universal cryptocurrency based ethereum for travelers the world version: last updated: ebcoin team www.ebcoin.io table contents abstract...................................................................................................................................... introduction ........................................................................................................................... background ..................................................................................................................... vision............................................................................................................................. market ................................................................................................................................. primary market: tax refund ........................................................................................ foreign exchange .......................................................................................................... cryptocurrency .................................................................................................................... coin design for tax refund .......................................................................................... ebcoin (eximbay coin) ................................................................................................. services ................................................................................................................................ ebcoin wallet ............................................................................................................... kiosk and atm .............................................................................................................. ebcoin roadmaps................................................................................................................ direction business model and marketing ............................................................... business development and release roadmap ........................................................... token sale and use the proceeds............................................................................ ebcoin team ........................................................................................................................ bibliography............................................................................................................................. other links............................................................................................................................... contact support ...................................................................................................................... abstract the ebcoin ecosystem will revolutionize the duty free/tourism tax refund market, currently estimated valued billion year. ebcoin will function erc token, standardized the ethereum blockchain and will complemented complete ewallet solution. using the ebcoin platform, consumers will receive their refunds instantly and can use the proceeds digital currency. with ebcoin, tax refunds will transparent, resulting greater efficiencies for tax authorities. for retailers, ebcoin will significantly reduce the high costs associated with the inefficient systems presently being used. will also help promote higher spending tourists participating duty-free retailers, where consumers will able present payment using their ebcoin wallet optional payment method. our research has shown that billion sales tax refunds are unclaimed travelers. this due inefficiencies the current systems, such paper based processes associated with collecting tax refunds points departure. addition, the industry currently charges merchants processing fees the tax refund amount. this limits the effective use sales tax refunds incentive expand the shopping habits tourists their travel destinations. the ebcoin ecosystem consists of: consumer interfaces the form mobile wallet application, the ebcoin token new digital currency, atm kiosks global airports, and merchant interfaces for accepting payments and participating loyalty programs. the ebcoin token will act method for accepting payments participating retailers, well having the capacity process loyalty benefit program transactions. turn, the atm kiosks will support instant conversion fiat other cryptocurrencies. the ebcoin project backed partners co. ltd (krp), korean based payment services provider established specializing tourism, travel and duty-free industries. krp now has over online and offline merchants south korea, china, japan and southeast asia. clients include airlines, duty-free shops, department stores and hotels. ebcoin has international board advisors, with deep domain experience digital payments, financial technology services, tax refunds and monetary systems. phase one the ebcoin go-to-market strategy target the tourism corridors between china and south korea, well japan and south korea. addition, ebcoin will also focus key tourism corridors for chinese, korean and japanese tourists southeast asia. phase two will expand target other key asian tourist corridors, including europe and australia. further, have also identified that there are tremendous opportunities other duty-free hubs, such dubai and abu dhabi. these and others will included future phases our project development. ebcoin foundation pte. ltd registered company singapore. are advised rhtlaw taylor wessing llp, global legal and advisory firm with representation across offices asia, the middle east, europe and the united states via the taylor wessing network and aseam plus group. terms token sale ebcoin has allocated ebc tokens participants via series token sale events. this represents the total supply ,,, ebc. during the two pre-sale periods, the token sale allotment will made available for total ebc. further the token sale allotment will available for the main token sale event, ebc total. unsold tokens from crowd sale will burned and tokens purchased during our token sales will unlocked before listing exchanges. with the proceeds reserved for product development and the remainder allocated for sales, marketing and reserve. the use proceeds proportion product development marketing sales reserve ebcoin will utilize third party auditing and accounting services for transparency and governance, and compliant with all laws and regulations singapore. *for more detailed information, please refer token sale and use the proceeds. introduction background development world tourism industry and chinese contributions the global tourism industry has grown steadily over the past decade. this can measured the number overseas travelers worldwide. the travelers surpassed billion for the first time increased billion even though, there was slight decrease decline from the previous year) due global economic recession, but after all year shows significant increase. according the united nations world tourism organization analyzed that china million, the united states, germany and united kingdom are the middle cause traveler increase. not only are the number travelers, each country's overseas spending travel the top-ranked the world. amongst them, the country with the highest expenditure overseas tourism china billion), which has grown big player. the statistics china are tantamount the total expenditure overseas other nations, the united states, germany and united kingdom. can seen the several latest reports, chinese dominating large sections the consumption market the world. regardless the region and country, tourism industry rapidly developing the present day. international tourism large part terms export earnings the world after fuel and chemicals. unlike other sectors, the tourism industry does not require high technology specialty. with resources and utilizing environment, each country can create competitive advantage and differentiated value comparison other nations. travel tourism competitiveness index (world economic forum, shows that those components are important measure for improving tourism. exactly countries america, africa, asia and the middle east have included from the top list according the report. consequently, tourism industry has something special that can activated irrespective economic power, gdp and geographical conditions. these days, numerous people are expecting unusual experiences and new challenges, there lot potential and vision tourism industry. the status payment industry the international tourism market ecosystem mentioned earlier, the tourism industry developing all over the world, and the increase the number overseas tourists leading consumption. result, each country enjoys economic ripple effects. travelers exchange withdraw their local currency for consumption and purchase locally, and they buy items using the local currency credit card. according the tax refund system each country, the consumption tax received local currency remitted the home country after returning home. the rest local currency will exchanged the bank their home country the airport before departure. this point, exchange money between the local currency and the destination currency occurred. regardless whether through commodity money electronic settlement, payment should paid for it. many businesses are thriving response the currency demand travelers. foreign exchange operators operate currency exchange counters airports, downtown areas and hotels where travelers frequently visit places, and they collect fees around the fee for exchange. credit card companies provide local payment through visa network. this moment, they generate additional revenues approximately from the payment amount. addition this, they gain exchange fee when customers withdraw cash using atm. most countries are operating tax refund system that allows overseas travelers reimburse their domestic consumption tax, which amounts the purchase price. taxes refunded after shopping are either received local currency remitted their account. this allows the tax refund companies take commission revenue. apparent that financial commissions such overseas service fees are set higher than general transactions for travelers. that because the admission fee airport duty free shop, which the same with regard visitors transient guests make excessive profits. status and problems tax refund system tax refund means when tourist buys vat inclusive product during their travel period, and returns his her home without using it, they can get certain amount vat from their purchased products. currently, countries are operating the regime, tax refund and among them, nations are belonging the european region. these include the united kingdom, france and italy, all which are the top rank tourism competitiveness index. when purchasing goods, customers can get back the domestic tax not only airport specific area the city but any shop local country. thus, the tax refund system necessary system for attracting tourists and increasing tourist consumption. this account, the number chinese tourists has exploded and the tourist markets asian nations have also grown. these countries have been busy introducing tax refund system. there big difference the refund rate because the system taxation each country dissimilar. europe, more than the surtax applied particular and there are many expensive luxury goods, the tax refund very effective. the size the market for tax refund forming potential market billion usd billion eur) and growing each year. increase tourism and luxury consumption due emerging global consumers asian middle class has grown sevenfold since the year the number millionaires china are expected double between million. the average growth rate chinese tourists for tax free shopping europe per year, and the rate growth between and expected each year. the global tourism market supported increased affordability and expenditure per tourist, particularly spending luxury goods over the past sixty years, tourism has undergone continuous expansion and diversification become one the largest economic sectors across the world. some travel disruptions, such sars, ash cloud and global financial crisis transpired but there was only minimal disruption and which made quick recovery. demand for global luxury goods continues rise, driven the spread the middle class and the polarization prices. vat contributes greatly government budgets and more countries adopt vat revenue raising countermeasure. the problem that the procedure complicated and cumbersome, which causing great inconvenience travelers, even though the effect and demand for the refund are significant. especially the travel season, when the demand for tourism greatly increased, travelers must wait long time for customs checks and refund requests owing the large crowds airports for departure. this bring the pernicious effect terms the quality travel. due this inconvenience, known that only less than the vat included the refund will refunded consumers. addition, the existing tax refund system full absurdity. consumer discomfort from multiple stages refund process consumers must keep the purchase receipt departure. the customs officer must confirm that the consumers' goods are carrying out the customs counter the departure lounge. refund application (including refund method registration) must completed the refund counter. consumers not accept cash, may take three months send their account. refund impossible paid refund service fee) excessive costs for system operation private refunding operators take over the operation computerization and settlement services for tax refund between merchants and the national tax administration. pay very large rent the departure lounge manage refund window. due limited opportunity enter the airport for opening business, big portion the business cost paid the rent for operating the refund window through competition amongst refunding companies. originally, tax refund aims tourism activation. however, refund provider takes them the fee, which system goes against the original intent. the tax authorities have way confirming tourists that they have finally received tax refund. they audit this, could cost bundle money. criminal behavior due the competition between tax refund providers, large part the refund fee returned the merchants the support fund for their marketing. the merchants not return some the tax exempted the government increase sales secure additional profit, may regarded criminal act and they can charged with tax evasion. known that some tax refund companies not send the tax refund amount their customers purpose. vision have devised cryptocurrency that will replace the demand for the local currency used global travelers. global travelers are dramatically increasing year year, and the biggest contributor chinese amongst them. well known that most chinese tourists travel group tours and they spend lot money shopping during the trip. the top ten countries visited chinese travelers are all asia. first all, plan set atms for currency exchange each airport hong kong, japan, south korea and thailand. afterwards, will provide payment and tax refund services numerous number shopping centers, duty free shops and department stores. travelers will benefit from our cryptocurrency merchants, travel agencies, airlines, airports and duty-free shops under the supervision krp and gcmc. use the cryptocurrency, they will install our ebc wallet their mobile phone. travelers receive drawback ebcoin using our ebc wallet and they receive shipping document confirmation atm airports. atm, the rest money exchanged ebcoin. ebcoin stored the ebc wallet can exchanged the ebc exchange anytime, anywhere and around departure. travelers can solve problems many discomforts. unnecessary procedures, such having receipt and long wait times refund window will disappear without trace. because there need through bank windows airports exchange their rest the money. result, the quality travel will vastly improved. the tax can refunded immediately after confirmation export, because both tax refund companies and rent for airport windows are unnecessary. the exchange fee also exchanged using the cryptocurrency exchange the online, can used much lower cost than the currency exchange airports. the tax authorities the countries that operate tax refund system can enhance the transparency the system. there cost manage the system and need audit whether the tax properly refunded. finally, possible maximize the effect attracting tourists increasing the tax exemption benefits for the domestic visitors and improving their convenience. global travelers use the tax refund service via ebcoin, not difficult expand the scope for use ebcoin many ways, such currency exchange and payment. visa the payment method that handles the most cross border payment worldwide. with the annual tax refund market worth approximately $b, and the x-border payment market grossing hundreds billions dollars every year, global tourists will using ebcoin their main currency. market primary market: tax refund the tax refund market shaping the worldwide tourist market. merit that this service for travelers able receive refund the consumption tax (%). especially the european region huge tourism market where the demand for luxury products high. recently, the rapid growth chinese tourists has led development asian tourism markets, including south korea, japan and thailand. order receive the tax refund, every traveler must obtain tax-free goods purchase history and take confirmation export the customs authorities. this, the integrated computer system will integrated provide confirmation the recipient who receive refund and ex-post settling service after integrating data from taxpayer (merchant), the national tax administration and customs. tax refund, based cryptocurrency tax refund system that allows foreign tourists receive the domestic indirect tax (vat, special consumption tax) only when the foreign tourists take out their goods purchased the place designated the superintendent tax office order attract and secure foreign tourists. the domestic tax refund aimed attracting foreign tourists. however, the procedure complicated and many people want get refund. but the problem they cannot afford wait for longer time access this benefit before leaving the airport. for these reasons, travelers tend give refund tax. also, the guidance provided for receiving refund slip the tax free shops, which the first the refund process too sloppy inadequate. the tax free shops provide refund certificate and customer information the refunding service provider tax-refund affiliate. the refunding companies receive the vat from duty free shops and pay the money the foreigner, deduct portion the fee and share the profit with merchants. unlike the purpose the system, foreign tourists may give receiving refund only receive part the refund, because the complicated procedure. the reason for this can found the following structure. when foreign tourist refund tax through the refund slips approved the customs office, the refunding company the nucleus the service procedure. they handle the business, which refunding the vat after deducting the fee, for foreign tourists and tax free shops. the ebcoin team concerned about the structure the actual amount refund and the unfair fee deductions. are looking for ways improve the complex procedures which are unnecessary just like the agency business tax refund companies. will this not only with the blockchain and tokens. also came with the concept smart contract, which supports the transparent structuring tax refunds using the decentralized blockchain. the smart contract also includes the exchange transparent rights and duties. all tax refunds will carried out under the conditions the smart contract, and foreign tourists who are due for refund will refunded; with the value the refund provided token. ultimately, our team decentralizes the existing centralized agency service, and refunds the fee that occurred through the agency the foreign tourists full, bring this system back life. furthermore, extend these systems and services the global tax refund market. foreign exchange usually, foreign tourists exchange their currency the local currency the country they intend travel before during departure. some limitations transportation money also require that tourists leave the bulk their money home, which increases the risk loss due the exchange rate when the exchange done later. there are also some inconveniences when exchanging currency, due the limitations handling currency and the time takes visit the banks. banknote exchange: countries are available coin exchange: only countries' currency acceptable (the dollar, japanese yen, british pound, euro, swiss franc, australian dollar and hong kong dollar) the case tax refund, travelers may keep ebcoin they plan revisit their travel destination the nearest future, they they choose not patronize their local merchants due the exorbitant commission costs. this case, they will need simply make exchanges into their local currency through exchange market currency exchange. with ebcoin, are trying deal with difficulties exchanging money various countries. customers want exchange their own currency before departure, they can simply exchange the money the kiosk that deployed airports each country. possible access kiosks through the ebcoin app. starting with ebcoin, other primitive currencies, such bitcoin and ethereum; and fiat currencies such usd, yen and won are also available for travelers exchange and withdraw. cryptocurrency the tax refund for foreign tourists depends the refund service provider. the provider acts agency for customs and merchants, and records the purchase history and passport information the tourists centralized server. portion the refund will deducted commission fee for foreign tourists process payment for refund. there are loss and missing risk the manual process collecting paper receipts from merchants and registering them computerized accounts. the actual payment between the duty free shop and the refund service provider also uncertain. the case refund advance, credit card number may stored for rebilling does not meet the refund requirement, which has the problems terms sensitive and personal information leakage. under this circumstance, tried solve the above problems developing refundable coin with characteristics cryptocurrency. coin design for tax refund limit bitcoin and ethereum based erc- token there are two ways develop the coin for tax refund, which are multi-signature technique bitcoin smart contract ethereum. however, bitcoin has several problems follows. small block size takes long time confirm fees are expensive turing incomplete script with limited opcode therefore, not suitable for use refund payments due the block size and the delay confirming blocks. one will wait for ten minutes buy cup coffee. similarly, when you purchase expensive luxury goods home appliances online, will you willing through six steps confirm the purchase? most people wouldn't. multi-signature technique, bitcoin protocol enables low level 'smart contract'. for example, you can create scripts that must signed from two the given three private keys approved. these scripts can useful for business accounts, security and the tax refund, but there are some severe limits: there loop command category, such the words, 'while' 'for'. utxo (unspent transaction outputs) script not good enough control the amount withdrawal detail, because the script restricted terms price fluctuations. there are only two situations, which are 'spent' 'unspent', impossible create multiple contracts and used for one-time contract. thus, there are limitations terms extension and application develop applications various fields. vitalik buterin, the founder ethereum discovered these limitations bitcoin, and then developed the new cryptocurrency all know ethereum. this cryptocurrency can used facilitating payments. but not only payment method, but also creating wide range dapp (decentralized application) and smart contract open platform. the ethereum platform built with turing-complete language (serpent, solidity, lll, mutal) that functionally different from bitcoin. blockchain which simple type like bitcoin had ended, but the age blockchain has arrived and available for actual use, especially the financial sector. with ethereum being the forefront the revolution, this has opened the pathway blockchain and believe this cryptocurrency appropriate platform for our token sale. after the token sale events, other new tokens can listed cryptocurrency exchanges. ethereum, smart contracts are conditionally coded and propagated each node. the form follows: 'if the foreign tourist meets the refund condition [condition the duty free shop confirms the approval from customs [condition and transfers the token-type refund coin the traveler's wallet. the ethereum open platform that interoperable and linked with decentralized applications based erc standard protocol. not restricted only one service, but has infinite potentials for creating services. our team develops ebc (ebcoin) ethereum based erc token and provide contract codes for tax refunds the smart contract using minimal intervention and without any third parties. our project based dapp and our main targets are foreign tourists, duty free shops and customs. ebcoin (eximbay coin) provide solution for applying tax refund service the blockchain important. took closer look ebcoin with some problems and their corresponding solutions when designed the coin. our team checked over the necessary parts bitcoin and ethereum's control algorithm and implementation process for public private blockchain service for long time. this led the design refund coin, called ebc (eximbay coin), which had considered for issuance, asset transfer, signature, user behaviors, mining, system configuration, coin management and implementation. threw difficult question ourselves: can ebcoin evolve from simple refund coin more extended service? how should handled apply the global tax refund market? how should implemented raise consensus among various organizations? through countless trials and errors, ebcoin was designed smart contract based tax refund service the ethereum blockchain. reached conclusion reasonable basis that the coin must based erc token standard token technology, which easy develop, fast and compatible. have decided the design and construction direction ebcoin examining the technical constraints some reviews and the technical features that must implement. consideration each country's various refund targets and conditions, have compiled the code defined the smart contract script code with variety functions. after converting byte code, has become possible write the blockchain through transaction, which was the point contact well the application distribution. had one question: how identify and access smart contracts recorded the blockchain? examined the structure the contract, and when the transaction recorded the blockchain, the block created the miner. this transaction processed the contract creation transaction and returns the contract address the generated contract the contract address field the transaction receipt. the contract address refers contents the contract code have defined. how approach the function each defined contract code? other words, how will carry out the value and refund conditions that foreign tourists receive the refund duty free shops return the result? access functions can handled follows. when the contract function executed the function signature area the contract code, put the contract address the 'to' part the transaction and the function address the 'data' part. necessary procedure include the parameter values for operation the payload. the function area will record the conditions for tax refund each country. the parameters include sales information, sales amount and sales date judge refund conditions, and the address necessary for the refund. order this, processing for functions must implemented advance. so, how implement the confirmation export customs and refund coin payment authority? how handle participation public institutions and each nation's refund system smart contract? how supply initial liquidity coins duty free shops? what will happen the duty free shops use the coin for other use other than refund? there any way make the coin unusable? the contract code can delegate the authority that makes transfers possible and can input the administration authority, such the transmission range and the control the supply amount. create such function, central manager the coin required. can processed with simple account, and contract can issued with democratic vote issue new token. also possible limit the influence the token owner each address. our team considered that the role the ebc founder very important induce the participation each country. this process cannot carried out exclusively, but must controlled and authorized each participant's vote. the ebc foundation can determine the scope the signer's authority and procedures for service operations, which similar customs duty free shops. the participant specific address who has authority can use function calls defined smart contract code, which available provide additional liquidity, collect coins from certain participants and obstruct coin usage. how can participants with different authority access the smart contract ethereum? also, when users learn about ux, can they make them feel comfortable comparison existing applications? like bitcoin, ethereum node needed access the block. the blockchain engine means the ethereum node, such 'geth', 'parity', and 'eth'. transaction processing contract execution related the smart contract recorded the blockchain, and function the smart contract recorded the blockchain according the message called. tax free shops, customs and foreigners want handle their respective duties through web native applications, the following functions are available. through the abi (application binary interface), provide the function access the smart contracts the application area. will distribute the dapp based ebcoin app via this functionality. the ebcoin app, created javascript and java will access the blockchain means communication protocol, such rpc for interaction between users and smart contracts, and will configured communicate with the ethereum node. result, step-by-step tax refund condition created the ebc founder the smart contract the ebcoin contract name. participants such duty free shops, customs and foreigners are composed independent nodes through dapp, and these nodes are connected each other multinational the ethereum network. the implementation process above. but lastly, why should refund made the blockchain? what are the benefits? the transfer the refund coin recorded the open ledger the blockchain transaction history. this ensures that all procedures for tax refunds can tracked transparently. cases where refund service provider acting intermediary refund tax foreigners via refund slips, the refund service company and duty free shop obtains and settles the commission. this limited foreign tourists whose customs have been properly processed requesting refund. the feature centralized through the monopoly small number refund service providers, and tourists receive refunds that are deducted from brokerage fee, which unnecessary the consignment process. the characteristics that are improved when the service provided the blockchain are follows. decentralization: transaction available between duty free shops and foreign tourists without the third parties, thereby reducing commissions. security: hacking not possible due the nature blockchain anonimity: additional information appears addition the address due the nature blockchain non-repudiation: foreign tourists can transfer ebcoin much the refunded amount the address that they want receive and confirm blockchain statelessness: the service can used many countries other than specific countries the contract code ebcoin for tax refund recorded blockchain operate follows. the source code for the contract will written solidity and released the website, githup the future. obtain product sales information, including sales amount duty free shop and refundable ebcoin address foreign tourists. sign with the private key the duty free shop for the amount corresponding the following conditions. afterwards, ebcoin and goods sales information are recorded the data area and change the refund slip status completion. primary condition: refund possibility (ex: the total amount exceeds usd, export the purchased item within months korean standards) the customs office confirms the ebcoin refund address foreign tourists, and determine whether the goods are approved for export they confirm the recipient for refund, item, period and other conditions. passport foreign toursits, refund slips are can maintained the ebcoin app, which encrypted. sign the export using the customs private key. ebcoin will transferred the refund address foreign tourists. after that, the refund status changed into completion status. additional exception, the duty free shops not pay the refund amount the due date specified the smart contract, impossible check the related information the ledger. foreign tourists can request their refund the basis this, and customs will execute the following terms and conditions after confirming whether the goods can exported according the refund conditions the smart contract. how will coins that are refunded foreign tourists used? the ebcoin developed according standards and can partly transferred others. tax refund service made available the system and users can sell the coin through exchanges, exchange value with other tokens and carry out transactions. foreign tourists can exchange ebcoin atms and currency exchanges their own country the airport. they can also spend money ebcoin affiliated merchants. provide the functions multinational tax refund and facilitate payments, settlements and exchanges intermediary using ebcoin the blockchain. with our system, there will intermediaries such existing refund service providers, payment gateway companies and banks. services for travelers' tax refund, currency exchange and payment will built into decentralized application the form electronic wallet platform. customs and duty free shops will also participate each node and maintain consistency they continuously keep each the same data while staying sync. every account managed customs and duty free shops will controlled private key, with the state the contract accounts which controlled codes being changed through the transaction. the ebcoin which designed with this process has the following advantages for tax refund. operate transparently and easily change the regulations according the refund system improved security privacy protection global serviceability eliminate monopoly terms services and profits addition preventing forgery and falsification due the loss the actual slip, convenient report the zero tax rate from duty free shops and they can efficiently manage documentary evidences. furthermore, tasks customs are simplified, efficiency also improved and the time customers waited for services shortened simultaneously. have been providing several services, such online/offline payments and dynamic currency conversion based credit card foreign customers for more than years. one our important services the payment service based messenger, application and barcode. through bitcoin, the blockchain became well-known throughout the world and there's been growing interest the value the blockchain. will use ebcoin the right medium create points with our merchants through the tax refund market, payment service and currency exchange. services ebcoin wallet make ebcoin's tax refund, payment and currency exchange functions easier, will create and distribute the ebcoin wallet the form e-wallet. this will make the wallet available sdk for android and iphone, which easy use especially global shopping applications. the user installs only electronic wallet the form sdk, various services such remittance and electronic payment using ebcoin will available. the case tax refund, foreign tourist can preserve information scan their passport. order check the refund slip from the wallet, the acceptable refund method only ebcoin. scan passport confirm refund slip refund ebcoin the structure customs: after scanning the purchase serial number wallet with the goods information and signing with the private key, the coin refunded the wallet the designated foreign tourists. for currency exchange, users can withdraw the rest their money through kiosk, atm currency exchanges airports. they can also receive ebcoin sending their wallet address. the address receiving exchanged amount confirm the result all ebcoin received through refund and the exchange process can used for value exchange and payment among users through the app. addition, the user can use the blockchain reliable intermediary recording transfer conditions the smart contract according the use ebcoin. the primary form the app will include the function distribute ebcoin through smart contract codes immediately upon token sale participation. the distributed coin can confirmed the user's balance. the second form equipped with password wallet function, which will support the create/import/export functions for the private key. with this, user can create passwords for ebcoin, ethereum, bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. lastly, the third form utilizes both wallet and signature functions the private key. will useful for direct transaction the ebcoin among users. also, the function for electronic payments between users and merchants using ebcoin, ethereum and bitcoin will made available. various forms dapp with the ebcoin sdk; including tax refund, payments and currency exchange functions will made available several channels each designated country. kiosk and atm order use ebcoin tax refund and exchange function conveniently, would like develop kiosks linked with the ebcoin wallet and deployed airports duty free shops. kiosks will deployed supplement the manpower for customs order handle limited confirmation exports. addition, kiosks will required apply export confirmation without visiting the customs departure inspection center when the cost purchased goods less than the predetermined refund amount. the case the tax refund function, passport information and refund documents are stored the ebcoin wallet, customers can proceed for confirmation exports customs. the traveler's passport refund slip not registered, then they can register the serial number barcode their passport and refund slip through kiosk's reader. this will automatically synchronized with the ebcoin wallet. the functionality for charging withdrawal local currency with ebcoin also provided. with the dapp, possible immediately deposit and withdraw ebcoin using the present exchange rate. since the kiosk system and the ebcoin wallet complement each other, the kiosk will used effectively when the dapp unable access the network needs extra features for local currency withdrawal. ebcoin roadmaps direction business model and marketing global payment gateway provider, will require large pool merchants. plan recruit affiliates and partners accommodate new and existing merchants the platform. this way, will remain competitive and the ebcoin will attract more online and offline business compared other cryptocurrencies. are planning provide free platform for our affiliates and partners; support our coin and get paid. will also provide features for attaining membership and saving points the ebcoin platform. business development and release roadmap below the high level overview roadmap, milestones and deliverables that the ebcoin team outlines for the next years, following the token sale event. business development quarter establishment ebc foundation pre-sale st-nd quarter proceed with crowd sale and kyc aml partnership and mou with related companies finalize contracts with duty-free retailers and merchants using ebcoin wallet quarter kiosk h/w function design lease agreement for deployment kiosk atm quarter provide ebcoin wallet customs and proceed tax refund procedures training proceed tax refund procedures training duty free shops through ebcoin wallet st-th quarter plan manufacture kiosk atm create kiosk atm manual pre-training about kiosk atm deployment site and quantity calculation according production cost kiosk and atm deployment lotte department store (south korea) and inchon international airport (south korea) contract with major airports the world st-nd quarter kiosk and atm deployment changi (singapore), chek lap kok (hong kong), narita (japan), taoyuan (taiwan) and suvarnabhumi (thailand) airport. expand business reach service china and europe machine development and wallet release quarter distribute ebcoin wallet both android and ios market (provide the function for participating the token sale) st-nd quarter distribution ebcoin wallet btc, eth, ebc transfer service offer distribution ebcoin wallet tax refund process (prototype) quarter design and module test for kiosk atm interconnection test for kiosk atm ebcoin wallet manufacturing kiosk atm h/w st-nd quarter kiosk atm prototype simulation manufacturing kiosk atm and interlocking with the present rate ebcoin exchanges quarter full pilot and testing token sale and use the proceeds ebcoin token sale ebcoin erc token that standardized the ethereum blockchain and compatible with all applications that uses the same standard. ebcoin will provide ebc the participants through token sales, which the total supply ,,, ebc. during the period pre-sale and the main token sale events, repeated participation allowed and the ebc sent via kyc participants who received tokens during the pre-sale token sale. only ethereum will used for token purchases during the token sale. the contributions will used build one-stop service platform for payment, tax refund, foreign exchanges and transportation for international travelers. pre-sale conversion rate: period conversion rate: period hard cap eth ebc eth ebc ebc pre-sale st: december utc january utc pre-sale nd: january utc january utc the sales amount pre-sale ebc, which the total sales amount. the amount raised met before the date end, the pre-sale will closed automatically. crowd sale conversion rate: period conversion rate: period hard cap eth ebc eth ebc ebc crowd sale st: january utc january utc crowd sale nd: february utc february utc during the crowd sale, ebc distributed, which the total sales amount. the amount raised met before the end date, the token sale will closed automatically. unsold tokens from crowd sale will burned and tokens purchased during our token sales will unlocked before listing exchanges. after initial pre-sale, ebcoin changed the total supply from ,,, ebc ,,,ebc. (after carefully considering the total tax refund market size, believe necessary have ,,,ebc) ebcoin proceeds use the token sale proceeds can divided into two major sectors, which are token allocation and return investment. most the proceeds will invested infrastructure expansion. ebc foundation team unit r&r unit key role listing block chain partnering biz modeling gov't entity partnering marketing unit key role marketing strategy promotion planning marketing partnering channel mgmt. r&d unit key role dapp mgmt. back office mgmt. system mgmt. hardware mgmt. security mgmt unit key role finance mgmt. budget mgmt. asset mgmt. business unit support bibliography bitcoin: https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf ethereum: https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/white-paper blockchain https://www.blockchain.com/ blockchain: https://assets.korbit.co.kr/docs/korbit-white_paper-block_chain_primer-.pdf erc: https://steemit.com/kr/@uijujeong/erc chaintalk: http://www.chaintalk.io/ duty free tax refunds: https://english.visitkorea.or.kr/enu/shp/sh_eng__.jsp other links krpartners: http://company.kr.net/ eximbay: https://www.eximbay.com/ gcmc: http://www.thegcmc.co.kr/ contact support official website: http://www.ebcoin.io slack: http://ebcoin.slack.com telegram: http://goo.gl/oax email: support@ebcoin.io