whitepaper eboost eboost.fun table contents table contents abstract eboost transform industries why the mobile gaming industry mobile gaming revenue with ebst problems mobile gaming mobile esports and eboost eboost mobile wallet user friendly experience ebst game development eboost website eboost esports in-game trading with eboost esports dilemma blockchain and esports the esports solution table contents eboost gameplan esports stats esports audiences utilizing viewership tuition payments with eboost technological specs technical framework overview distribution eboost partners roadmap eboost team thank you acknowledge disclaimer eboost whitepaper eboost abstract perfect storm has rolled in. blockchain technology, esports, and mobile gaming have grown new heights, revolutionizing their respective industries. this white paper will provide in-depth explanation how all three have come together; create the eboost platform and ebst, the trusted gamer coin. eboost much more than typical blockchain platform. gamers and traders can come together collab, compete, watch and find out the latest news the competitive gaming blockchain industry easy navigate setting. eboost aims the center the blockchain, esports and mobile gaming industries. our esports and mobile gaming platform launched and encompasses gaming platform, wallet and cryptocurrency ticketed ebst, all powered blockchain technology. eboost has now reached active users and growing daily. our organization strives improve and reach millions new users globally with our bold growth plan. eboost whitepaper eboost eboost will transform three industries cryptocurrencies (ebst) the worldwide population has quickly adopted cryptocurrencies their everyday lives. with blockchains' secure swift transactions, inexpensive cost and global outreach, are truly the middle financial renaissance. eboost has developed the trusted gamer coin (ebst) its platform with support from business leaders, mainstream news and popular social influencers backing its potential. the huge success cryptocurrency adoption proves that the blockchain has truly filled much needed void financial technology (fintech). safe secure business transactions, wallets accounts for those unable access bank, and quick, cheap payment gateways are some the many problems solved fintech. the blockchain will continue find solutions problems that were born the twentieth century financial systems. eboost whitepaper eboost mobile gaming the mobile gaming industry has evolved and thrived through the improvement technological advancements android and ios devices. virtual online stores such apple's app store and the google play store became open more options in-game, app developers quickly developed system that involved microtransactions. this instantly created huge success, pushing the industry grow into the multi-billion dollar level that today. however, incredible growth such this, created many security breaches within apps games, well the online stores. hackers can generate their own in-game coins, giving one advantage over other players, but also damaging the credibility app developers and app stores alike. the eboost cryptocurrency trading under the ticker:ebst, the answer this persistent problem. with its safe secure network transactions, your protection guaranteed. blockchain will indefinitely replace all in-game currency mobile games platforms and eboost the forefront this shift. ebst was created and implemented via secure wallet and payment system which immutable and decentralized. addition ebst offers app marketplace create trading in-game items across multiple apps. eboost whitepaper eboost esports gaming esports growing global enterprise born from fragmented online video game clubs into major organization. this growing slice the online gaming industry approaching billion total annual revenue. the industry has grown double digits year over year for the past five years; however esports has suffered from lack organization and common payment platform that has left players lost, upset and downright angry. with large, thriving community gamers, iconic professional esports players and traders alike, eboost will strive solve these problems with secure payments, constant adaptations, updates and solid foundation over community token holders, gamers, traders and business people alike. eboost whitepaper eboost why the mobile gaming industry? eboost targeting the mobile gaming industry due its incredible growth and it's wide compatibility implement coin for gaming purchases and trading. the united states began its growth mobile games. the general population mobile game users from america started just .%. estimates now are well over and only predicted grow further surveys show that out general mobile game players, users have least mobile games each device they own. the united states market for mobile gaming, their players spend money through microtransactions. games such clash clans, candy crush and even flappy bird have made hundreds millions revenue and micro transactions. with objectives that involve co-development mobile games and creating blockchain that will used service the entire industry, eboost will targeting games with potential such these. eboost whitepaper eboost mobile gaming revenue with eboost global revenue important represents the feasibility investment for onlookers and spectators wanting get financially involved. eboost joining this industry the correct moment with visions creating widely used platform and in-game currency. the stats show that terms revenue, the global mobile games industry reached billion this shows impressive stability growth compared billion with asia being the largest proportion this revenue. through companies like tencent and others alike, this revenue supported. japan also generated billion and stands the second largest mobile gaming industry terms revenue, the world. following close behind the united states america, trailed south korea. china undoubtedly the strongest leader the industry standing growth and opportunities out the largest markets asia. eboost will targeting this high potential marketplace and reinvent the industry for all casual and competitive players. eboost whitepaper eboost problems mobile gaming despite the growth the mobile gaming industry, many problems have arisen and have not been addressed directly. eboost has viable and realistic methods combating these problems. some these issues include: hacking into games for currency downloading free games from illegal sites generating stealing key codes for in-game currency redemption. eboost will combat this creating gaming platform built the blockchain technology. the decentralized platform will create security for the mobile games market. eboost will this offering our blockchain technology app developers, providing them the functionality have decentralized log transactions. eboost strives develop games with mobile app developers powered the ebst token the secure, in-game currency. eboost whitepaper eboost mobile esports eboost implementation esports has thrived massive scale since the first days gaming tournaments attracting sponsorships, football sports clubs and even stadium owners. just its first year, the sub industry that mobile esports has shown huge growth and expected become mainstream esport the scene mid eboost involved the future mobile esports with ebst originally being founded for esports. this will something that implemented alongside the growth mobile esports. the new sub industry grows into mainstream eboost will widely used platform for esports gamers and mobile gamers. implementation will achieved replacing the in-game currency that the games would normally have and using eboost instead. any mobile esports prize pools will paid out eboost use the app withdrawn through the wallet app. this will work alongside the in-game trading system ebst with players trading eboost each other via the eboost mobile wallet app. esports has thrived massive scale since the first days gaming tournaments, attracting sponsorships, football sports clubs and even stadium owners. just its first year, the sub industry that mobile esports has shown huge growth and expected become mainstream esport the scene mid eboost will definitely involved the future mobile esports due the coin originally being founded for esports. this will something that implemented alongside the growth mobile esports. the new sub industry grows into mainstream eboost will widely used platform for esports gamers and mobile gamers. implementation will achieved replacing the ingame currency that the games would normally have and using eboost instead. any mobile esports prize pools will paid out eboost use the app withdrawn through the wallet app. this will work alongside the system in-game trading with eboost with players trading eboost with each other via the eboost mobile wallet app. eboost whitepaper eboost the eboost wallet app the eboost wallet app will conjunction with the eboost mobile games integration. the wallet will connected server that links all the games supported eboost, creating and linking in-game currency. this lays the foundations item marketplace for these games. trading, tournaments and many more features will use the eboost blockchain provide security and use for the ebst coin. this will create and integrate environment based easy manage user interface and general platform for players chat and trade the mobile gaming community. the eboost mobile wallet will provide all the coins you own, held your phone for physical and personal ownership the currency. the technology behind the eboost wallet app will developed for android and ios devices, which safely stores the users private keys for the coins they've earned, bought received. eboost whitepaper eboost user-friendly experience for uneducated consumers cryptocurrency some the biggest problems that has deterred people from using crypto the past has been the elongated signups exchanges, the complexity the industry and the long transfer times the coins. eboost will change the mindset these people integrating the coin with seamless and easy signup process. simply pressing the "sign with google" "sign with facebook" feature used most apps will automatically generate customers details linking their account create easy sign process for consumers. they will then able buy and transfer coins directly from their mobile device. the implications this could change the way people view crypto and and create large potential for eboost the future. eboost whitepaper eboost eboost coin and games development company mentioned, eboost plans implement their in-game technology with the ebst token into several mobile games. the coin will transferable from phone phone through the in-game marketplace. eboost will also launching games development company create apps that implement this technology. the platform that holds these games will use efficient linking between games with instant transfer times when trading the coin in-game. eboost whitepaper eboost the brand new eboost website eboost currently updating its website www.eboost.fun become much more than basic website, but instead portal for all things esports related esports. eboost will the premier hub for all esports, highlighting from many different major esports just for the community including blockchain news and mobile gaming updates. some the highlights eboost will implementing into its new website september are the following: live scores and updates esports major tournaments happening worldwide ecommerce section allow fans players ability buy gaming gear and apparel with ebst tokens esports news aggregated from credible sources around the industry dynamic blog with comprehensive topics pertaining esports expanded slyders with several recent videos about eboost news white paper that includes updates quarterly landing page collect information esports fans and eboost token holders expand the team and update bios eboost team deposit section top 'eboost wallet' update roadmap and add extra year goals and future activities twitter live feed widget add more social media outlets linked the website update terms conditions, privacy policy and cookie permissions eboost whitepaper eboost eboost and esports eboost platform was originally built specifically the blockchain service the nearly gaming community. now incorporating mobile games into the service, many possibilities have opened for eboost and the consumers the coin, ebst. similar traditional sports, esports fans follow real world teams and enjoy watching matches wildly popular games like league legends, counter-strike and world warcraft. there also vast amount gamers who use their time collecting items from such games, then trading them with each other. places such discord house avenues for these players connect with one another and trade their items. eboost connected with the largest trading discord server called tradecentral which holds over users. with eboost wallet built into their ecosystem provides another opportunity for the esports world use boost platform where players can paid through prizes. this aims change the industry into secure and profitable economy online. eboost whitepaper eboost buy/sell/trade in-games skins/ cosmetics throughout the rapid growth the esports industry, there are few sub industries that thrive within it. players can now buy, sell trade their ingame skins cosmetics. skin, in-game 'paint job' overlay for your items character used the game. player can 'skin' his gun player via purchased earned in-game reward. the rarity these skins make for great profit generation and return investment. prices range from $,+. for cs:go alone, players wagered billion skins the outcome esports matched these profits are often used create massive prize pools for tournaments and gaming events alike. valve, company that owns both dota and cs:go, announced that generate billion running these trades through their popular gaming platform, steam. eboost company will pursue the item-trading avenue. trading in-game items huge section the gaming community that blockchain will adopt. eboost whitepaper eboost esports dilema esports gamers and fans have been hindered their ability buy, sell transfer money related any type esports tournaments, products services without payment processing platform that works for the entire esport gaming space. the lack cohesion and customized technological platform designed specifically for the industry has caused array problems for the life cycle daily gamers. payment systems such paypal, international bank wires and even western union are all extremely expensive. the traditional methods are slow and pricey and make for poor user experience for people playing purchasing games and items. with this poor structure users have developed low moral towards other users and the gaming organizers themselves. anger amongst users causes individuals become disenfranchised and stop participating daily gaming thus hurting the esports gaming space overall. the eboost platform will bring all users together harmony provide safe secure environment for transactions via esports tournaments, products services. eboost whitepaper eboost blockchain and esports blockchain systems are often too slow transfer due many brand new, minted coins introduced daily bitcoin ethereum networks. after yearly double digit growth, esports gamers decided platform needed the blockchain specific esports. the leading esports sponsors, organizers and players understood the massive potential esports blockchain has offer the world. the esports audience player pool continued grow exponentially compounding the existing problems. there needed platform that would bring the community together and solve these problems. was collectively decided that building multi-pronged platform where gamers can exchange payments within seconds, store their universal coin secure wallet solve the overall issues for the esports experience. users are frustrated, but long term solution these nagging problems here. with eboost, viable cryptocurrency dedicated esports, one that scalable the levels needed satisfy the industry demands, have the answer. eboost whitepaper eboost esports solution the eboost platform built proprietary blockchain system for esports platforms offering end end solutions using distributed ledger and smart contracts, wallet and cryptocurrency. with the use smart contracts support the growth the relatively new esports gaming industry, our platform provides safe secure location for all things eboost, blockchain esports. ebst growing fast because it's far more reliable, transparent and advantageous means payment the esports gaming industry. ebst cryptocurrency that will continue used the esports gaming space with many sites already signed and currently using the coin, including tradecentral. eboost's platform comes equipped with highly secure online wallet. you can download the eboost wallet for either apple windows devices secure your coins and also send and receive ebst coins. wallet can used for various reasons such multiple reception addresses, debugging solution, and quick transactions peer-to-peer. this wallet provides everything and much more esports gamers. eboost's very own currency for esports trading under the ticker ebst and one the best methods payment for esports transactions. eboost has also sponsored tournaments mockit esports and hosted array other tournaments further expand the user base and reach critical mass economies scale, this infant marketplace grows double digits annually. eboost whitepaper eboost the eboost gameplan ebst will used frequently the mobile gaming industry. developing mobile games and using the coin for in-game item trading across integrated network games. this will create whole new experience for gamers, traders and mobile app developers explore and enjoy. the system will work creating price for limited in-game items that will bought and traded between players using eboost tokens. there are multiple marketplaces and console platforms, but the mobile industry has been untouched this aspect immersive entertainment for the players. the first few games will marketed towards the esports community for growth and development the technology. this will include simple yet competitive multiplayer games built for ebst token implementation. when large audience developed, the eboost wallet will sync with all games using the technology. the coin will used wide range games for purchasing items, cosmetics and trading rare items in-game. the goal for the eboost game development branch create highly popular and competitive game where the coin integrated for prize pools and eboost whitepaper eboost esports stats the statistics below show previous and estimated global esports revenue from during the market cap reached numbers approaching million. estimates show the numbers are likely triple reaching impressive billion. eboost will striving the main source payment and trading this industry. the revenue the industry general has increased each year, factually making the esports industry the fastest growing market the world. calculations showed that the revenue came from sponsorship and advertising. the other was made esports betting, prize pools, tournaments, merchandise and ticket sales for events. currently, asia and north america represent the largest esports markets worldwide with europe following close behind. asia contributed average one quarter the global esports market revenue, boasting and inspiring million north america generated million with europe amounting million. despite these statistics being impressive already for non-mainstream industry, the estimated growth something that catching the eyes many investors and traders worldwide. with eboost the front the industry, investors, traders and gamers will all use eboost for their transactions, prizes, endeavours. eboost whitepaper eboost esports audiences shown, there are two main types esports viewers. these consist esports enthusiasts, those who are involved the community, and recreational viewers, those who watch the games for their leisure. there were million viewers watching esports streamers, games and events. this viewership interests sponsors worldwide. the number expected reach million viewers worldwide with viewership growing all esports, league legends far the leading esport with the highest number registered players and seemingly unreachable million audience members tuning the watch this created fans and casual viewers tuning watch tournaments with prize pools climbing high million. one the most popular streaming platforms twitch.tv. twitch, owned internet giant, amazon, generates monthly million unique viewers, january that number estimated grow million. the twitch user age group distribution indicated that the majority these users are ages with some ages being young and experienced with the industry growing fast, there are huge untold profits many fields regarding esports. that why implementing eboost would great endeavor for these viewers spend money games for advancements, but also used for stream donations subscriptions, buying the merchandise your favorite team, and many more. below chart the growth viewership among streaming giant twitch.tv eboost whitepaper eboost utilising viewership there are many events around the world, regarding esports. boasting many different viewers for each game. despite asia dominating the industry with their viewers, specific gaming events the west, gain much more attention than selected asian events. the extreme masters katowice event held poland had million unique viewers, making the most watched esport event all time. rivalling some major physical sports events. eboost being used prize for these kind events would lot easier manage for these event holders. this method payment has already been used esports players the past clubs such mockit esports. feedback showed that the players actually preferred being paid eboost rather than traditional methods involving banking. eboost whitepaper eboost paying for tuition with eboost not only eboost being used for mobile gaming, but also planning used for tuition fees esports academies. possible, this will begin sweden, country whose government that backs both crypto well esports. with some tuition fees reaching totals courses, there lot potential using eboost for this. eboost representatives will approach the swedish government with high hopes them adopting ebst their academies. sweden known for their public approval crypto technology well esports. this means, asking the question adopting ebst into their academies perfectly viable and achievable for eboost. eboost whitepaper eboost white paper technical standards technology specs will start off this section, not with the usual introduction into cryptocurrencies, but instead will start with that different with eboost from technical perspective and how its intended use case influenced the technology used the coin. this section will assume the reader has strong technical background and familiar with many cryptocurrency projects and capabilities this space. eboost specifications coin characteristics status: proof work (premined) max supply: algorithm: scrypt mining reward: transaction fees block reward: block rate: minute average block retarget rate github: https://github.com/eboostcrypto/eboost build instructions: https://github.com/eboostcrypto/eboost/blob/master/doc/build-unix.txt eboost whitepaper eboost white paper technical standards eboost requirements careful attention was placed creating eboost with esports mind. for cryptocurrency successfully implemented esports needed have specific features not readily available from most cryptocurrencies. transaction fees for eboost are very low. trading coins between wallets are minimal and zero fees for trading within platform. example zero fees the discord platform where gamers can exchange ebst for fees. transaction speed for eboost transfers between wallets are near instantaneous. transaction confirmations due minute blocks, most trades are confirmed within minutes which useful many applications include in-game purchases, mobile games well over the counter trading. eboost whitepaper eboost white paper technical standards technical framework overview github submission framework steps submit pull request github create your own copy the code repository forking the original. while logged github and browsing the eboost repository locate and click the fork button the top right the page. your new personal repository will created. this point, you can make any modifications you wish and suggest them the parent repository you forked from. you can either clone the new forked repository your own computer edit files through the github ui. you don't have preferred git tool but you have git installed, the following command will clone the repository local directory: git clone make changes the required file your new forked repository. you want make simple changes things like readme files, you can easily this editing from github's website. so, locate the file you wish edit and click view it. then, locate the top right pen icon edit the file right the browser. make any changes you wish, add commit message, and click commit. you need make modifications files local cloned repository then after you're done making changes, don't forget commit the files: eboost whitepaper git add git commit commit message" and then push the changes your remote repository github: git push origin create pull request merge and incorporate your changes into the original repository. creating pull request allows upstream repositories (the original project you forked from) accept your suggestions for improvements and fixes. create new pull request, simply locate the green button your repository project page called new pull request and you'll presented with the list changes you've made your personal forked repository. the top the pull request, the base project the upstream repository which you forked from. the page will show full list changes each file diff) which you can review. proceed, click the green create pull request button and confirm the title and description. then just submit and you're done! your contribution will sent the eboost project team. eboost whitepaper technical rchitecture has been divided into multiple layers provide conceptual overview the intended design. distributed storage system comprised two layers: data storage based leveldb network layer operating ports for interoperability between applications and for connectivity between nodes. both ports can changed the eboost.conf file the daemon. block-chain layer independent decentralized platform where nodes can participate the consensus each block. any node can added removed without adverse effects the block-chain. application layer comprised apis that support the transfer coins between wallet addresses generate utxos. utxo model was used provide privacy protection and network efficiencies. understand further about utxo and the role they have block-chain applications http://earlz.net/view/////what-is-a-utxo-and-how-doesit platforms integrations: with flexibility mind, eboost being developed and improved provide interoperability between different platforms. imagine sending eboost coins from telegram game your playstation console, sending friend overseas eboost with your mobile phone via their username. social media: integration with discord, telegram and/or other webbased social media platforms will make eboost easily accessible and the preferred method for transferring value between users for transaction fee long transactions remain the respective social media platform. between users for transaction fee long transactions remain the respective social media platform. eboost whitepaper eboost white paper distribution eboost whitepaper eboost white paper eboost partners alaris new coin based around help devs create in-game used across multiple games and console. this platform will similar the eboost mobile platform but with much higher fidelity and with support. the partnership with this coin runs promotion that for every eboost you have, you will receive alaris. xtrfy major technology company sponsoring many esports clubs and tournaments. bcommerce- creator unbreakable coin operates dozens. mockit mockit esports hugely successful online esports platform and home many top esports teams. competing worldwide events such rlcs, halo world championships and the pubg pro league. bitrex bitrex.com the leading crypto currency exchange from eboost, bitcoin ethereum and many more crypto currencies. the site the most popular sites the world. ebst token began trading bittrex september and trades six figures daily transactions. mogs mogs formed group veteran mmo gamers help them elevate their skills the next level. mogs exists independent company, operating all processes from central offices ohio and continuing the philosophy was built on; gamers for gamers. coinpayments.net coinpayments.net merchant gateway and payment processor that allows transfer ebst tokens, you can also make off chain transactions well. eboost whitepaper eboost roadmap eboost whitepaper eboost whitepaper eboost whitepaper the eboost team ceo nicholas thomas continually provides business analysis and implements marketing strategies that keeps eboost path growth and prosperity the esports industry grows. co-founder crypto currency guru, longtime bitcoin miner, founder mockit that taking esports whole new level. marshall has creating countless successful projects cryptocurrency. many these have helped the entire industry thrive many levels. marshall long the eboost team cto ahmed bodiwala software engineering graduate, cryptocurrency developer, been crypto since has built various mining pools, exchanges, airdrops and online crypto facilities. leading all technology surrounding eboost. coo has led many successful projects all over the world crypto and esports. the overall director eboost, showing and implementing the paths and vision its audience and traders. chris baillie the eboost team enterprise integration nikhil mittal marketing guy with responsibility for marketing programs and moderating. entered cryptocurrency world which strengthened his passion learn blockchain fundamentals and for gaining valuable relationships. graphics and marketing currently law student and has been involved the blockchain space since (). can speak languages and the media and marketing team eboost. yakup kilic the eboost team marketing analyst parth patel currently pursuing study economics and international relations. has been passionate advocate blockchain since and the media and marketing team eboost. graphics and marketing lead social media director has wide background esports and social media management. behind the media and articles for eboost and esports news. hamilton gilpin the eboost advisors advisor seth shapiro with long list awards and certifications, shapiro visionary taking eboost the mainstream. has launched digital services and was the mastermind behind nfl sunday ticket. advisor has developed several tokens built the blockchain. built the eboost wallet, tokens proprietary blockchain specific for online gamer needs. now leads development team over engineers for eboost and alaris. jim blasko the eboost advisors legal advisor and international operations manager has provided legal services for many the top crypto currencies, new icos and business structures. provides legal counsel and strategy for eboost ensure compliance risk management. public relations true pioneer crypto currency investments well angel investor several bitcoin startups. provide and awareness for eboost the world quickly becomes keen esports. lion iruke michael terpin eboost whitepaper eboost white paper thank you thank you for your continued support our coin. the new goals and objectives eboost are set motion and forward great direction, getting the coin platform solve many industry problems. with new games being generated daily and new players gravitating the esports field, the future for esports and eboost very bright. new generation, hungry for entertainment, has found their fix and are adapting and thriving the crypto space. esports, gaming and crypto have symbiotic relationship and eboost aims the future this cohesion. from online esports stores, esports tickets, in-game item sales, and esports schooling fees; the opportunity for eboost, the trusted gamer coin, endless, prosperous and revolutionary. eboost whitepaper eboost white paper acknowledgements references: nakamoto satoshi (): bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. (http://www.bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf) earlz.net: what utxo, and how does work for blockchain ledger? (http://earlz.net/view/////what-is-a-utxo-and-how-does-it) important links support eboost website: https://eboost.fun twitter: https://twitter.com/eboostcoin telegram: https://t.me/eboostcoinchat reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/eboost facebook: https://facebook.com/groups/ discord: http://discord.gg/qyxdbb github: https://github.com/eboostcrypto/eboost eboost whitepaper disclaimer this document technical whitepaper setting out the current and future developments the eboost. this paper for information purposes only and not statement future intent. unless expressly specified otherwise, the products and innovations set out this paper are currently under development and are not currently deployment. eboost makes warranties representations the successful development implementation such technologies and innovations, achievement any other activities noted the paper, and disclaims any warranties implied law otherwise, the extent permitted law. the ebst tokens are not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice sell, any solicitation any offer the distributor/vendor the ebst tokens (the "distributor") purchase any ebst tokens nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the sale and purchase the ebst tokens and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. this whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination this whitepaper prohibited restricted. part this whitepaper reproduced, distributed disseminated without including this section. eboost whitepaper disclaimer neither eboost, the distributor nor any other person represents, warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance achievements eboost will discussed those forward-looking statements. the actual results, performance achievements eboost may differ materially from those anticipated these forward looking statements. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance policies eboost. further, eboost disclaim any responsibility update any those forward looking statements publicly announce any revisions those forward-looking statements reflect future developments, events circumstances, even new information becomes available other events occur the future. this whitepaper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, well market research, publicly available information and industry publications. such surveys, reports, studies, market research, publicly available information and publications generally state that the information that they contain has been obtained from sources believed reliable, but there can assurance the accuracy completeness such included information. while eboost have taken reasonable actions ensure that the information extracted accurately and its proper context, eboost have not conducted any independent review the information extracted from third party sources, verified the accuracy completeness such information ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. consequently, neither eboost, the distributor, nor their respective directors, executive officers and employees acting their behalf makes any representation warranty the accuracy completeness such information and shall not obliged provide any updates the same. eboost whitepaper disclaimer information this whitepaper should considered business, legal, and financial tax advice regarding eboost, the distributor, the ebst tokens, the eboost initial token sale (each referred the whitepaper). you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser regarding eboost and its respective business and operations, the ebst tokens, the eboost crowd sale (as referred the whitepaper). you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any purchase ebst tokens for indefinite period time. the distribution dissemination this whitepaper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws, regulatory requirements and rules any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable your possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without liability eboost. eboost.fun