eco: global currency protocol design proposal march overview eco designing global currency protocol, open source platform that not controlled any single individual, organization nation. eco aims create verified network global universities and reputable organizations help design, build and operate evenly distributed and cooperative financial infrastructure. the eco foundation will oversee design and implementation the protocol, creating new distributed payment platform with collective incentives for optimal energy efficiency. eco seeks create the most usable digital currency platform date, offering users alternative bitcoin, gold and fiat currency eco.com. motivation the rise virtual currency represents radical transformation how people store and transfer value. took less than ten years for cryptocurrencies become popular, compared hundreds years for paper money. currently, only money globally exists physical form; the vast majority money simply digital balance, ledger bank computer system. what people consider money often simply iou, virtual unit account system over which they have little control. within ten years, most people will own smartphone that can become their personal interface the financial world, distributing financial control far greater degree than today. new payment systems are needed that are not controlled central institution, and that provide better user experiences using mobile devices. mainstream adoption existing cryptocurrencies held back issues related complexity, usability and scalability. order for blockchain and digital currency technologies become mainstream and scale while preserving decentralized design, new platforms are needed that are easier use. future digital currency protocols that seek scale billions users must offer the stability asset like gold usd within simple mobile interfaces. history bitcoin, the most popular digital currency early has succeeded thus far due its elegant and innovative design. bitcoin was designed payment system, but has trended towards platform resembling digital gold, with value that cannot diluted single institution. bitcoin now held millions users, but often treated speculative investment rather than used medium-of-exchange. three issues with bitcoin are the concentration resources the hands few, the large amount energy consumed the system, and its perception complex and unsafe platform. bitcoin does create digital asset the form scarce digital coins that have shared perception value. however, the emergence large mining pools has led uncertainty around long-term governance, and small number entities now control mining capacity. future digital currencies should more evenly distributed, broadly allocated and energy efficient. the eco protocol eco's mission create open, verified and distributed platform for value exchange, global currency protocol that enables payment system that easier, safer, and faster use than paper money. addition, eco will ensure that the majority the economic value generated the platform fairly distributed the community through accounts created eco.com, create more balanced distribution resources. eco seeks address three issues within digital currencies: verification network nodes, usability applications, and efficiency transactions. eco makes significant improvements forming verified network, where universities run nodes, increasing overall token supply, and creating simple web and mobile apps, and designing system with more energy-efficient and coordinated token generation, reduce overall power consumption. verified nodes the bitcoin network assumes nodes cannot trusted, since any node can join the network any time. contrast, payment platforms such credit card networks rely single trusted party clear transactions, and require trust all nodes. eco targets different approach, where distributed nodes are run verified organizations with collective incentive maintain the network. the eco network will focus partnerships with universities build the eco platform, leveraging the broad expertise found within academic institutions. the eco protocol designed create and maintain evenly decentralized network. the eco foundation will verify the identity the initial nodes help bootstrap the network across broad geographic distribution. the network will initially accept approximately few hundred nodes, targeting universities across nations. this group can then expand more organizations based transparent nomination and acceptance (for example verified nodes) until most geographies have several operational nodes. efficiency bitcoin mining very energy intensive process due the design the protocol. bitcoin's worker-lottery approach distributing new tokens was designed make economically costly for any single participant take control the network. hash rate has increased, the proof-of-work algorithm has grown consume large amounts electricity, and small number entities now control the majority mining power. eco will avoid mining unknown parties, and have verified nodes distribute block rewards other nodes and users. instead node keeping all the block reward, the majority will immediately distributed all other verified nodes and qualified users, remove any financial incentive game the system. since the network will grow gradual manner only elected, verified organizations, network hash rate can kept consistent across cooperating nodes. this will enable eco consume much less electricity while maintaining integrity the system, since computational effort creates collective benefit across the network. incentives the eco network operates based collective incentive, rather than individual reward. when block successfully mined, tokens are evenly distributed all other nodes immediately. the financial motivation increase hashing power removed, since reward distributed all other nodes. the motivation for the node operator becomes provide just enough hash power verify that transactions are valid within collectively agreed upon level maximum latency. thus the platform becomes collectively motivated achieve optimal energy efficiency. each node will have visibility into all other nodes using block-explorer and system stats accessible eco.com/node/name, and lazy nodes that not meet the agreed upon service requirements can removed from the pool nodes eligible for receiving rewards. additionally, since all nodes have aligned incentives the protocol will encourage cooperation and collaboration when making decisions. usability usability critical the adoption new technology platform. eco seeks set new standard terms comprehension, brand perception and interaction design provide the best possible user experience. many cryptocurrencies developed date have been primarily technology projects, written developers for developers, and have not prioritized the usability and understandability their systems. the perceived complexity and risk using most platforms limits mainstream adoption, and simplicity not core value most projects. eco aims reach the simplicity and ubiquity system such mpesa within kenya, but with global availability. eco will prioritize simplicity and ease-of-use all design decisions, help accelerate platform adoption and network effects. eco.com will enable users create verified accounts, and profiles such eco.com/alice eco.com/bob will formed enable usage such "send eco bob" via interfaces like texting voice command. the eco foundation plans invest community projects and applications, which will available eco.com/apps. grants will initially overseen platform committee appointed the foundation board directors. scalability eco will start with larger blocksizes and shorter blocktimes than bitcoin, enabled fast network servers. targeting initial confirmation time less than minute, eco will enable fast transactions with low fees. our goal initial transactional capacity approximately transactions per second, facilitating faster payment network for use-cases like remittance and wire transfers. within few years, eco aims achieve capacity transactions per second using transaction sharding, where transactions are directed specific shards for acceptance and validation, instead the whole network validating the same transaction. transaction sharding will combine principles decentralization, identity attestation, trust and reputation within system verified nodes that establish and maintain the network. token allocation beyond creating resilient open financial system, eco seeks reduce the inequality that currently exists the distribution digital currency. eco plans algorithmically allocate tokens its community over several years, ensuring that value created distributed fairly over time. eco plans distribute the token supply the first billion unique, verified human users the platform (with equitable demographic and geographic representation) allocate value created large community users. will allocated verified nodes (partner universities) and their network researchers and developers. will held the eco foundation fund operations and community grants, and active contributors and advisors. the remaining will allocated strategic partners worldwide. properly executed, this token allocation strategy will accelerate platform adoption and network effects, and help achieve gradual reduction economic inequality across the globe. instead rewarding anonymous miners, eco will give the majority its value created billions users around the world. this can help more than two billion people developing nations gain improved access financial services, and achieve more balanced distribution resources. monetary policy eco aims become medium-of-exchange well store-of-value, with sufficient token supply provide good system usability. instead fixing monetary supply arbitrary level, eco aims increase the token supply gradually proportion its market capitalization, help maintain reasonable token prices increasing supply incrementally. order enable billions users eventually own many eco tokens each, initial supply trillion tokens will generated over several years. this will enable future user have hundreds eco their account, instead very small fraction more scarce token. for example, future user would find much easier pay .-eco for something than .-btc. one eco token will divisible into parts, mimic the familiar concepts dollars and cents. this will increase overall system usability, reducing the cognitive load dealing with very small fractions. further research needed into the best mechanism for algorithmic distribution new tokens, but principle half tokens created should given unique, verified human users over period several years. new tokens are issued the future beyond the supply trillion, eco seeks maintain the policy distributing end-users, fair algorithmic manner. with algorithm designed minimize volatility, eco should eventually reach sufficient price stability function daily-use currency. this would eventually enable eco function both medium-of-exchange and store-of-value. governance technology will improve over time, and eco systems will upgraded they scale. eco will collaborate with broad group experts ensure continuous improvements are made timely manner based community feedback. initially, diverse board directors will design version the protocol, and invite network verified nodes run the software. new directors may approved majority vote existing directors, and will rotate every few years based expertise needed during the next phase growth. the eco foundation will initially use off-chain governance processes currently employed large public organizations, ensure team experts can iterate system design with public oversight. the directors will set special committees expert contributors, with the most knowledgeable foundation director committee chair. these committee chairs will coordinate collaboration the eco forum, for design planning and policy discussions. independent audit committees will elected the foundation directors, who will have full transparency into the systems all network nodes, and report all findings the public. eco will take empirical approach governance, iterating over time become more decentralized and more robust system adoption increases. eco becomes more popular, governance processes will migrate into the protocol itself, using weighted-reputation voting mechanisms achieve full system selfgovernance within few years. progressive decentralization will allow new ideas tested and verified before being widely distributed, and will allow eco gradually achieve the topology global mesh network. the eco foundation the eco foundation independent, non-profit organization creating open-source, decentralized financial system. the mission the eco foundation develop global currency protocol that evenly distributed and extremely robust. eco was created with the belief that effective digital currencies have the potential give greater financial control and independence billions people. the eco foundation will guide the development the eco protocol, with transparent governance and continual improvement. eco the early stages system design, and aims collaborate with researchers and developers worldwide. you are expert technology, security, economics, governance, policy design and are interested helping build eco into global currency, please email contributors@eco.com. universities, open-source projects, companies and non-profits who are interested partnering with eco can email partners@eco.com for more information. you have feedback eco, please send ideas and suggestions feedback@eco.com.