revolutionizing real estate with cryptocurrency. whitepaper |page abstract ecoreal estate project- decentralized platform for buying selling real estate around the world. embodies convenient and multifunctional tool for searching and acquiring property (hereinafter the the the >). ecoreal platform acts highly qualified intermediary between the seller (hereinafter the and the buyer (hereinafter the (together referred the real estate market. ecoreal source information about unique, constantly replenishing offers the real estate market from around the world. ecoreal's objective introduce cryptocurrencies into this overly regulated market facilitate transactions global scale. plan achieving this through utilization the core principles the blockchain: fairness, ecoreal estate token accessibility, transparency and trust. this will allow operate our clients' best interest, essentially guaranteeing them entry into domestic markets that are traditionally restricted foreign crypto market participants while enabling them contribute the sustainable development local communities. are creating new model economic relations the real estate market. believe, ecoreal's next generation platform will revolutionize and democratize property development globally facilitating participants the platform capitalize their cryptocurrency. marketplace new technologies always bring new market opportunities. the best practices the development decentralized applications that served the basis for the creation the project. project provides participants with the market opportunity, the one side, search the property for the buyers and, the other side, for the sellers find appropriate purchasers for their premises. thanks blockchain technology, project participants can easily and unhinderedly execute transactions with the real estate. the same time, confidentiality and data protection are ensured the blockchain technology used the project. the project stable and constantly developing, this contributes the gradual improvement the project services and ensuring its further comfortable use. key features the system: search the selection promising premises for further transactions the first task that strive resolve. any participant the platform will able choose suitable property for herself. obtaining information about contractors settlement system talk about transnational settlements, the issue the availability convenient and reliable payment instruments especially acute. inflation, the ratio exchange rates and domestic regulators only exacerbate the problem. bitcoin experience and blockchain technology have already proven that they can help with the solution this problem. currently, there are more than digital currencies with their advantages and disadvantages. |page ecoreal includes its own payment unit ecoreal estate token within the marketplace. participants the marketplace founders (hereinafter also the they service the system, ensure its functioning and operability, and monitor the security the system. buyers individual legal entity participating the project with the aim gaining access offers the real estate market and purchasing the property. sellers organization individual engaged real estate assignment. the platform rules not contain any restrictions related the geographical location for the buyers sellers. consequently, transactions can carried out through ecoreal estate token from anywhere the world. project prerequisites today, the real estate market provides great opportunities for improving and implementing blockchain technology. the prerequisites for the creation the project are numerous real estate problems. currently, the following core problems exist the market: real estate regulations are prohibitive and limit the potential pool market participants; lack participants the market and lack access information about real estate; lack efficient tools for the search sellers and buyers. one the biggest differentiators between real estate and other major asset classes liquidity. real estate markets are not organized efficient other markets, which results slow transaction times and less efficient price discovery mechanisms. the project aimed high-quality resolution certain problems existing the real estate markets: the platform allows each member unhindered access projects date information the real estate market. the platform interface very convenient use. allows each participant find quickly the property she interested in. thanks blockchain technology, all data entered and used the participants carefully protected from illegal use third parties. create secure database with distributed registry, where each transaction encrypted and private. one, except for the participants -way interaction has access the information. the platform has territorial restrictions. thanks this, participants can easily carry out transactions from anywhere the world. confidentiality. will create secure database with distributed registry. traditional vs. crypto the traditional real estate market channels offer certain degree stability, but they are slow, expensive and cumbersome. with much crypto capital waiting distributed the real estate market, becoming clear that people need safe, quick and functional alternative allow for greater diversification across the market. |page solution leveraging our industry expertise, the power blockchain and the potential the seamless integration cryptocurrency markets, ecoreal provides safe, transparent and secure venue for cryptocurrency holders ecoreal token diversify their opportunities. ecoreal platform protocol for: establishment high-quality economic interaction between the real estate market participants; exchange data and information between platform participants; making secure transactions from anywhere the world; empowerment participants interested the development and earnings the real estate market. the advantages the platform are: availability; high performance; continuous development and improvement; functioning based blockchain technology. ecoreal organization the organizers the platform are constantly looking for new solutions improve the project. addition, many resources are used daily ensure the functioning the platform. the organizers receive fixed percentage each completed, through the platform, transaction transaction. can concluded that the percentage charged the organizers the platform for each transaction transaction specific fee for the right use the platform. platform`s work all operations with ecoreal estate token are carried out members exclusively within the platform. this necessary ensure the security and transparency transactions, well the fight against crime and corruption. any actions members and sellers are governed the rules the platform. so, the interaction the parties the basis the platform carried out through ecoreal estate token. the platform token acts unit exchange. our goal ecoreal brings revolutionary way for people get access transactions opportunities using blockchain technology allow for the fast, efficient and secure transfer funds. combining the potential with the borderless transaction capabilities cryptocurrencies want build authentic and genuine marketplace experience for the sellers and buyers that caters the modern lifestyle. token description the ecoreal estate token represents the internal points the marketplace ecosystem which participants may undertake transactions. |page ecoreal estate token (hereinafter the does not serve official mean payment outside the platform`s marketplace. the token bears only the function internal unit exchange between the participants acting within the marketplace. ecoreal token parameters token: name: ecoreal token issued ecoreal for this project: token shortcut: project protocol: global token ecoreal estate token ,,, ecoreal ecoreal ecoreal erc project token value the value the token ensured constant influx funds received due the activity participants within the project and the emergence new participants. mining ecoreal tokens are not mineable. financial model the economic model ecoreal estate token built transactions made between project participants. the ecoreal project aims creating the strong and reliable relationships between trusted members and that prospective. so, the platform allows the participant from anywhere the world obtain free access real estate market offers and the subsequent support transactions the platform within our marketplace. through ecoreal estate token, project participants can freely make transactions with trusted sellers, study real estate market offers, and receive extensive data any project registered the project. ecoreal estate token turnover scenario: the platform participants purchase ecoreal estate token internally; platform tokens are spent internally the system for: buying renting verification counterparties; sellers provide their services exchange for project tokens. blockchain overview and benefits the main benefit for the adoption crypto payments the traditional real estate market are: speed processing. many countries, real estate development can take more than month. where the purchase involves kyc and traditional loan application, this period can extend several months. these timelines exclude the buyer's search for asset the market. takes extended periods finalize transactions because the processes involved collecting, verifying and authenticating documentations from different databases. |page cut costs. making real estate transactions transparent and fast, transactions the blockchain can also reduce the costs involved. this possible through the elimination third-party services used traditional financial institutions. reduced fraud. even with long and cumbersome processes verification, fraud common problem the real estate market. acts fraud are committed purchasers, sellers, developers, and even financing agents. ultimately, ecoreal will facilitate the capitalization the vast cryptocurrency wealth introducing into already existing and fully developed business model, thus enabling quicker, safer transfer capital oversees tangible assets high roi market. our innovative model will allow for the democratization the uses cryptocurrency, taking out the blockchain and facilitating its integration with existing, high valuation markets. taking blockchain's underlying technology and moving into the 'real world', ecoreal allowing for the movement money through the blockchain make more mainstream. what more, ecoreal increases liquidity and control wealth transfer for the benefit local and international communities. risk factors participation the project involves certain risks. prospective participants should carefully consider, with their own independent financial and other professional advisors, the following risk factors considerations, well all the other information contained this white paper before deciding acquire ecoreal estate tokens. prospective participants shall ensure that they fully understand the nature the ecoreal estate token well the extent their exposure risks associated with participation the project. the risk factors set out below represents summary the principal risks associated with participation the project: property market may experience possible downturn this lack liquidity may affect the ability the participants dispose acquire properties timely fashion and satisfactory prices response changes economic, real estate market other conditions. while the founders the project monitors and updates its strategy reflect market conditions, the current economic conditions could materially and adversely affect the ability the sellers dispose the properties. the founders the platform may not identify all risks and liabilities whilst the management the platform have large amount experience the property acquisition and development industry there can guarantee that they estimated all the risks and possess all the skills necessary order carry out the strategies the the platform. risk changes regulation the founder will under duty comply with any new rules, regulations and laws applicable real estate market, including changes planning laws and environmental factors. approvals, licences and permits are, practical matter, subject the discretion the applicable governments governmental offices. the founder must comply with existing standards, laws and regulations that may entail greater lesser costs and delays, depending the nature the activity permitted and the permitting authority. new laws and regulations could have material adverse impact the founder's results operations and financial condition. the founder's intended activities will dependent upon the |page grant and maintenance appropriate licences, leases, permits and regulatory consents which could subsequently withdrawn made subject limitations. there can assurance that they will granted, renewed or, so, what terms. operational risk operational risk and losses can result from external and internal failures inadequacies, failure comply with regulatory requirements and conduct business rules, natural disasters the failure external systems, for example, those the issuer's contractual counterparties. terrorist acts, other acts war hostility and geopolitical, pandemic other such events may result economic and political uncertainties which could have material adverse effect local and international economic conditions and more specifically the founder's results operations, financial condition prospects. dependence key personnel the founder's future performance and success substantially dependent the continued services and continuing contributions its directors and senior management. although the founder has contractual arrangements secure the services the directors, the retention these services cannot guaranteed. the loss the services any the founder's executive officers senior management could have material adverse effect the founder's business. the founder's future success will also depend its ability attract and retain additional suitably qualified and experienced employees. there can guarantee that the founder will able attract and retain such employees, and failure could have material adverse effect the financial condition, results operations the founder. overseas taxation the founder may subject taxes under the tax rules the jurisdictions with whom interacts. although the founder will endeavour minimise any such taxes this may affect the performance the business which may affect the founder's ability provide returns token holders. changes tax legislation practice statements this document concerning the taxation ecoreal estate token holders the founderare based international tax law and practice the date this document. any changes the tax status the founder tax legislation practice (in jurisdictions which the founder acts), could affect the projects. risk damage reputation and negative publicity the founder's ability retain existing management contracts and client relationships and attract new business dependent the maintenance its reputation. the founder vulnerable adverse market perception operates industry where high level integrity and client trust paramount importance. any perceived, actual alleged mismanagement, fraud failure satisfy the founder's responsibilities, the negative publicity resulting from such activities the allegation third party such activities (whether well founded not) associated with the founder, could have material adverse effect the financial condition, results operations the founder. litigation legal proceedings may arise from time time the course the founder's businesses. the directors cannot preclude that litigation may brought against the founder and that such |page litigation could have material adverse effect the financial condition the participants the project. team ahmed muhammad khammas: with vast experience over years various industries, the eldest son one the pioneer and well-known khammas family dubai, uae. they are entrepreneurs contribution and growth the country for nearly two centuries the diversified sectors pharmaceuticals, contracting, manufacturing, fmcg, real estate, trading, health care, hotels and media. ahmed the award recipient from meeras with whom directly associated with. has successfully closed several blue-chip assets the mena region. syed ahmed: cumulative experience over years various fields entrepreneurship, commodities trading, and business consultancy. depth knowledge and skills management, financial controlling, marketing, real estate investment development; and other growth profit generating business. well connected with the royal private offices the mena region addition some the most successful companies owned reputable families the gulf. direct access government and private offices india and can bridge relationships. manoj kumar jain: profession charted accountant with experience years. founding team member television news channel. owned and operated factory plastic consumer durables and trader nonferrous metals. has experience plus years the real estate industry alongside his professional career. has successfully developed and sold several commercial and residential assets. has direct access pan india distressed real estate. dr. lakshmi rayalu medical graduate from armed forces medical college (afmc) pune, india and licensed physician and surgeon philadelphia, pennsylvania, california, usa and pan india operate medical equipment gynecological and urological procedures. senior gynecologist having worked the united states for over years and performed over major surgeries and consultant gyn, she brings knowledge, expertise, experience, and full team highly trained doctors and nurses specialized fields. she was the chief resident and registrar leicester hospital, uk. and house sunderland general hospital, uk. bharath nandam serial entrepreneur. has got more than years entrepreneurial experience and trusts evangelistic entrepreneurship approach. holds bachelor's degree electrical engineering from jntu-h and fellowship program viral marketing and crafting contagious content from wharton school business, pennsylvania, usa with ongoing master's business law. sold his first startup when was yrs old and successfully took exit and now run digital advertising agency called "think plus creatives". with strong belief and passion for entrepreneurship with interest public speaking, strives achieve his goal the advertising industry disrupt the digital marketing industry with unique approach. |page also heads team professionals who are from app development, block chain technology, media content, digital advertising and product promotion. secured funders should note that the ecoreal estate tokens, even being owners the asset, might, owners, rank equally behind with any debts the project the issuer. there hard guarantee that the founder will able pay them. denial responsibility this document provided the recipient for informational purposes only. for the avoidance doubt, this whitepaper and any material this document that may not exhaustive does not imply any contractual relationship obligation any kind. some the statements, estimates and financial information contained this document may forward-looking statements information. such forecasts involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events results differ materially. the recipient this whitepaper agrees that ecoreal not liable for any direct indirect loss resulting from any action decision taken based the information contained this document. final provisions this white paper available several languages. the information contained herein may from time time translated into other languages used the process written oral communication with potential ecoreal estate token holders. during such translation editing, part the information contained this document may lost, damaged distorted. the accuracy such alternative versions whitepaper cannot guaranteed. the event conflict between the original version whitepaper english and its alternative versions other languages, the english version whitepaper shall prevail. the founder and founders token taha limited registration number: ic// rakftz, uae lei:viba vat (trn): suite harti building mina road, bur dubai p.o. box dubai, united arab emirates. |page