effect network: decentralized network for artificial intelligence rev-. eisses, jesse verspeek, laurens dawe, chris jesse@effect.ai laurens@effect.ai chris@effect.ai dijkstra, sjoerd sjoerd@effect.ai june abstract the artificial intelligence (ai) market growing remarkable rate but has become more inaccessible than ever. the requirement for large annotated datasets and complex technical infrastructure has driven development behind the closed doors corporations. this paper introduces open, decentralized network called effect.ai that provides services the market. the network replaces several existing services and requires fees, has low barrier entry and provides fast growth the industry. this accomplished three platforms that run the neo blockchain and are fueled network token called efx. the first platform marketplace for tasks that require human intelligence. allows anyone the world perform tasks for fair payment and gives businesses access large workforce human intelligence. the second platform decentralized registry services described rich ontology. this platform any algorithm can accessed service unified manner and has convenient way recieve payment. the last platform provides decentralized, distributed computational platform that can run popular deep learning frameworks. the effect this network will define the future relationship between humans and ai. effect network: decentralized network for artificial intelligence rev-. contents introduction blockchain artificial intelligence problem statement solution effect.ai the community driven effect network efx tokens and the effect galaxy pool effect reputation score galaxy allowance governance improvement proposals effect council implementation phase effect.ai force requesters workers tasks data sets privacy phase effect.ai smart market application registry endpoints phase effect.ai power conclusion page effect network: decentralized network for artificial intelligence rev-. whether are based carbon silicon makes fundamental difference; should each treated with appropriate respect. arthur clarke introduction artificial intelligence (ai) progressing rapidly and has already caused many different effects. see applications everywhere look; from phones autonomous vehicles biotechnology, has become ubiquitous. often considered the key component the fourth industrial revolution []. like the revolutions that preceded it, the fourth industrial revolution has the potential raise global income levels and improve the quality life for populations around the world. however, the revolution could yield greater inequality well, particularly its potential disrupt labor markets automation substitutes labor across the entire economy []. consider, for example, when entire workforces were laid off when pinhead factories started incorporating machines their fabrication process. similar, though far larger threat looms due new advances development. bill gates had the idea tax labor performed ai-algorithms, compensate for the loss jobs many sectors this idea seemed science fiction the time, but the concept can realized the effect network, decentralized network for ai. effect.ai brings ai-algorithms open and proven decentralized platform, powered the blockchain and accessible all. blockchain blockchain decentralized data store that can contain arbitrary logic and processes, without the need for trusted central party. blockchain was first proposed the bitcoin whitepaper satoshi nakamoto, []. since then the https://qz.com//bill-gates-the-robot-that-takes-your-job-should-pay-taxes/ page effect network: decentralized network for artificial intelligence rev-. technology has been applied many areas, and has had disruptive influence the markets banking, insurance, real-estate, name few. decentralized applications have some unique properties like transparency and fixed history. propose protocol that decentralizes the global market ai; which lowers the barrier for entry, stimulates market growth and greatly reduces usage cost. neo neo (i) the use blockchain technology and digital identity digitize assets, and (ii) the use smart contracts for digital assets self- managed. this establishes, what called, smart economy with distributed network hence, it's smart contracts ecosystem, similar ethereum []. nep tokens are tokens that are managed smart contracts the neo blockchain. most existing neo projects use nep token (e.g. redpulse qlink and deepbrain chain nep describes the protocol that these tokens conform to, the effect.ai efx token does well. artificial intelligence intelligence displayed machines, contrast with the natural intelligence (ni) displayed humans and other animals. computer science defined the study "intelligent agents": any device that perceives its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance success some goal. the past five years there has been rapid growth the number practical applications. smart services like self-driving cars, face and voice recognition mobile phones, and image translation are getting central place everyday life. the increase applications can explained the advances machine learning (ml), computer vision (cv), and natural language processing (nlp) research, well the ready availability cloud computing. this has resulted large adoption the industry and the birth billiondollar-economy around smart applications. while academic achievements are http://docs.neo.org/en-us/index.html https://coin.red-pulse.com/ https://www.qlink.mobi/ https://www.deepbrainchain.org/ page effect network: decentralized network for artificial intelligence rev-. available the public most intelligent algorithms are developed behind the closed doors large corporations. propose private, decentralized ecosystem called the effect.ai network (effect network the network designed develop the phases shown fig. and operates fully smart contracts deployed turing-complete blockchain. token distribution event phase force community efx galaxy pool smart market phase reputation council system governance phase power figure development roadmap for the effect network problem statement despite the advantages brings there are number problems that have dealt with, especially regarding the research and development technology. these problems can broadly categorized into three areas that currently make research and development difficult perform. data processing the first problem that data processing. intelligent ap- plications perform tasks that traditionally require human feedback. such tasks involve processing unstructured data and finding patterns that can provide useful output. these applications are trained large data sets with annotations. page effect network: decentralized network for artificial intelligence rev-. obtaining annotated data set non-trivial and requires lot time and resources. diverging tasks the second problem that currently makes hard practice that diverging tasks. obstacle when developing complex algorithm the need interact with parts the world outside the current domain. for example: self-driving car learning steer will also need identify road signs around the world. this situation can best treated knowledge system where the classification the sign done external application. this quickly increases the complexity application. computational costs the last main problem the computational cost algorithms. developing and training systems most cases computational intensive and thus expensive task. requires technical infrastructure capable processing large amounts data, doing batched processing graphics processing units (gpus) and coordinating the results. solution effect.ai decentralized ledger like the blockchain provides direct link between supply and demand which can greatly mitigate these problems. the transparency that blockchain offers will boost discoverability the network, resulting high degree collaboration and data sharing between agents. also increases knowledge diversity and makes more affordable sharing costs. around this vision the effect network designed. like other decentralized applications, effect.ai directly connects supply and demand without the need for intermediary party. more specific, the effect network will establish the following: accessibility. directly linking supply and demand through our microtasking platform effect.ai force (ef) will make training algorithms easier, faster and cheaper (section this will enable users who not have access large dataset big network train their algorithm. page effect network: decentralized network for artificial intelligence rev-. accuracy. the effect.ai smart market (esm) exchange with rich ontology specialist applications. individual applications are able find each other buy sell information, specified section through this exchange, users can use data sets with significantly higher complexities train their algorithms. performance. users can enrich their existing datasets purchasing services from algorithms the esm (section they can setup new datasets creating micro-tasks the platform (section enabling users build datasets quickly and accurately they can immediately use these datasets train algorithms. interoperability. putting the algorithms the blockchain and creating communication standard which these algorithms have comply to, can truly decentralize and achieve interoperability between individual ais (section the combination multiple algorithms will result powerful capabilities and emergent intelligence that single algorithm can achieve its own. the network will deployed consecutive phases, allowing adaptation and development the network grow together. the phases cover independent market sections but are interconnected our network model and are all fueled the same token; the efx token. the rest the effect.ai whitepaper structured follows. the effect network will outlined section hereafter, section section and section will detail the three different phases for the development the effect network chronological order. the whitepaper will concluded section page effect network: decentralized network for artificial intelligence rev-. alone cannot change the world, but can cast stone across the waters create many ripples.. mother teresa the community driven effect network the effect network can deployed and used decentralized application as-is. however, order for the network grow and sustainable, believe there has form governance. participants should have incentive use the efx token for the purpose tasks. investors looking for quick monetary gain should discouraged and pump-and-dump schemes should avoided order for the network grow and slowly take market value from the existing centralized services. the effect.ai galaxy pool (egp) will outlined section .a. thereafter, section will explain the reputation mechanism the network. the effect.ai galaxy allowance (ega) will outlined section .c, section details the governance system, section dedicated the improvement proposal system, and section explains the council formation. this section will finish with blockchain implementation specifics the neo and gas platform section .g. efx tokens and the effect galaxy pool important maintain liquidity efx tokens, especially during the early days when there listing exchanges. ideally the following actions should always possible: workers are able sell their efx rewards for native tokens requesters and network users should able buy efx for new token the market this kind liquidity can hard achieve and can hurt speculative trading. the effect.ai network (effect network page effect network: decentralized network for artificial intelligence rev-. will maintain central pool tokens provide liquidity, encourage adoption and stabilize network fees. this pool called the effect.ai galaxy pool (egp) and consists mix efx and native tokens. several rules will drive the egp towards equilibrium. these rules can later refined means governance discussed section .d. external exchanges external exchanges efx efx requesters services (galaxy) efx effect.ai interface (smart contracts) neo, gas nep galaxy efx crowdsale funds efx galaxy pool workers users efx neo, gas nep efx donations neo, gas efx governance platform figure diagram the governance model and construction the effect.ai galaxy pool the egp ensures stable exchange rates for users the network all times. the pool not suitable for day traders, only galaxy-efx tokens (g-efx) can bought. any g-efx bought from the egp can not sold back the egp. g-efx washed (converted regular efx token) spending through effect.ai service contract (esc). these are the smart contracts that processs the transactions tasks and the service registry. this protects the egp from external manipulation and keeps exchange rates stable for all page effect network: decentralized network for artificial intelligence rev-. g-efx neo blocks figure total amount g-efx for blocks the neo blockchain agents the network. assure requesters will not have overflow g-efx will gradually expire and flow back the egp over time. eq. shows how g-efx flows back every blocks the blockchain. g-efx g-efx, bcurrent blast. g-efx g)i otherwise g-efx where g-efx the new wallets' total from the original transaction, are blocks the neo blockchain, the backflow factor defined the effect council, and the number blocks that have past for the function activate. bcurrent blast. short denotes the number blocks since the last time the g-efx was decreased. this ensures, for requesters, there seamless payment for the esc with native tokens, such neo, gas, and other nep tokens. page effect network: decentralized network for artificial intelligence rev-. other measures that will undertaken order maintain healthy liquidity the effect network keep the egp stable, especially the first phase the development, are the implementation beneficial exchange rates between efx tokens and the native tokens neo, gas, and nep tokens. this means that requesters will have pay less native tokens use effect services, and that workers will recieve more native tokens exchange for their recieved efx tokens. the future, when cross-chain trading techniques are more common blockchain, other tokens (e.g. btc and eth) can added the egp. effect reputation score users the effect network are rewarded for the amount effort and work they do. this could allow malevolent users gain wealth submitting large quantities work with poor quality []. avoid users submitting work with bad quality, the network will appraise users their quality work. users that put good effort will get higher effect.ai reputation score (ers), and users that put poor effort will get lower ers. this score will gradually expire over time. workers with higher ers will able apply for higher rewarding tasks than workers with lower score. furthermore, workers with higher, rather than lower, ers will have pay lower fee over their recieved efx tokens the egp. ers credited users ad-hoc when they are rated for good work. there are two ways this can happen: the task owner can add ground truth known answer ratings examples. worker rates example similar the ground truth provide the task owner, they are rewarded ers, else they lose this score. ground truth examples are stored encrypted the blockchain and the decryption key shared the requester after the task has expired. thus the rating takes place after task expiration time. workers that deliver similar work and performance the same human page effect network: decentralized network for artificial intelligence rev-. intelligence tasks (hit) (section are credited with ers. this done periodically and random. workers that consequently give deviant feedback are subtracted ers. the ers function represented eq. (). let (t) the degradation function positive scores, and negative scores, over time. let set positive score-time entries and set negative score-time entries ers pi,score (pi,time ni,score (ni,time where the total number positive evaluations, and the total number negative evaluations. the weight factor for negative scores that governed (section .d) maintain healthy and effective workforce effect.ai. now, found linear degradation (t), and weight assures best results our simulations. galaxy allowance another use case the galaxy pool provide liquidity the supply side efx. earlier saw how "consumers" services can purchase g-efx which only spendable effect service contracts. similar way "producers" services are able sell efx the egp fixed rates. the rates can profitable compared market, this exchange must restricted contributors the network. accomplish this introduce galaxy allowance. any person algorithm the network that earns efx tokens from esc, gets equal amount effect.ai galaxy allowance (ega). ega can used sell amount efx tokens the egp very profitable rate. this rate maintained the effect.ai council (section .f) through voting. this way workers and algorithms are not dependent market fluctuation efx tokens they can always sell their earning stable rates. the general effect.ai exchange protocol reflected eq. (), eq. (), and eq. (). the exchange page effect network: decentralized network for artificial intelligence rev-. rates cneo cgas and cnep remain constant until the effect.ai council changes them. neo cneo efx gas cgas efx nep cnep efx governance the blockchain immutable nature, yet the effect network has able continuously adapt market and research developments. this means the network needs mechanism apply changes its components when necessary. there are two types changes that can applied. firstly, there are the variables defined smart contracts (scs) that can change over time. examples scs' variables that can change over time are the exchange rates the egp and the fees over service transactions. secondly, the smart contracts themselves need changeable with sufficient agreement: introducing new scs like new task types and amending existing contracts will necessary the future. the effect network decentralized there can not single person organization authoring these changes. fix this, the network has governance system that allows prominent people the community propose and vote for improvements explained section .e. right vote first acquired selected individuals discussed section .f. improvement proposals both smart contracts and service variable adjustments should submitted improvement proposal system. each proposal contains logic for adjusting parts the ecosystem. proposal only executed majority the council members voted favor within time limit. page effect network: decentralized network for artificial intelligence rev-. effect council the effect.ai council (ec) group individuals that are allowed cast vote improvement proposals. this council dynamic size; one can leave the group any time and new members can join they are approved the majority. the council members are responsible continuously apply changes the network can adapt the dynamic market. implementation this section contains examples how the platform would function when built the neo blockchain. neo blockchain that uses delegate byzantine fault tolerance (dbft) consensus and features turing-complete scs. also has features for user identification and file storage that make very suitable host for the effect network galaxy pool: neo and gas neo there are two native tokens: neo and gas. gas utility token used for paying network fees. these are fees associated with deploying and executing smart contracts. neo acts share the platform; holding neo gives payout gas from network usage. this setup, the egp should hold combination efx, neo and gas function correctly. the neo used payout workers stable exchange rate and increase the gas stake collecting dividend. neo indivisible the rate should defined efx neo the gas used pay any network fees users the network, workers will not have exchange use the platform. the gas also used deploy new smart contracts and amend existing smart contracts. this crucial the effect network will developing all the time. page effect network: decentralized network for artificial intelligence rev-. there are great limits growth because there are limits human intelligence, imagination, and wonder. ronald reagan phase effect.ai force the effect.ai force (ef) platform decentralized, peer-to-peer marketplace for tasks that require human intelligence. provides similar features centralized services like amazon mechanical turk fiverr crowdsource and guru.com crowdsourcing technology that enables requesters (section .a) submit tasks that can completed human agents exchange for compensation. workers (section .b) can accept tasks from requesters any time, anywhere and from any device. the tasks are called human intelligence tasks (hit). the providers the hits are called requesters. when worker completes hit, they are paid with cryptographic efx tokens. requesters requesters can put tasks (see section .c) the platform completed workers. the requesters can decide how many efx the workers will get for each completed task. the requesters can retrieve the results from the platform and use these results to, for example: train their artificial intelligence (ai) algorithm. gives requesters access on-demand, scalable and distributed workforce. workers workers can complete the tasks from the requesters exchange for the efx tokens tied these hits (see section .c). https://www.mturk.com/ https://www.fiverr.com/ https://www.crowdsource.com/ https://www.guru.com/ page effect network: decentralized network for artificial intelligence rev-. requester interface submit deposit upload decentralized file storage fetch files worker interface register tasks payout submit work invoke job contract approve work task contracts figure process submitting tasks the effect force tasks hit task represents piece work that has been submitted requester, and can accepted workers that match its requirements. each task points data set that can contain any amount media assets. the contract the task will validate the format the data. extracting and presenting examples from the data set done the user interface. task has least the properties shown table the structure and required feedback for task defined the contract and the blueprint. each type task requires smart contract handle interaction. effect.ai maintains database deployed smart contracts make easy for requesters and workers interact with the network. adding smart contracts the network handled through governance (section .d). affiliate programs will cover costs deploying new contract types. page effect network: decentralized network for artificial intelligence property data set description contract blueprint required ers reward num. ratings rating timeout expiration sequence data credentials rev-. description url description the task smart contract that will handle task data for the contract require trusted users rewarded efx upon completion number ratings per user timeout performing rating block after which task expires for sequencing examples (optional) unlock private data sets table properties hit data sets data sets are often large and consist various types media. blockchain not suitable database for storing this kind information. other decentralized storage options, like bittorrent and ipfs are specialized these types assets. for this reason, the network will use similar hash-based distributed file storage, where each media asset can referred single hash. note that the feedback task can also involve storing media assets, for example tasks like image segmentation. this case the ratings asset will stored the distributed storage, and hash and checksum the rating are stored the blockchain. requesters will also able supply data sets through traditional channels, like amazon google cloud storage file transfer protocol (ftp) privacy the blockchain decentralized and open nature. these properties are not always desirable, for example when privacy concerned. there are several http://www.bittorrent.com/ https://ipfs.io/ https://aws.amazon.com/s/ https://cloud.google.com/storage/ https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/file_transfer_protocol/ page effect network: decentralized network for artificial intelligence rev-. measures that must taken make sure the effect network can used for sensitive information. the network can provide privacy for the following cases: data sets requesters can provide their data set encrypted form. only selected users will able decrypt access the data. this determined network smart contracts using public key encryption, ensuring only selected users can decrypt the data set credentials. user ratings ratings tasks performed workers are stored the blockchain using public key encryption. the public key the owner used sign the ratings, only the owner the task can view the ratings. tasks that involve privacy features will more computationally expensive, thus having higher network fee. page effect network: decentralized network for artificial intelligence rev-. believe that the end the century the use words and general educated opinion will have altered much that one will able speak machines thinking without expecting contradicted. alan turing phase effect.ai smart market the effect.ai smart market (esm) decentralized marketplace where algorithms can exchange their services. application owner can register the exchange specifying public endpoint his her application, following our data interchange format and specifying usage fee for consumers. this application can now invoked through smart contracts the blockchain. the caller the contract will have transfer the required funds the owner the contract get authorization token that allows him her interact with the application. the exchange protocol can built directly onto the effect.ai interface setup proposed section where the agents receiving efx tokens are the ones supplying algorithms, and the agents providing efx tokens for these services are the requesters. the effect.ai galaxy pool (egp) merely used the background ensure liquidity. the egp enables payments for these services with native tokens, well efx tokens. this point smart contracts (scs) will ensure and improve availability the services that are requested and/or provided agents the network. two important pillars the esm are the application registry and the endpoints. the following subsections will describe the application registry (section .a) and endpoints (section .b) more detail. page effect network: decentralized network for artificial intelligence applications applications buying agents galaxy efx effect interface (smart contracts) efx neo, gas nep galaxy efx rev-. galaxy pool selling agents efx neo, gas nep efx figure diagram the effect smart market application registry the network will maintain registry available applications. this registry will enriched with semantic ontology that describes the application, well technical schema its inputs and outputs. thanks the application registry, algorithms are able explore possible collaborations over the blockchain. also encourages standardization data exchange formats, interoperability with other applications means more interactions, providing obvious financial incentive. endpoints application endpoints the esm communicate over the http protocol. data exchanged json format and should strongly confirm the defined rdf schema. requests signed with the private key the buyer will accepted the endpoint. issuing authorization tokens and checking their validity can done public apis that hold partial index the blockchain. they could request small fees for providing this service. page effect network: decentralized network for artificial intelligence rev-. alone can little; together can much. helen keller phase effect.ai power phase and the effect network decentralized the data gathering and usage algorithms. this point the algorithms themselves still run centralized servers. the final phase the network the actual computation will distributed that the algorithms run globally without single point failure. achieve this use the fact that most machine learning algorithms have rigid structure and operate sets weights. these types algorithms are relatively easy distribute. the effect network decentralized compute engine based popular deep learning (dl) frameworks like caffe mxnet and tensorflow where the network structure can defined declarative graph and weights are stored matrices real numbers. these matrices can distributed over decentralized file system and processed different compute nodes the network. http://caffe.berkeleyvision.org/ https://mxnet.apache.org/ https://www.tensorflow.org/ page effect network: decentralized network for artificial intelligence rev-. control much effect cause, and the idea that control something you exert real handicap progress steve grand conclusion having open, accessible and affordable platform for intelligent algorithms operate and develop will key component the coming century. artificial intelligence (ai) and decentralization are natural match and should enforced more the future. the vision and development roadmap the effect.ai network (effect network create accessable and decentralized market. community the effect network fueled efx tokens that allow for fair, decentralized and peer-to-peer exchange for everything related ai. efx tokens are nep conform and operate directly within the neo smart economy blockchain. galaxy pool one the most unique facets effect.ai the effect.ai galaxy pool (egp). the egp governed exchange system and pool. the egp filled with both native neo and gas, wel as, efx and other nep tokens. this setup assures stable exchange rates. furthermore, the egp construction will allow increase liquidity providing, for example, beneficial exchange the first phase the network. prospects besides strong community driven platform and token exchange galaxy pool, the effect network will develop three different service markets, consecutive phases. the first phase called effect.ai force (ef) and similar amazon's mechanical turk data labeling platform. effect.ai will effectively push the microtask platform the blockchain using effect.ai service contract (esc)s, the smart contracts the effect network the second phase, effect.ai smart market (esm), builds upon the first phases expanding the page effect network: decentralized network for artificial intelligence rev-. service market, not only for data, but with algorithms well. the esm allows agents the effect network share, compare, and exchange algorithms. the third, and last, phase called effect.ai power (ep) and allows for complete sharing computational powerin the effect network completes the effect network the effect this network will define the futur relationship between humans and ai. page effect network: decentralized network for artificial intelligence rev-. list abbreviations effect network effect.ai network g-efx galaxy-efx tokens. artificial intelligence. computer vision. dbft delegate byzantine fault tolerance. deep learning. effect.ai council. effect.ai force. ega effect.ai galaxy allowance. egp effect.ai galaxy pool. effect.ai power. ers effect.ai reputation score. esc effect.ai service contract. esm effect.ai smart market. ftp file transfer protocol. gpus graphics processing units. hit human intelligence tasks. machine learning. page effect network: decentralized network for artificial intelligence natural intelligence. nlp natural language processing. scs smart contracts. rev-. page effect network: decentralized network for artificial intelligence rev-. references schwab, the fourth industrial revolution. crown business, (cit. nakamoto, "bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system," (cit. (). neo: distributed network for the smart economy, [online]. available: http://docs.neo.org/en-us/ (cit. buterin. (). next-generation smart contract and decentralized application platform, [online]. available: https://github.com/ethereum/ wiki/wiki/white-paper/ (cit. downs, holbrook, sheng, and cranor, "are your participants gaming the system?: screening mechanical turk workers," proceedings the sigchi conference human factors computing systems, ser. chi atlanta, georgia, usa: acm, pp. [online]. available: http doi acm org (cit. page