brief our vision: "bring developers and billion html devices the blockchain world." cross-platform solution, html technology has been globally recognized. covers the internet, mobile games, video, advertising and other industries, with the global market size hundreds billions dollars. after blockchain game cryptokitties became popular, ethereum's smart contract applications added new member html games. this project cooperating with egret technology, globally well-known html technology service provider, set egretia blockchain lab, combining blockchain with html technology create the world's first html blockchain engine and platform, aiming for applying blockchain vertical industries. bringing egret technology's existing developers and billion mobile terminal devices into the blockchain world, this project has practical and far-reaching significance. table contents background introduction html blockchain industry background our vision world's first html blockchain engine and platform building decentralized html user ecosystem creating ecosystem with true token circulation html blockchain engine and platform key products and services egretia features egretia core product architecture egretia dapp case team and partners about egret blockchain lab about egret technology lab core members advisors roadmap and milestone chapter background introduction html blockchain industry background background introduction html recent years, after many hardware upgrades and rapid development internet technology, some bottlenecks (such performance, traffic and compatibility) that previously limited the operation html games have now been eliminated. due the cross-platform nature html, this technology widely used games, marketing, video, media, etc. using the power mobile social networking, html content has been widely disseminated mobile apps and created entirely new business models. from their perspective, and due the rapid pace their lives and work, users would like make use "fragmented time" each leisure opportunity and enjoy relaxation and entertainment. terms app operators, new model expected enhance user stickiness, gaining more traffic. click-and-play, viral transmission, user stickiness, these characteristics html game make perfect fit for the current market demands. currently, users html games already account for all mobile game users. terms the business model, in-game payment, instead advertising, has become the main source revenue accounting for combined, html games already have independent commercial profitability. the market size html games china exceeded billion yuan and showed growing trend. after more than four years evolution and development, html games have witnessed huge improvements related business models, user numbers, and market size. the domestic revenue high-quality html games, has reached million yuan. html technology has been globally recognized cross-platform and crossterminal solution. covers the internet, mobile game, video, advertising and other industries, with global market opportunity billion dollars. uhqg due the advantages html technology, increasing number wellknown enterprises have adopted this technology: google launched pwa, advocating android instant apps based html technology. baidu promoted "light-weight apps" based html technology. facebook released instant games based html technology messenger with more than billion daily active users, and opened its advertising and payment service for instant games the end january tencent wechat released series mini-games, some those games gaining over million daily active users. overall, html has become one the global internet technology trends. dlqrlqwv despite the rapid development html industry, there still remain many pain points: lack global, unified and secure payment platform; lack solutions securely store virtual assets users; lack mechanisms ensure "fairness" games; lack solutions rapidly respond distributed back-end communications; lack mechanisms effectively protect the intellectual property html products; need for effective mechanisms motivate good teams develop high-quality games and apps; need for diversified approaches monetize internet traffic. blockchain industry background recent years, blockchain technology has gradually been understood and applied related projects; advantages and disadvantages the blockchain itself have become increasingly obvious. advantages: distributed ledger mechanism: safe, transparent and tamper-resistant; turing-complete smart contracts: fair-and-square; decentralized data storage combined with smart contracts: responsive and reliable; token system, unified payment and settlement. disadvantages: poor development, testing, and upgrade process; poor development tools and small development community; user inconveniences, costs learning are high; security issues accounts and wallets. joined hands with egret technology create egretia blockchain lab. combining blockchain technology with proven html workflows, developers will able rapidly develop blockchain applications and truly apply blockchain the vertical industries. chapter our mission world's first html engine and platform building decentralized html user ecosystem creating ecosystem with true token circulation our vision "bring developers and billion html devices the blockchain world." world's first html blockchain engine and platform partnership with egret technology, the global leader the html industry, are committed building the world's first html blockchain engine and platform, combining blockchain technology with proven tools, communities and content our partners, aiming bring developers and billion mobile devices into the blockchain world. user ecosystem: the content powered egret engine has reached hundreds millions users. for every user, will create unique passport with digital encryption. will provide users with low-threshold, high-security digital wallet, serving safe payment platform for all html blockchain applications. will create digital token that circulates html projects all over the world: egreten. will build effective, sustainable ecosystem for users. technical aspects: modularizing blockchain functions, integrating them into the egret engine and its front-end development tools, will contribute directly reach more than developers. integrating the egreten token into hundreds thousands games and applications, will help directly reach more than billion users worldwide. integrating blockchain technology into the backend service logic, using node servers around the world will provide html products with fast communication solutions and trusted smart contract server logic. will create complete development suite, documentation and development community, provide most complete and convenient developer ecosystem. operational aspects through the existing egret game platform with million monthly active users, already have professional global team game and app distributors. they are operating the content and have integrated our token payment system. they are, thus, ensuring global circulation egreten. together with strategic partners such facebook and google, have well-established advertising platform promote egreten-based games and products. building decentralized html user ecosystem powered the egret engine, html content has over marketing penetration the html industry, covering more than billion mobile devices and users. will combine the egretia blockchain with egret html workflows. using token mechanism, every player will have unique games powered the egret engine. this will build solid foundation for stable user ecosystem. every user worldwide has unique token passport any game application which developed based the egretia blockchain. the token's anonymity and encryption mechanism effectively guarantees user's privacy. using unique, anonymous, secure tags, user's identity not limited one application one game. using unique, virtual identity, every user can enjoy life the virtual, egretia-based world. due the blockchain's transparency and irreversibility, well each user's unique passport, available throughout the content system built egretia, can accurately portray users and construct credit system. users can also safely communicate with other users around the world egretia, making friends, exchanging virtual assets, etc. creating ecosystem with true token circulation based the user ecosystem egretia, are devoted forging new digital token that can used all content powered the egret engine: egreten. developers will use well-established tools sdks quickly develop products that will use the egreten token payment. users can use egreten buy in-game items, pay for content, etc. users can use egreten take part lotteries, discounts, and other promotions egretia across the world. users can get egreten reward through participating crowdfunding games egretia. developers and content publishers can use egreten advertise the egretia advertising platform. distributors can get egreten through content distribution, advertising, etc. egreten digital wallet created based user's unique token passport, order guarantee safe storage user's virtual assets, goods, crowdfunding rewards, platform rewards, etc. throughout the ecosystem, more than developers worldwide can use the egretia blockchain sdk rapidly develop html blockchain games and applications. this will increase the reach the digital egreten token over billion users, the token will circulating all areas html content, virtual goods platforms, advertising platforms, and communities. represents the flow tokens $ibqufs ).-#mpdldibjo&ohjofmbugpsn ,fzspevdutboefswjdft &hsfujb'fbuvsft &hsfujb$psfspevdu"sdijufduvsf &hsfujb%"qq$btf html blockchain engine and platform key products and services the world's first html blockchain game development workflow egret technology, our strategic partner, spent four years focusing html workflow development. the workflow includes products such the engine itself, ide visual editor, animation tools, cross-platform packaging tools, etc. all tools are cross-platform and support both windows and mac. egret project for more information, please visit our partner's website https://www.egret.com/ products/ existing development workflows allow developers and designers to: efficiently edit and debug code, visually adjust interface, easily create cross-platform animations and interactive media content, publish html content ios android apps via the packaging tool. will use the existing development suite tightly integrate the blockchain interface layer, such that all html games can easily support the blockchain. through the proven development workflows, developers can quickly create html games and applications that provide blockchain features such unified digital wallet passports, smart contracts, and transactions. the world's largest html blockchain platform: egretia the platform includes development workflow based blockchain technology, four core products and incubator, providing comprehensive blockchain solutions and services for players, content providers, channels and advertisers, and building perfect ecosystem. not only can developers create blockchain applications quickly with egretia development suite, but they will also get complete service through the platform, such game distribution, advertising, trading, storage, and communication service. egretia blockchain platform architecture blockchain game dev workflow: the world's first complete html blockchain engine and development kit, will give developers the power quickly and efficiently develop blockchain games and applications. distributed communications and storage platform the platform will leverage the blockchain's node mode, providing decentralized data communications and storage solutions. game distribution platform this platform our official egretia dapp: players can get egreten through the app, play html games this platform, make payments via egreten. using the proof-of-game (pog) mechanism, players can get egreten rewards playing sharing games with friends. virtual goods trading platform using egreten, all players egretia games can trade their virtual goods this platform. egretia platforms precision advertising system, based blockchain kyc principles, smart contracts, and platform digital tokens. egretia incubator our incubator supports game development teams and individuals, creating bridge between players and developers. egretia features hoighyhorshgxeolf&kdlq will provide egretia, self-developed, efficient public chain based the dpos (delegated proof stake) consensus mechanism, aiming optimizing html game performance. through the blockchain interface layer, combination with the egret engine tools, developers can quickly create blockchain-based dapps. &rqvhqvxvhfkdqlvpv the egretia public chain will using dpos (delegated proof stake) consensus mechanism. the dpos mechanism similar board vote, where holders coins cast certain number nodes, using the mechanism for verification and bookkeeping. dpos can significantly reduce the number participating nodes for verification and bookkeeping, will able achieve consensus verification second. the stability dpos mechanism has been verified bts, eos and other projects. +ljkshuirupdqfh egretia public chain with high concurrent processing power, where performance optimized for the needs the game industry. has fast tps (transaction per second) rate. nonetheless, blockchain technology, "impossible triangle" exists, meaning that scalability, decentralization, and security cannot achieved the same time. using dpos mechanism greatly increase scalability, more than transactions per second could supported the initial test chain. the future, will increase the tps according business needs. hdowlphdudphwhu$gmxvwphqw egretia can modify system parameters without bifurcation: instead, egretia will able change blocktime, blocksize, transaction fee etc. via voting. egretia can modify the system parameters without bifurcation: instead, egretia will able realize dynamic adjustment parameters such blocksize, output speed, and handling fee through voting method based consensus. for example: current blocktime seconds, can dynamically adjusted second; current blocksize can dynamically adjusted create larger blocks, such &rqyhqlhqwdqg(dflhqw'hyhorsphqwxlwh the proven tools egret lays solid foundation for the egretia blockchain project, making blockchain application development simple, convenient and efficient. support mainstream languages and frameworks the development suite integrates the support for javascript, typescript, html, css, node.js, through the extensions, can easily support more languages and frameworks, such go, c++, angularjs, react and on. smart coding assistance smart coding assistance will provide major languages with intelligent code completion, real-time error feedback, reference search, jump definitions, and other functions, help developers more quickly program. built-in complete game development workflow integration visual game development environment; covering the entire development process (developing, debugging, publishing, packaging); addition, resource management, particle editing, animation editing, cloud publishing and other extensions are available, thus making the experience developing games friendlier and smoother. the interfaces egret wing ide and dragonbones animation tool (juhwld'. will offer the egretia blockchain sdk with engine and tools, which will allow all html games easily access the blockchain. developers can quickly create html games and applications that provide blockchain capabilities such digital wallet, smart contracts, etc. accessing the blockchain through few lines code, storing user's key information the blockchain with kyc (know your customer) certification, providing data storage, data communication and authentication services, easy access digital wallet and create smart contract, using digital token sdk for game's virtual goods trading. 'ljlwdornhq (juhwhq the global gaming market size over billion dollars, but there isn't way connect different games, each game connected its own independent economy. egretia will provide digital token: egreten. developers can easily combine egreten with their own games, and players can safely and efficiently conduct virtual goods trading. :doohw both game developers and gamers will able manage egreten digital tokens through their wallets. provide users with low-threshold, high-security digital wallet, making egretia safe payment platform for all html blockchain applications. currently, pc, mobile, and browser versions the wallet are being developed. fdodelolw\xssruwlqjdlqvwuhdpxeolf&kdlqv from long-term view, the framework blockchain will providing, will not only supports our own egretia chain, but will also extended support ethereum, eos and other public chains, that all html developers can efficiently create blockchain-based games and applications. shqrxufh all egretia-related code will completely open source github. egretia core product architecture +/%orfnfkdlq(qjlqh the content powered egret engine accounts for the html market china, with more than developers worldwide. the egret engine will provide the egretia baas sdk, which will allow easy access blockchain for all egret games. through the egretia baas sdk, developers can create blockchain games migrate existing egret games blockchain games easy way. html blockchain engine architecture shown above the diagram, the bottom part represents the egret engine. using the egret ide tool "wing", developers can quickly develop html games. long developers add the egretia baas sdk while creating new project, blockchainrelated apis will easily accessible. the egretia baas sdk and the included apis are follows: egretia game api with blockchain popularity rapidly increasing, many developers are eager "blockchain-ize" their games. however, matter fact, blockchain technology fairly complicated. the same time, not all developers have sufficient time fully leverage the underlying technology. the egretia game api solution through which developers can get easy access blockchain. through the egretia game api, html games can "blockchain-ized" with just few lines code. you can see from the image above, adding the egretia baas sdk into games, and then calling the api interface accordance with official documentation tutorials, developers will able combine html games with blockchain technology. kyc certification with the help kyc (know your customer) information, user information encrypted and stored the blockchain. due the blockchain's anonymity and traceability, safe and reliable store user information egretia. using the kyc blockchain id, users will only have sign once for all games built html blockchain engine. egretia data api the game industry has been criticized because opaque data, some developers control the falling probability virtual goods order increase their revenue. although the entire industry has put lot effort into solving the problem, for example, group developers has made public the falling probability virtual goods, game players still feel skeptical about game developers. through the egretia data api, developers can store the core data logic games and applications egretia, thus realizing data storage account disclosure and process verification: this making the data open, fair, and transparent. for example, game developers write the core data logic, game transaction information, and game equipment values onto the blockchain, that players can view the game numerical information any time. this helps solving the mutual trust problem between game developers and players. egreten api the api for the egretia digital token ecosystem, virtual in-game items can placed the trading platform. (juhwldxqwlph egret runtime accelerator component developed egret team enhance the html game performance and can embedded seamless extension into browser other applications mobile devices. using egret runtime, game developers can ignore the differences between diverse operating systems, browsers, and terminals that html games can run more efficiently with amazing performance. addition, runtime also has access mobile device hardware, improving the gaming experience.by the end egret runtime has been installed billion times. egretia runtime architecture the egretia runtime completely upgraded version the egret runtime. not only does fully support the functions the original runtime, also integrates the egretia blockchain modules make for more secure core functions the lower layer the application. the egretia baas module, which allows developers easily call the egretia blockchain interface, also fully supports the dpos mechanism, realizing ledger and data exchange the basis layer the runtime. (juhwld*dph*oredo'lvwulexwlrqodwirup the open platform our strategic partner, egret technology, the largest html gaming platform the world. has more than distribution channels and more than html games, with million monthly active users. leveraging the new business mode revolution brought blockchain technology, the egret open platform will fully upgraded decentralized html gaming distribution platform, supporting html developers and reaching html players worldwide. egretia game platform architecture egretia game platform shown above, with the egret engine and the egretia baas sdk, game developers have easy access blockchain. players can get the unique kyc, playing all the games the platform. since egretia adopts dpos and pog implement distributed ledger and data exchange mechanisms, the longer the players will stay games, the greater the pog values will be. depending the duration the game and the level experience, players can get various amounts egreten digital tokens, which will enable them buy virtual goods the game. game developers get egreten digital tokens operating games. egretia game distribution mechanism the egretia game platform decentralized html game distribution platform. developers can independently launch html games and release tasks encouraging players spread games. after completing the promotion tasks, players will get some digital tokens reward. this way, developers will able attract many players, those players are able gain digital tokens, thus forming healthy ecosystem. (juhwldluwxdo*rrgvudglqjodwirup players have always faced the problem how ensure the value virtual goods and the security personal information virtual goods transactions. the egretia virtual goods trading platform can help solve this problem. trading platform architecture pictured above, players can sell virtual goods certain game the trading platform. after selecting the game, game server, the virtual goods category, and specific items, virtual goods can sold exchange for egreten digital tokens. the other hand, players can spend digital tokens buying virtual goods the trading platform. html games connect the in-game virtual goods the trading platform via the egretia baas sdk. traditional virtual goods and account trading model are lacking mutual trust its foundation. based blockchain's smart contract mechanism, both buyers and sellers can conduct transactions without concerns and will not need any guarantee from third party. based blockchain's traceability, traders can view historical transaction records virtual goods any time. besides, the anonymity blockchain can well protect the privacy buyers and sellers. 'hfhqwudol]hg$gyhuwlvlqjodwirup will create advertising platform based egretia. based kyc principles, are capable capturing user portraits accurately that can deliver ads that users are interested in. the other hand, the token-based advertising platform will helpful egreten circulation. blockchain advertising platform shown above, decentralized blockchain-based advertising good solution for the shortcomings traditional advertising. advertisers can serve ads using the platform's egreten digital token. developers integrate ads with content through egretia tools and sdk, which will allow them gain egreten. developers can also spend egreten tokens paid users delivering ads order get more users. based kyc principles, the advertising platform can protect the privacy users while getting user portraits, effectively pushing content that users are really interested in, greatly reducing the costs for advertisers. players can earn egreten tokens forwarding ads. the first html blockchain platform, are also actively communicating with overseas partners such facebook, jointly embracing the future blockchain together. 'lvwulexwhg&rppxqlfdwlrq wrudjh&orxgodwirup the html distributed communication and storage service powered blockchain technology provide the decentralized server-side, distributed communication and storage. egretia will cooperate with more third-party public chains well technology service providers, offering developers more comprehensive distributed communications storage services. the more developers and content, the more widely distributed server nodes. the faster storage data and files being read, the quicker the client and server-side communications. calling the sdk provide, developers can simply access egretia communication services, realizing online multiplayer, data file storage, back-end game logic customization. usability, low latency, high availability, expansibility, customizability, are its characteristics. addition helping developers create game from its concept, easy migrate single-player game into cross-regional, cross-server, low-latency online game based egretia technology, thus greatly reducing the cost game development. multi-nodes, low latency decentralized, worldwide server nodes and the original "server frame synchronization" technology, will make for quicker and more stable transmission game data. the meantime, meet the needs large multi-player online games, will take full advantage our rich experience constructing platforms and adopting "deep coupling" approach. information that does not affect fairness will constructed traditional way and core data processed through smart blockchain-based contracts. seamless coordination ensures fairness and smooth gaming experience. quick match based distributed back-end communications, flexible matching mechanism will meeting the majority the matching requirements under different rules. this will help enriching the gameplay, helping more players building connections, and truly achieving "global players using the same server". quick access modularizing the game lobby, room and interactive process, take the needs developers into consideration, combining front-end engine and tools for developers quickly access and develop games. the server-side logic "smart contract" management aside from basic networking capabilities, also provide game developers with server-side framework based smart contracts, the egretia backend logic framework. developers will able extend server networking capabilities implement the customized server-side game logic. because the server-side logic based egretia blockchain and managed through smart contracts, the game logic open and fair, which can effectively prevent plug-ins. egretia dapp case 'hfhqwudol]hg+/*dph'lvwulexwlrqodwirup the decentralized game distribution platform currently under development, all the games are developed based the egretia blockchain, accessing the egretia kyc authentication system, the egretia digital tokens, the egretia data storage module and other functions. this game platform, players can not only play all html games, but also get digital tokens through playing games, while the same time gaining more rewards completing the tasks games. the assets all players are securely stored egretia wallet. because each user the game platform has unique passport, accurate user portraits can obtained based historical data, thus matching players according their interests. not only game platform, but also social platform. urihvvlrqdoshudwlrqhdpdqg,qfxedwru our professional gaming operation team, with its outstanding global promotion capabilities mobile games and applications, will focus global promotion premium games and applications based the egretia blockchain. have cooperated with number content providers worldwide develop quality games and apps based egretia. the same time, our incubator will support outstanding content technical teams, jointly growing with them together. $ibqufs fbnboebsuofst "cpvu&hsfujb#mpdl$ibjo-bc "cpvu&hsfufdiopmphz -bc$psf.fncfst "ewjtpst team and partners about egret blockchain lab our strategy partner china, egret technology, the world's leading provider html industry solutions. technology-driven company, egret technology has always embraced cutting-edge technology with open mind and committed improving the industry. egretia blockchain lab, with core members from qualcomm, adobe, nvidia, devoted combining blockchain technology with egret's leading html engine and tool technologies, aiming for applying blockchain the vertical industry. through the existing global developer ecosystem, promoting the popularization blockchain applications, covering over billion users, has practical and far-reaching significance pushing forward the development the industry. about egret technology founded has r&d centers beijing and shanghai. member, contribute web standard development. core tech team comes from adobe asia r&d center, having over years professional technologies experience. the largest html development platform and over marketing penetration rate china. more than developers worldwide, with html content powered its workflow covering billion mobile devices. investors: guojin capital, shunwei, xiaomi and sig for round financing; matrix, shenzhen capital for round financing. expanding the global market, exploring the monetization and business model cloud service and big data. partnership with world-renowned companies egret technology independently developed products such the egret engine, egret runtime, dragonbones and egret wing, creating the first complete html development workflow the world. for more information, please visit the website our partner: http://www.egret.com cctv reported dragonbones, the skeletal animation software egret technology, has become the international animation standard. related reportg' --/.shtml there are more than tutorials dragon bones youtube, all which are selfsubmitted and shared the global developers, proving dragon bones immense popularity. using the egret engine and egret tools, developers have created products that are representing milestones the history html: catch the crazy cat the first popular html game wechat, gaining more than million users within days. yugong yishan, the first html paid game, with total users more than million. legendary world, the first game with million yuan monthly revenue html history juezhan shacheng, the first game with over million yuan monthly revenue html history. legend coming, the first game with over million yuan monthly revenue html history. another reason why chose egret technology its good developer ecosystem. every year egret technology holds html developer conference, with thousands people attending, proving developer loyalty and enthusiasm. believe that based egret's huge developer community, our html blockchain technology will quickly deployed variety games and applications and gain popularity. after tencent wechat launched its mini-game, egret technology announced that its tools would start supporting the development mini-games. just week, mini-game projects were created through egret tools. lab core members peter huang serial entrepreneur, used technical manager adobe flash platform, has years development and management experience internet application and game project. dirk meyer sr. program manager, digital media pmo adobe, with more than years experience global project management. made impactful contributions adobe's strategic business plan and innovative programs. blockchain technology advocate and investor. yin compiler and toolchain expert, entrepreneur. qualcomm senior staff engineer, his own business focused software and solutions consulting. has accumulated nearly two decades experience variety operating system platform compiler development. worked microsoft, absoft, etc. created fastest fortran compilers for intel/amd while working absoft director compiler development. ross przybylski passionate game industry veteran. with more than years experience software development and years experience game development, focusing developing great games. addition the above members, the egretia blockchain lab also has experts from other industries around the world. would also like welcome more like-minded friends join the blockchain laboratory, promoting the development the industry. advisors /xfdv/x lucas received his phd degree particle physics from smu worked cern when participated theoretical and experimental research higgs partical. dr. lucas lu, was previously co-founder and cto light the box, company which went public the nyse, and prior that, lucas was the first alibaba's taobao mobile platform, and was the another alibaba business unit. lucas founded miles )udqn/hh founder several start-up companies and angel investor. successfully developed the first litecoin asic miner the world. two companies are included eco system. invested and cofounded companies various areas, including game, vr, ar, iot, etc. graduated from tsinghua university with degree electrical engineering. yao yong the pioneer chinese game engine, the founder wing hang technology, leading the company develop engine itself. the products such "qq dancer" and "dancing time" made the company using the engine are widely known. these games have large number players, one them reached million concurrent online users. hongfei tian hongfei received his master's degree from mit. now founding partner ivision, responsible for internet finance and enterprise software investment. previously worked sig, oracle software security engineer, world bank ifc, etc. has autonomously developed bitcoin payment gateways, bitcoin mobile wallet-yard wallet, and copyrights authentication systems. $ibqufs pbenbqboe.jmftupof roadmap and milestone our professional engine tools and blockchain technology team will ensure milestones will delivered time. disclaimer this white paper intended for general informational purposes only and does not constitute prospectus, offer document, offer securities, solicitation for investment, any offer sell any product, item asset (whether digital otherwise). there assurance the accuracy completeness such information and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information. where this white paper includes information that has been obtained from third party sources, the foundation team has not independently verified the accuracy completion such information. the egretia platform makes clear that you have clear understanding the risks egreten. getting involved investment investor, you are indicating that you are aware and accept the risks the project and are willing undertake all the corresponding results for this purpose. the egretia platform expressly states will not bear any direct indirect loss caused participating the egretia blockchain project. risk warning new investment model, there are variety risks digital asset investment, strongly recommend that potential investors carefully evaluate the investment risk and their risk tolerance. policy risks: blockchain technology has become the main target regulation lot countries worldwide. the judiciary imposes influence the application egretia blockchain egreten tokens, may affect, limit, hinder even stop the development egretia. technical risks: egreten built the basis cryptography algorithms. the development cryptography may come with potential technical risks. vulnerabilities may also found the project development process. may attacked hackers used criminals. other risks: addition the risks mentioned above, there are also risks that have not been mentioned have not been predicted.