elastos.org elastos white paper smart-web powered blockchain prepared by: elastos foundation january page description this document the elastos white paper version which includes additional descriptions elastos strategic goals and technology roadmaps. elastos will continuously updating this white paper reflect new developments. for the latest information the elastos white paper, roadmaps, team, foundation management, investors, and strategic partners, please visit the elastos official web site: http://www.elastos.org contact elastos foundation: elastos (shanghai): the floor, huahong international building no. the tanggu road, hongkou district shanghai, china elastos (beijing): plug play, building zhongguancun yingzao street no. chengfu road, haidian district beijing, china page email: the white paper group: whitepaper@elastos.org the global community: global-community@elastos.org the elastos fund: elastos-fund@elastos.org public relations: pr@elastos.org investor relations: ir@elastos.org the elastos council: elastos-council@elastos.org other relations: contact@elastos.org the elastos foundation registered singapore. the copyright this document owned the elastos foundation, and all rights are reserved. copyright notice the elastos foundation reserves all rights this document. disclaimer elastos will continuously developing its technology and organizational structure, but aims keep the current governing principles the elastos community well the allocation plan elastos tokens. page introduction elastos elastos aims create new kind internet, powered blockchain technology. this new internet, people will able own digital assets and generate wealth from them. today, there seemingly infinite supply digital books, movies, music and games. but people not necessarily own their digital property. you can purchase digital book, for example, but you can't sell anyone else. so, you really own it? elastos wants make digital assets scarce, identifiable and tradable. property rights pave the way for wealth creation, and elastos intends build new world wide web that respects those rights. the goal create internet that allows users access articles, movies and games directly, without going through media player another platform intermediary. elastos will use blockchain technology issue ids for digital content, making possible know who owns which digital assets. the elastos internet, filmmakers will know how many times their movies were viewed. the combination elastos and blockchain technology lays the foundation for trustworthy and secure internet wealth. elastos will platform for decentralized applications (dapps) that runs peer-to-peer network with centralized control. people can access these dapps via their mobile phones, without changing their operating system. the old internet web information. you click url, you get data. elastos creating web apps. when you click url, you get code. the elastos web will special economic zone where elastos tokens function the base currency. elastos open-source software whose development process has been sponsored industry giants such the tsinghua science park, the td-scdma industrial alliance and the foxconn group for more than million rmb. elastos has published more than ten million lines source code, including four million lines original source code. page technology background the bitcoin blockchain decentralized, immutable ledger that allows people put their trust data. ethereum implemented programmable blockchain that could support smart contracts, enabling people put their trust code. smart contracts, put simply, allow for transactions automatically executed once contractual obligations are met. sellers will only get paid, for example, after their products are successfully received buyers. companies that crowdfunding can assign specific production tasks only after they have raised certain level money. otherwise, funds will returned participants. thanks smart contracts, don't need worry about breaches contract the credit scores our trading partners, because the blockchain will execute transactions after both parties have fulfilled their promises. this system eliminates mistrust between buyers and sellers. the question is: how can apply this smart contract system even wider array businesses? could use operate electronic bookstore, trading platform for video games movies? ethereum smart contracts are useful when applied financial and semi-financial projects, well online voting. elastos believes, however, that ethereum-based dapps have the following limitations: storage and speed. storage capacity limited the blockchain itself, which can only save limited amount data with very low speed. the popularity the blockchain game cryptokitties induced ethereum congestion, highlighting the difficulty running smart contracts the main public blockchain alone. bugs. smart contracts are neither stoppable nor revisable once they are executed. this logical and protects both parties: agreed upon contracts cannot stopped changed. but smart contract bugs, such the dao attacks, exist. moreover, there way prove that program has bugs. cost. present, smart contracts, data recording and contract executions are all conducted the blockchain. means that many nodes are repeatedly doing the same tasks. ethereum requires that every time you task, you pay fee. executing contracts ethereum can become expensive. page junk data. there accumulation historical junk data the ethereum blockchain. once published, smart contract will saved the blockchain forever. junk and redundant data have negative influence blockchain efficiency, and this can lead ethereum congestion. lack flexibility. the coupling between the blockchain and the ethereum virtual machine (evm) that executes smart contracts make them inseparable. upgrades the blockchain impact the evm, and vice versa. security. smart contracts running ethereum ethereum-like systems are subject middleman attacks when they off the blockchain and other web sites. due the problems mentioned above, elastos believes that difficult and inconvenient for users read digital books, play games, and encrypted chatting with ethereum smart contracts. furthermore, people are accustomed using their mobile phones run apps. elastos wants users able access the blockchain's trust-based system via the mobile devices that are already using. page the above figure demonstrates, matter how powerful user's cell phone is, does not speed ethereum's computation. matter how many ethereum upgrades there are, its credibility guarantees not extend people's daily mobile phone use. this due the fact that ethereum computing and mobile phone computing were developed and executed parallel and are not integrated. today's smart contracts are designed run the blockchain exclusively. elastos, contrast, will run dapps that are enabled blockchain technology, but not have run the blockchain itself. elastos will allow users access those dapps via their current operating systems. dapps will run elastos runtime, which runs top android, ios pcs. summary, ethereum great for smart contracts. but elastos believes that there are two main reasons why the ethereum evm not suitable for running dapps: blockchains are made for consensus-based record keeping, but can lack computation speed flexibility. current blockchains are designed record transactions, not store data. there simply not enough space the current blockchain store large quantity digital movies and books. address the first problem, elastos proposes adopt flexible main chain and sidechain blockchain design structure. the main chain only responsible for basic transactions and transfer payments, while the sidechain executes smart contracts support various applications and services. address the second problem, elastos runs applications elastos runtime opposed the already congested blockchain. this method also more secure. with elastos, all network data must sent through trustable and identity-verifiable channel. identification and authentication come from the blockchain id. this way, the blockchain's credibility can transferred elastos runtime. elastos runtime can have various forms: independent os, virtual machine, software development kit (sdk) that integrates into native apps other mainstream operating systems. page the elastos design philosophy integrates the convenience mobile phones with the credibility blockchain technology, allowing users access apps without going through third-party intermediary. elastos will create environment which digital assets can traded peer peer. elastos: blockchain-powered world wide web the design philosophy elastos originated from rong chen, former senior software engineer microsoft. building his experience microsoft, chen wanted create platform which applications and services are not allowed access the internet directly. without access the network, malware would not able steal user data attack other services the internet. chen's vision was subsequently developed into open-source, lightweight operating system for virtual machines (github.com/elastos). blockchain technology was integrated into chen's vision, enabling development the elastos smart web. the elastos smart web composed four pillars: elastos blockchain. elastos wants build decentralized smart web, where each device, individual, web site and digital asset has trustworthy id. blockchain technology enables the establishment trust the internet. elastos runtime. elastos runtime lightweight operating system that prevents applications and services from directly accessing the internet. elastos runtime runs customer's mobile device pc. elastos carrier. elastos carrier completely decentralized peer-to-peer platform. this carrier takes over all network traffic between virtual machines and conveys information applications' behalf. elastos software development kit (sdk). applications need the elastos sdk access their ids and elastos carrier services the smart web. page elastos has the following features: the elastos public chain clean and simple, and hidden from third-party applications and services. elastos prevents overload the main chain having few predefined sidechains built into the elastos carrier platform. elastos promotes the property rights digital content. elastos has the capability issue tokens for digital assets applications and establish the ownership digital content through smart contracts. elastos runtime runs the customers' mobile devices. apps are free run and their performance comparable existing mobile apps. elastos supports traditional programming languages, making relatively easy write code. elastos also supports popular programming frameworks. the separation apps from the network ensures that digital content won't leaked. even when elastos apps are running operating systems such ios, android and windows, the local won't able sabotage the property rights digital assets. the value digital assets preserved. for non-elastos apps such android ios apps, users can access the elastos smart web through the elastos sdk. users can log into non-elastos apps using their elastos smart web id. users can also keep their non-elastos app data their elastos cloud storage. both elastos smart contracts and elastos dapps run the elastos smart web. this creates closed platform and avoids the necessity moving and off the blockchain. this closed platform creates special economic zone where users can feel secure while trading digital assets. this enables closed cycle production, transaction, and consumption that necessary for creating wealth. page here quick summary the unique benefits bitcoin, ethereum and elastos: bitcoin trustworthy ledger ethereum trustworthy ledger smart contracts elastos trustworthy ledger smart contracts monetizable dapps and digital assets. current blockchain technology allows for the recording property rights. but while users can prove that digital books belongs them, they can't necessarily prevent people from stealing reading these books without permission. such environment, very difficult monetize digital assets. elastos aims solve this problem creating environment which the execution digital asset (i.e., the viewing, buying selling digital movie) all take place the elastos smart web, and therefore abide the rules smart contracts. the creator digital content can use tool, provided elastos, determine the number digital assets produce. authors, for example, can decide that they only want have copies their books circulation the smart web. setting finite amount digital content produces scarcity and enables the realization capital. elastos also wants enable consumers become investors. say there are only digital books circulation, and that these books become extremely popular. that means that every one those books will increase value, creating potential wealth for the people who bought them. after enjoying the book, the customer could sell someone else for higher price. users can also buy limited edition game apps. after playing those games elastos runtime their cell phones, they can sell the games other people. because these games are limited editions, their value will fluctuate the second-hand market. another use case, filmmakers could raise money for their movies crowdfunding through issuing their tokens. the filmmakers could write smart contract saying that every time someone watches the movie, token holders will get small share the fee. the filmmakers may also write another smart contract let moviegoers sell the movie peer-to-peer via social networks and receive commissions. this system creates financial opportunities for both creators and consumers, thus incentivizing more people use elastos. the accumulation more users will incentivise more digital content creators produce and publish content the elastos platform. this increase content could then attract even more users, and those additional users will page create more content. this positive cycle that will result large amount valuable digital content that can used generate wealth. decentralized smart web platform the chart below illustrates the relationships among the key components the elastos platform: digital assets right authentication, trading, and circulation scarcity the agricultural age has been replaced big data the information age. today, digital resources can duplicated without cost. even digital assets are widely produced, circulated and consumed, they are not necessarily generating wealth. when digital resources are not authenticated, this leads side effects like piracy and lack motivation for original innovation. blockchain technology addresses this problem making digital assets authenticated and scarce. elastos supplies the infrastructure for the authentication, trading and circulation digital assets. when any kind digital resource published online through the blockchain, page will have proper authorization, and afterwards this resource can used for trading and circulation. the elastos wallet must used publish digital asset, and the balance should enough pay the mining fee. the publisher digital asset can then create requests for authentication, which will include information such the user's wallet address, uniform resource identifier (uri), the price and amount the asset. afterwards, the hash number will calculated and the transaction will recorded unspent transaction output (utxo) the chain. when the record asset authentication published blockchain, will become tradable digital asset. after the asset purchased, the ownership the purchased digital asset transferred the customer, which means can sold again. decentralized applications (dapps) based existing cryptocurrency and blockchain technology, far there dapp that can compete with mainstream apps. the reason for this that computing power and input/output operations per second (iops) dapps are relatively weak. current blockchain infrastructure can easily overwhelmed. elastos will introduce new computing paradigm and enable decentralized applications perform with iops comparable mainstream applications. the elastos blockchain designed use main chain and sidechains. avoid bloating the main chain with unnecessary data, all the smart contracts and applications will run sidechains. users can easily develop secure dapps, and boot them from hardware devices based the elastos operating system. otherwise, they can use the elastos runtime environment traditional operating systems (android, ios, windows, etc.) develop decentralized applications. elastos runtime can accessed via both the and the sdk. the elastos blockchain similar the operating system mobile device, users need trustworthy location store important data. the elastos blockchain works this trust zone for the entire network operating system. the elastos blockchain applies main and sidechain solutions facilitate the smart economy and healthy decentralized application environment. this means that every application can page create individual sidechains. the elastos blockchain provides built-in, complete, easy-to-use sidechain support. they will also customizable, allowing clients pick different consensus method depending the use case. tokens can published sidechains. these tokens may participate two-way asset transfers across the main and sidechains. the same time, due merged mining, energy consumption will minimized avoid vast electricity costs and coal emissions. trade and block design the elastos blockchain structure based the existing cryptocurrency systems design first introduced bitcoin. this includes requirements for block authentication such the previous block hash, the merkle tree root hash, nonce for the consensus algorithm, timestamps, difficulty goals, and more. elastos improves the current digital currency experience and adopts sidechain design philosophy. elastos can adopt features that improve sidechains such removing validation scripts from the transaction structure. the sidechain the foundation for running dapps elastos, while the elastos main chain structure provides infrastructure and support for the sidechains and enables convenient asset transfer. merged mining the elastos blockchain utilizes merged mining with bitcoin, the process which consensus reached both chains simultaneously. this case, the bitcoin blockchain works the parent blockchain elastos, with the elastos chain its auxiliary blockchain. the mining pools will deploy merged mining code and miners will submit proof work both blockchains the same time. energy consumption does not increase with merged mining, and will equal the energy consumed for mining either alone. through this mechanism, the elastos blockchain has extremely strong guarantee computing power and will then able provide blockchain innovations global scale. makes full use existing bitcoin computing resources addition being environmentally friendly. additional benefits merged mining include: the transfer trust over multiple chains. the elastos main chain merged mined along with the bitcoin main chain. this merged mining characteristic can extended page elastos sidechains long the sidechain adopts the same proof work consensus. thus, layers chains can merged mined recursively, which establishes hierarchy trust among chains. isolated nodes. auxiliary blockchain, sidechain, dependent merged mining does not need consensus multiple nodes. the extreme case, one chain only needs one node and does not diminish the reliability the ledger information the main chain other chains. other blockchain consensus algorithm has this kind advantage. token distribution plan the elastos token, ela, the intrinsic token the elastos blockchain. can used for trading, investing digital assets, paying for blockchain processing fees and on. ela the basic unit. addition, pay respect the cryptocurrency torchbearer satoshi nakamoto, elastos would like use satoshi ela (sela) the minimum currency unit for ela. ela equivalent sela. elastos will issue scarce amount tokens. the total number bitcoins will eventually reach million, and elastos would like create total million ela. the ela distribution plan and implementation procedures are below: page ela (units: (%) (%) (%) (%) purpose ecosystem development notes based the time when the elastos genesis block created, elastos confirms the bitcoin holder and might send them ela free charge. the detailed rule following: target: feedback cryptocurrency community and creation effective circulation amount: bitcoin holders can achieve the equivalent amount ela channel: issuing ela only through authorized cryptocurrency exchanges method: the elastos foundation will authorize exchanges issue tokens, nobody can automatically obtain ela all the elas that are not claimed will invested elastos.they will not used for the daily operation the elastos foundation angel investors elastos angel investors are made elastos founders and key partners. the bitcoin proceeds will the elastos foundation private public the investor community the backbone elastos, crowdfunding and will support and facilitate elastos development. all the raised cryptocurrency will belong the elastos foundation, and will used develop the elastos platform. the bitcoin proceeds will the elastos foundation elastos these funds are pre-allocated for supporting elastos foundation foundation operation and investing the elastos ecosystem page compensate for the natural loss tokens, such users losing their wallets, well keep with slight inflation, the amount ela circulation will increase annually fixed rate ela will produced every two minutes during bitcoin merged mining. these newly minted coins will allocated the elastos foundation and miners. the elastos foundation will take the remaining belongs miners. sidechains any system built with blockchain technology has less computing power than traditional computer, and will not able meet the various requirements internet applications (such video games streaming high-definition movie). this fundamental reason why blockchains still cannot applied the internet large scale. the elastos team page recognizes this fact, and therefore believes that blockchain development should not rely solely the main chain for computation. elastos aims scale their blockchain system providing support for sidechains, which will help meet requirements for running applications with high iops. the elastos main chain will responsible for the small but very important role trading and transferring ela, thus providing stability the blockchain system. elastos wants avoid bloating the main chain with unnecessary smart contracts. instead, only major infrastructure upgrades will take place the main chain. all other smart contracts can implemented sidechains, enabling scalability. this kind hierarchical and structured design philosophy will pave the way for future blockchain paradigm, such the aforementioned development from stand alone computation distributed one. this key innovation blockchain technology, and more important than the partial technology singular consensus algorithms and chains. the team will implement basic services sidechains for global and public use. these services include generation, token distribution, digital asset trading, and fast payment systems. these basic services, all important infrastructural components, are part the elastos smart web. addition, the team will also provide support for third-party sidechain development. transactions are the most important part the interface between the main and sidechains. the transaction procedure for sending tokens from the main chain sidechain equivalent sending from user account the main chain multisignature address corresponding the sidechain. the process automatically checks that the sidechain can identify the transaction and deposit the equivalent value sidechain tokens the sidechain account. main sidechain transaction procedure: user creates random secret and its corresponding hash. user constructs multisignature address the main chain. unlock, both the secret and the user's private key the multisignature address must provided. user sends the transaction and their secret's hash the sidechain transaction processing node. page the transaction processing node the sidechain generates the token-sending transaction after authentication hash and private key multisignature. user provides the secret unlock the transaction and receive the tokens from the sidechain. the tokens are deposited the multisignature address. the transaction procedure for sending ela from sidechain main chain equivalent sending ela from multisignature address the main chain the user account main chain. sidechain main chain transaction procedure: user creates random secret and its corresponding hash. user creates transaction the sidechain. unlock, the secret must provided. user sends the transaction and the secret's hash the main chain transaction processing nodes. the transaction processing node the main chain generates the token-sending transaction after authentication hash and private key multisignature. user provides the secret unlock the transaction and receive the tokens from the main chain. the multisignature address corresponding the sidechain unlocks the withdrawal and spends the relevant tokens. control the security ela multisignature address, the address can only generate token withdrawal transaction outlined above. smart contracts computationally-expensive smart contracts are deployed the main chain, even they are not invoked, every node the network will need constantly update. this burden pure verification nodes, mining nodes can still receive the fees for processing transactions. avoid this, the elastos main chain limits smart contracts usage and delegates them sidechains. each sidechain can design smart contract functionality independently, similar how neocontract supports the neo blockchain. page elastos carrier: decentralized network elastos carrier the decentralized internet service provided the ecosystem elastos. its nodes may executed within any internet-connected environment, including local area networks within home workplace. using udp-based nat (user datagram protocol, network address translator) transparency techniques, all pairs nodes will have the power establish connections with one another, even direct connections. this will allow for the plentiful utilization every node's individual capacities, which will serve increase the effective horse power the network whole. the set foundational services will include decentralized domain names, decentralized computation, and decentralized storage. there will foundational support provided for the development dapps. within such environment, the user may possess his her own data and computation under abundant level privacy protection. the same time, the user will have the power renting out his her own equipment will, means the elastos blockchain, and can collect remuneration according the amount computation and storage that was consumed, providing motivations for elastos marketplace. elastos os: secure, general purpose operating system elastos general-purpose operating system that based respect for security. operating system made address the needs the internet things (iot), invention kits such the raspberry pi, and mobile devices. the latest version, namely the third, has been undergoing process commoditization since may has successfully achieved beta quality, having been executed and scrutinized the moto (xt) phone and the lamobo-rs smart router. the total amount code involved has exceeded million lines. with respect security, elastos prohibits direct process creation and does not allow direct interaction with tcp/ip, depending instead upon the system automatically spawn and determine the location local, proximate, and distant (or cloud-based) microservices. the system will automatically generate remote procedure (rpc) calls and provide eventbased responses, thereby evading possible malicious actions the part either the application the remote service, and recusing itself from relaying viruses further on. page elastos provides intrinsic and improved decentralized support system for applications being developed, making easy interface with elastos carrier for the obtainment the foundational services, and interface with elastos chain obtain services related credit and exchange. the resulting dapps may blithely and simultaneously handle elastos transactions and other types digital assets, including: source code, data, e-books, video, and gaming items. they might handling copyrights, transactions, and circulation, among other things. the system will utilize c/c++, java, and html/js the primary modes development. its c++ api will largely mirror android's java api, which will allow for the unified three-in-one management cloud access, monitoring, and interfacing. components written java, html/js, and c/c++ will able call upon each other modular fashion, with need manually deal with the jni. such, the system truly conforms the maxim "write once, run everywhere." the system will support the component assembly runtime (car) architecture, demonstrated the example below, which uses car component establish communication between program written c/c++ and one html/js. the c++ framework elastos makes use android's application interfaces, which leads convenience for the developer well portability. elastos will even far execute android programs directly, thereby achieving the state affairs depicted below: page one may think elastos runtime the c++ version the java virtual machine well java's framework. might even referred the virtual machine (cvm). elastos services and applications will executed within this cvm, allowing the same services exist harmony with variegated landscape nodes and hardware platforms. elastos runtime environment for dapps although elastos can obtained any time order enjoy complete and primary support for the development dapps, there are other numerous occasions where the user would prefer utilize another operating system which already hand. such cases, one can make use elastos runtime, runtime environment which likewise offers complete support for the applications question. developers will able choose between elastos runtime for android, elastos runtime for ios, and elastos runtime for ubuntu linux, depending their needs. network interface dapps must communicate with each other means component interfaces, they have means directly connecting the internet. this approach easier, safer, and more natural: page the code above does not need consider serialization/deserialization encryption/decryption, nor does the programmer need involved writing new protocols. all these things can satisfied elastos runtime's car interface. all which one must edit the car document below, and then draft the corresponding functions. compared with the customary socket-based api, elastos runtime far easier use. moreover, one may perform digital asset transaction seen below: the following code demonstrates how transact: applications written using elastos runtime are simpler than network applications written using the customary socket api. digital asset operations shown the preceding examples, longer use addresses domain names for network communication because the current internet not trustworthy. however, elastos runtime will perform runtime verification confirmation during elastos runtime development means the trust zone, which say, the elastos blockchain. page this point, digital asset transactions may performed. the following example verifies digital asset ownership: page finally, transaction created and sent: the elastos foundation the elastos project has long history. its precursor dates back when founder rong chen returned china start his business. since then, rong chen has been devoted developing secure and general operating system for the internet age. the elastos project became global, free open-source software project that driven the elastos community. the developed software source code and documents are published with the free open-source software license. the elastos project run through the elastos foundation. elastos embraces the free open-source and digital currency community, supports mutual learning and promotes the advancement human civilization. the elastos community the elastos global community includes fans, developers, community organizers and elastos token holders across the globe. elastos committed further building this global community. elastos also has community local user groups all around the world, and they work for the community volunteers. these user groups organize, maintain and develop elastos local communities. their tasks include promoting digital currencies and blockchain philosophy, studying elastos technology, participating elastos project development, writing and translating documents, organizing monthly, local community gatherings and assisting organizing official elastos global activities. elastos talent are still the early stages digital currency and the blockchain. the industry rapidly developing, and there lack talent. the elastos founders initiated the program, "we are all satoshi nakamoto," the tsinghua icenter through the distributed autonomous coalition asia (daca), which aims cultivate high-level blockchain technology talent. since its implementation, this program has cultivated large amount industry talent, some whom gradually became pillars the elastos team. the elastos foundation will page continuously support the daca training projects, and collaborate with the tsinghua icenter cultivate technological development for the chinese blockchain community. elastos vision elastos working become the technology that powers the smart economy. the elastos fund will invest the continuous development decentralized applications. elastos wants create new world wide web that safer and smarter, and that can one day known the internet wealth. page