overview white paper the purpose this document explain: what electroneum who the team are behind the technology why unique and attractive consumers details the current electroneum technology our vision for the future electroneum the details the crowdsale token sale and how get involved looking for technical details? this document the electroneum business overview and white paper. you are looking for the technical white paper which includes full details the cryptography and technology behind the electroneum blockchain, please download from http://electroneum.com/technical-white-paper.pdf table contents introduction summary electroneum the team behind electroneum the history electroneum what electroneum? electroneum. more accessible and more understandable for the average person breaking down the barriers cryptocurrency entry mining electroneum coins from your phone two decimal place based cryptocurrency, with high coin number easier mine, easier understand. what ready live immediately after the token sale crowdsale? cryptocurrency industry overview why would someone invest electroneum? electroneum market context two main focus areas .gaming industry, growth and virtual currencies existing virtual currencies current market for virtual currency exchange virtual currency market size and activity risk, game integration. market growth. game companies selling virtual goods and currencies direct risk game companies benefits game companies open source virtual currency exchange game company feedback gaming (gambling market) opening enormous new gaming markets gaming market feedback simple explanation cryptocurrencies electroneum long term goals? the electroneum token sale: electroneum token sale pricing and release schedule unsold coins mining bonus participating the electroneum token sale the electroneum token sale manager introducing electroneum: the world's first common cryptocurrency introduction summary cryptocurrency industry overview why would someone invest electroneum? the electroneum token sale electroneum market context simple explanation cryptocurrencies electroneum, built its own blockchain, has been developed with the explicit intention gaining mass adoption via the billion smart phone users. launches via token sale september and represents unique opportunity. the cryptocurrency market, once clearly dominated bitcoin, has become fractured and catalysed the introduction new thinking and new technology. electroneum represents another vast leap forward; offers purchasers the opportunity become early adopter what likely significantly disruptive technology. where previously cryptocurrency usage has been almost entirely the domain speculators and the tech-savvy, electroneum set become the first digital coin enter common usage due its groundbreaking ease-of-use for the ordinary mobile user. key points difference for electroneum include the following: maximum coin volume billion, which will mean transactions have only two decimal places and have 'real money' feel that bitcoin lacks. electroneum wallets can easily managed smartphone, and the coins can generated the unique mobile miner running background activity. detail the concept and planning behind electroneum and the enormous opportunity september's token sale. enables very fast microtransactions and currency can transferred between different apps, games and users. relies its own purpose-built blockchain, unlike many other currencies launched far. has single-minded development team behind it, with the clear goal break into and dominate the mobile currency market. this overview paper outlines summary electroneum introduction electroneum cryptocurrency (see simple explanation cryptocurrencies" page "alt coin". it's pronounced "ehlek-troh-nee-um". named after the electron which all cryptocurrencies rely on. electroneum the first cryptocurrency that designed around mobile ubiquity. put another way, designed for the estimated billion smart phone users around the world. summary cryptocurrency industry overview why would someone invest electroneum? the electroneum token sale electroneum market context simple explanation cryptocurrencies the team behind electroneum electroneum has been developed experienced team software developers lead richard ells. richard ells has history building successful digital businesses. founded and grew successful digital agency, which still running today, over years later. more recently, founded retortal. com the ceo, richard ells has assembled team over developers and created social media management platform, used global fortune companies such herbalife and avon. the retortal software used daily hundreds thousands people. retortal ltd valued over usd. development team richard ells adam atkinson robert hopkins michael wiltshire james atkinson ben whomsley terry hunter natalie hayon dean cole costin cristoi imogen dale barbara southwell summary advisors introduction summary cryptocurrency industry overview why would someone invest electroneum? mark robinson andy denton the electroneum token sale during the years mark served director the boards private businesses and companies listed the london stock exchange, mark was recognized for numerous awards for his entrepreneurial style and collegiate approach leadership. his focus identifying opportunities and enabling dramatic corporate expansion. online gaming consultant with over years experience ecommerce, online gaming and fintech businesses. having worked with major online and offline gaming businesses such william hill, nektan, aristocrat gaming, gala coral and microgaming, andy has significant experience the online gaming and cryptocurrency space. electroneum market context simple explanation cryptocurrencies summary the history electroneum august the team choose the open source bytecoin improvements cryptonote the basis for their new currency. introduction march have working model our cryptocurrency, doing something that nobody else doing anywhere the world. summary cryptocurrency industry overview why would someone invest electroneum? january richard ells buys his first bitcoins and starts his interest cryptocurrency. january bitcoin has nearly doubled value since richard ells first introduced the team. our own cryptocurrency still has name but now working our server rack. september decided that mobile ubiquity what must build our currency around. have been calling "electron". july electroneum ltd formed and officially takes control the electroneum project. the electroneum token sale electroneum market context simple explanation cryptocurrencies august the team retortal start building their own cryptocurrency, forked from cryptonote. july bitcoin has trebled value since started looking cryptocurrencies. formally decide get involved developing cryptocurrency with improvements over what available. april our first (ugly!) gpu miner born. june discovering there little known cryptocurrency called "electron" rename our project "electroneum" ensure differentiate ourselves from them. january have formally raised the initial investment required launch our cryptocurrency. planned for summer electroneum being developed electroneum ltd, which comprises small foundation team people who all started members retortal, and have worked together for over years. mostly comprised coders and developers, you'll also find expert cryptography and astrophysicist the team. the development takes place the retortal offices kent the united kingdom. due the open source nature our development, the progress and direction electroneum not fully contained within electroneum ltd, however our core team will play enormous role shaping, nurturing and developing electroneum during its early adoption. summary what electroneum? introduction summary cryptocurrency industry overview why would someone invest electroneum? the electroneum token sale electroneum market context simple explanation cryptocurrencies electroneum complementary currency that has been developed allow anyone, regardless technical ability, easy access cryptocurrency. within few minutes installing the mobile app any user can see electroneum being added their wallet via the unique mobile mining experience. nearly all cryptocurrencies are "mined" with specialist equipment. electroneum can obtained via the mobile mining experience the app. we've developed fully functioning crypto coin with some very unique features. we've identified multiple enormous markets and we've created free apple and android app that allows start penetrating those markets from day one after the token sale (st october summary electroneum. more accessible and more understandable for the average person introduction summary cryptocurrency industry overview why would someone invest electroneum? the electroneum token sale electroneum market context simple explanation cryptocurrencies even though electroneum utilizes tried and tested blockchain (the same blockchain model the largest cryptocurrency market capitalization monero, and the largest bytecoin has been developed have some unique features which make far more accessible for the average person. breaking down the barriers cryptocurrency entry current cryptocurrencies are new (relatively!) and exciting, but beyond the reach your everyday person. access cryptocurrencies you have make buy g.p.u. mining rig send copies your passport and personal documents website that you have probably never heard of. electroneum has all the great security and anonymity the leading crypto coins but it's controlled free, easy install app, which gives instant access electroneum with card details id. the electroneum app also lets you manage your wallet and send receive electroneum secure way. mining electroneum coins from your phone installing the free electroneum app (apple android) immediately gives the user the ability start gaining electroneum their wallet. all the time the app live (even background mode) will running the unique app based crypto mining experience, which requires zero technical knowledge. electroneum coins high, enable our app users quickly gain some electroneum and start understand it's use. they will find the app interesting, recommend the app and send and receive coins easily with technical ability. takes very little bandwidth, doesn't cost much run data. we've made the money supply summary two decimal place based cryptocurrency, with high coin number (money supply) introduction summary cryptocurrency industry overview why would someone invest electroneum? the electroneum token sale electroneum market context simple explanation cryptocurrencies cryptocurrencies often have relatively low coin numbers. for instance, bitcoin only has maximum million coins. what this means that the whole coins tend have large value and thus real world transactions for small amounts money tend look rather strange humans. are quite used swapping coins for things, but you bought can coke with bitcoin the moment (june you would pay something like bitcoin. this not very "human" number. have made electroneum's blockchain have billion coins, which will move the decimal places forwards. electroneum only uses two decimal places. everyone familiar with payment system that uses two decimal places, and sits more comfortably with them. believe this will encourage adoption rates, and make transactions easier understand and easier perform mental calculations with. it's easier tell someone that the price item electroneum than say bitcoin. with electroneum that same can coke would cost electroneum. that looks lot more like human currency, right? easier mine, easier understand. with electroneum's supply billion coins we've made easier mine whole coins and pay with whole coins. our studies non crypto-literate users showed that they prefer see whole number their wallet than fractions coin. when people our test groups saw they were getting coins their wallet leaving the app running, they rated the experience higher than when tested the experience with fractions coin appearing. followed bitcoins model would very disappointing. have deliberately avoided using blockchain that can mined with super powerful asics (the way all bitcoin are mined) and created blockchain that can mined with cpus, which enables the average person get involved. see the electroneum technical white paper from http:// electroneum.com for technical description how the electroneum memory bound algorithm for proof work specifically designed promote cpu mining, which average users have access and reduce the heavy industry approach mining that takes place the bitcoin market, and reduce the prevalence gpu mining that has become synonymous with ethereum mining (ethereum the second largest cryptocurrency market capitalization). mobile phone cpus are not very good the math behind mining cryptocurrency and the amount coins they could mine summary what ready live immediately after the token sale crowdsale? have already developed, finished and tested: blockchain (the underlying technology behind all cryptocurrencies) introduction app based wallet (allows access electroneum with zero tech knowledge) summary app based mining (allows non technical people gain some electroneum easily) cryptocurrency industry overview offline wallet (allows completely secure, unhackable, offline wallet created) why would someone invest electroneum? the electroneum token sale electroneum market context simple explanation cryptocurrencies windows wallet windows miner (leave your mining for more coins home the office) mining pool software (we run this make mining easier. open source allow others develop their own pools) blockchain explorer (used verify payments and examine the blockchain open source) third party payment api (used allow third parties accept electroneum pay out electroneum this critical implementation with the gaming industry) these items are enough for launch the user friendly, more accessible cryptocurrency, electroneum and gain traction, but are raising money this token sale for more ambitious plan. cryptocurrency industry overview introduction summary cryptocurrency industry overview why would someone invest electroneum? the electroneum token sale electroneum market context simple explanation cryptocurrencies the cryptocurrency, crypto tokens and other digital assets based blockchain technology are currently experiencing explosive growth period. blockchain technology allows the first true internationalisation store value, and recently the adoption rate has meant explosive growth both adoption and speculative value. started with bitcoin the number one cryptocurrency with market capitalization billion dollars. ethereum, very young upstart currency was valued just million usd. the explosive start has seen bitcoin surge market capitalization over billion usd and ethereum has caught incredible pace and now has market capitalization over billion usd. the market excited the opportunities that blockchain technology and decentralization currency present. there are over alternative crypto currencies trading today, with new use case for blockchain emerging every week. investors need think carefully before choosing project ensure the team, the technology and the idea are sound. why would someone invest electroneum? introduction summary cryptocurrency industry overview why would someone invest electroneum? the electroneum token sale electroneum market context simple explanation cryptocurrencies blockchain technologies and cryptocurrencies are disruptive and are growing exponential rate (https://www. technologyreview.com/s//the-cryptocurrency-market-isgrowing-exponentially/). believe that electroneum new, easy access cryptocurrency, will appeal regular people larger numbers than we've seen with existing cryptocurrencies such bitcoin and ethereum. such, think that electroneum will have great appeal for: long-term holders. those who wish buy and hold electroneum for any potential future value. cryptocurrency enthusiasts wishing involved the development the next evolutionary step the digital coin market. electroneum long term goals the scope our long terms goals largely defined the funds raised the crowdfunding token sale. with that mind have developed development and marketing strategy for every crowdfunding token sale outcome. the following would take place addition the previous development and marketing agendas. funds raised: funds raised: technical development technical development continue with our current development increase the full time team allow pace. integrate our electroneum api with dedicated team start work the number virtual goods sellers start electroneum virtual currency exchange. accepting electroneum. use funds develop and release marketing significant enhancement the use the funds market electroneum electroneum app make easy send standalone cryptocurrency mobile phone electroneum someone just knowing users. engage with thought leaders and their mobile phone number. stakeholders the gaming industry and the new app will work similar way develop relationships. whatsapp (telegram, line, wechat). once social media campaign, there huge you have verified your own mobile number amount that can done social media via sms you will able send and receive promote electroneum and its special electroneum with name contact money-making mining feature, particularly number. the demographic most likely use social marketing media most likely into gaming. partner with game industry leaders have produced animated explainer integrate the electroneum virtual currency video for the online gaming community exchange. develop viral marketing which ready launch. campaigns on-board gamers. use the funds market electroneum standalone cryptocurrency mobile phone the following would take place addition the previous development and marketing agendas. capitalize electroneum's ease use. where the people already are, make effortless get and use it, make integral our target market's existing activities/destinations including games and apps. ultimately, put the faces and wallets and pastimes the people want take up. make obvious, intuitive and second nature. create kudos bitcoin has brand that associates with cutting edge technology and decentralisation which makes cool. electroneum can fun (gamers) but just equally, "the people's bank" (make your own money) futuristic brand space and this can flexed for different demographics, cultures and locations across the world. the electroneum brand has few qualities its core, and this can nuanced feed the imagination different consumers meet the needs their earning and spending mentality. funds raised: technical development take xbox and playstation developers create the worlds first games console mining software. allow the million games console owners leave their console mining for electroneum when they are not use. develop gui based wallets and miners for windows and mac. translating raising this level funds makes worth translating and marketing multiple languages. our initial targeted languages are listed standard chinese, hindi, portuguese, arabic, russian, japanese, german, indonesian, spanish, french and italian. marketing use influencers leverage the celebrity status the gaming 'stars' who have hordes fans who pay them follow their game play. their use the currency winning and currency mining features will literally showcase the product and how works users. engage with thought leaders and our key market gamers. use these stakeholders the gaming industry and adopters influence the bulk the bell develop relationships. curve. electroneum long term goals the following would take place addition the previous development and marketing agendas. the following would take place addition the previous development and marketing agendas. the following would take place addition the previous development and marketing agendas. funds raised: funds raised: funds raised: $m+ technical development technical development technical development hire developers, designers and engineers ensure our blockchain development team enable electroneum "whitelabelled" with experience integrating with the assembled from the finest minds the enabling other future coin token sales largest brands. industry, allowing take electroneum creations make use it, whilst adding translating forwards with upgrades and developments features markets. this will enable raising this level funds would enable meet future expectations and electroneum capitalize other people's translate into the most predominant requirements. ideas and help prevent electroneum languages the planet. marketing being superceded. marketing encourage takeup everyday online marketing authority highlighting the security usage getting voucher apps like groupon, market electroneum globally the credentials the currency will make wowcher, travelzoo and ecommerce sites internet currency. attractive those who are still wary like amazon, ali baba and taobao board create brand around electroneum that purchasing online. will bring the currency into the everyday allows accepted the same way our marketing this level will include domain for millions consumers. paypal accepted. paypal just vehicle some key endorsements. aside from set jv's and partnerships with major but millions people choose use paypal being endorsed gaming influencers, the websites, attempting partner with the even though their bankcard provides the security and convenience electroneum likes facebook and google. ensuring exact same service. could endorsed global celebrities. consumers know they can mine while take our marketing places that have they're surfing the web and earn valuable never been reached. through global currency via their phone, desktop and outreach, sponsorship and viral marketing laptops. believe can access millions look building mining features into people who currently not have bank existing popular games partnering with account, but have smartphone. the game producers. attempt create with minecraft the user could mining real world currency (electroneum) the same time playing the game. the electroneum crowdsale token sale (fundraiser) introduction summary cryptocurrency industry overview why would someone invest electroneum? the electroneum token sale electroneum market context simple explanation cryptocurrencies are raising funds via token sale. are allowing people chance purchase electroneum advance being listed the various exchanges. the level funds raise will depend what can achieve and the speed which achieve it. general development roadmap order based funds: global translation the app integration global sms message system authenticate app users and allow "whatsapp telegram" style system make the transfer electroneum even easier between coin owners. international promotion electroneum development gui cpu miner which can run windows and more accessible gui wallet manager for windows. team will concurrently building the virtual currency exchange app and global marketing. the desktop version the exchange will available via our github open source repository (https://github.com/ electroneum/). electroneum token sale pricing and release schedule electroneum will holding its token sale september th, the token sale will run until the initial coin block has been taken october st, have deliberately made one thousand times many electroneum coins there are bitcoin available, move the decimal places forwards and make the coin more accessible the average user. please see page period date days for more information about electroneum and how more accessible and understandable than other crypto currencies. there will total ,,, billion) electroneum coins available for cent each the offering. payment must made ethereum bitcoin. believe that rewarding users for early adoption will enhance the future value electroneum and encourage fast growth. have set the following bonus structure reward those who choose purchase early. bonus rate electroneum issued sept coins per usd days sept coins per usd days sept oct coins per usd days oct coins per usd days oct coins per usd last oct coins per usd the electroneum crowdsale token sale (fundraiser) unsold coins mining bonus introduction summary cryptocurrency industry overview why would someone invest electroneum? the electroneum token sale electroneum market context simple explanation cryptocurrencies there are any electroneum coins left the token sale closing date october they will distributed into the mobile mining bonus pool. has been common token sales destroy any remaining coins. have decided that there guarantee that these coins are "burned" destroyed and have decided would the interest all purchasers the remaining coins are used controlled manner increase the mobile miners return. slightly increasing the mining return mobile devices will dramatically increase the viral number electroneum users, which will increase the value electroneum for all investors. month will not release any bonus pool. mining drops below that figure will release enough bump mobile mining usd value per month. participating the electroneum token sale electroneum coins will available investors before the general public. investors will able purchase electroneum coins one two ways: with ethereum with bitcoin. you have other, alternate, cryptocurrencies that you would like use purchase electroneum coins then please use shapeshift (https://shapeshift.io/#/coins) convert ethereum bitcoin before taking part the electroneum token sale. the electroneum token sale manager have developed unique platform manage the token sale process: http://my.electroneum.com. simply create account and follow the instructions get involved with the token sale. you will able track your transactions and see (in real time) the exchange bitcoin ethereum for electroneum. the end the token sale your electroneum balance will moved into electroneum wallet address (or wallet addresses) your choice. will keep all investors informed which exchanges are listing electroneum for trading purposes. mobile miners are able mine electroneum worth usd per electroneum market context two main focus areas introduction summary cryptocurrency industry overview why would someone invest electroneum? the electroneum token sale electroneum market context simple explanation cryptocurrencies have focused our research and attention two huge potential markets for the use electroneum. the speed our market penetration into each these will depend largely the funds raised the crowdsale token sale. the two markets that are focusing our attention are: gaming (computer games) gaming (gambling) computer gaming industry plan changing the way gamers (computer game players) and game companies work together during the constant migration gamers what's new and exciting. the average retention rate multiplayer online game just after the first days. (http://www. pocketgamer.biz/comment-andopinion//the-numbers-behindthe-lifecycle-of-mobile-games/) gamers are constantly seeking the new and following what's trend. the app based electroneum virtual currency exchange will allow gamers transfer some their hard work and time from one game new game enabling them monetize their "in-play" virtual currencies and take them with them into the real world. the same time the game company develops exit based revenue stream and additional introductory revenue stream (as they take commission entry and exit the game). there are over billion gamers the world. the average lifecycle mobile game includes nearly its userbase migrating away from within two months after intense use. leave search something else. nutshell, electroneum will allow people keep the value their hard work from within one game and transfer into their next game. the game companies will incentivized allow this sharing the profit from the bid/ask spread (the price difference between buying and selling), allowing them monetize people leaving and further monetize people joining the game. massively multiplayer online games (mmogs) have lower player retention rate than mobile games, with remarkable drop the first days. (https://mmos.com/ editorials/mmo-hopping) hard work, lost. most multiplayer player interaction games have some kind virtual currency currently the time and hard work that player puts game all lost the moment they choose more importantly for electroneum, not just revenue that increasing. the user (gamer) numbers are increasing even more rapidly with mobile gaming and social games such mmog (massively multiplayer online game) gaming responsible for most that growth. the computer games industry has grown steadily year year and variously predicted reach between billion and billion references https://ukie.org.uk/research https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/ https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/ electroneum market context the global games audience estimated between and billion players. introduction summary cryptocurrency industry overview why would someone invest electroneum? the electroneum token sale electroneum market context simple explanation cryptocurrencies more than gamers are now choosing social games. only gamers make inapp purchases, leaving gaming companies looking for alternative ways monetize players. existing virtual currencies large percentage social games and mmogs use internal credits some form game based virtual currency within their virtual economy. games rely "money like" credits direct virtual currencies (such farmville dollars tencent's coins). some games, such the hugely popular world warcraft, which has over subscribers use number different virtual currencies from relatively obvious ones such "brawlers gold" and "coins air" more poetically named "bloody coins" and "dalaran jewelcrafter's tokens". what they all have common that they can all seen in-play store value, and just like the real world, the harder obtain the virtual currency, the larger its in-game value. current market for virtual currency exchange black market unregulated "gold farmers" has developed, nearly always against the game company's terms and conditions, that enables people that don't have the time commitments skills required acquire enough virtual currency within the game make external purchases virtual currencies with tangible hard currencies. virtual currency market size and activity this black market for virtual currencies supported portals such www.gg.com which enables people purchase in-game virtual currencies for fixed dollar prices. game companies have input into the way the current unregulated market operates, and make profit from the sale their virtual currencies and virtual items. since the game companies are not involved, the system for taking the payment and delivering the virtual currency the new owner extremely fragile, and fraught with uncertainty. the original currency owner has agree meet the new owner within the game somewhere, and then drop the virtual currency item the virtual floor, giving few moments pick them up. most gamers would unaware black market sites like www.gg. com worried about using them for many reasons, such providing credit card details black market operators and relying the seller arrange meet within the game. references https://ukie.org.uk/research http://www.bigfishgames.com/blog/video-game-trends-and-statistics-whosplaying-what-and-why/ http://www.techtimes.com/ articles///report-finds--percent-mobile-gamers-make-app-purchases. htm https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/massively_ multiplayer_online_game#virtual_economies https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gold_farming electroneum market context risk, game integration. market growth. introduction summary cryptocurrency industry overview why would someone invest electroneum? the electroneum token sale electroneum market context simple explanation cryptocurrencies getting some game companies integrate directly with our exchange, there will risk players and far more exposure the ability trade virtual currencies, the game companies will have financial incentive monetize players exit from the game. there are published figures for the size the market for in-game currencies, however figures from china alone placed the figure several billion yuan per year (us million). game companies adopting the electroneum exchange platform would grow this market significantly. allowing players fast track their progress within the games purchasing virtual currencies virtual items for fixed dollar amounts themselves, this has slowed the black market operators, but has not prevented because players cannot cash their old items with the game companies when they decide leave the game, but they are left with virtual commodity that they can sell the black market. the game company had integrated with the electroneum virtual currency exchange, number things would happen: the player would have market sell their virtual currency (into electroneum coins) game companies selling virtual goods and currencies direct the game company would earn commission (in electroneum) the sale mobile games struggle more than online games, with only players opting make in-app purchases. around mmog (massively multiplayer online game) companies have already started the player would free hold their coins until they entered new game, whereby they could buy new virtual currency items with their electroneum. the game company would also earn commission the purchase side virtual currency allowing them monetize the front end acquisition players addition any game purchase price. risk game companies the game companies that are already selling their own virtual commodities for cash might not want integrate with electroneum would reduce that market (not eliminate it), players would bringing some value from another game. benefits game companies however, game companies that have currently not adopted that model would benefit from multiple things: new entry and exit revenue stream references http://www.techtimes.com/ articles///report-finds--percent-mobile-gamers-make-app-purchases. html electroneum market context access new players who are searching for market which spend their electroneum introduction summary cryptocurrency industry overview why would someone invest electroneum? the electroneum token sale electroneum market context simple explanation cryptocurrencies publicity. the first adopters will gain huge publicity the gaming press for taking the steps bring their virtual currencies out into the real world, just like the forex markets. open source virtual currency exchange don't see electroneum owning and running the exchange see developing the technology allow anyone set electroneum exchange. was important factor, which have taken note and used developing our api, which ready deploy. even game companies that are currently monetizing their in-play virtual currencies taking credit card payments for currency and virtual items have been willing engage further discussion. game companies general appear accept that blockchain technologies are coming and they need embrace them rather than ignore them. this increases the likelihood electroneum becoming the defacto cryptocurrency for use within the virtual currency world, and discourages competition. game company feedback have established dialogue with number game companies, including some the top game companies the world turnover and the feedback has been positive. the ease integration electroneum market context gaming (gambling market) introduction summary cryptocurrency industry overview why would someone invest electroneum? the electroneum token sale electroneum market context simple explanation cryptocurrencies the gaming market not slow catch new market and you will find many gaming companies all gaming sectors that accept bitcoin. the problem that they are facing the difficulty obtaining bitcoins the first place. obtain bitcoins for local cash you have to: have bank account. send copies your passport and personal documents website that you have probably never heard of. make international transfer funds, which probably involves sitting down your bank and paying fee for making the overseas transfer. opening enormous new gaming markets over billion people the world not have bank account (https:// letstalkpayments.com/-of-the- worlds-population-does-not-have-abank-account/ this market that gaming companies are desperate access, but until now have been unable to. this market literally cannot make digital payment any kind. many developing nations, especially india and china are huge interest the gaming companies. developing countries are experiencing huge growth internet access, mostly smartphone. over people developing countries have some form internet access (http:// www.pewglobal.org//// smartphone-ownership-andinternet-usage-continues-to-climbin-emerging-economies/). this stark contrast from the number people with bank accounts, and shows that there are hundreds millions people who have internet access but bank account. these people could, theory, enjoy the digital gaming market they could obtain bitcoin. electroneum solves this problem allowing the accumulation funds mobile mining, which means could used for gaming. winnings can paid back the users wallet address, allowing them play and carry out other transactions electroneum. the gaming company profit electroneum will exchangeable the gaming company into usd via digital asset exchange like kraken, bittrex, poloniex. gaming market feedback have consultant board from the gaming industry who has shown the electroneum concept number gaming companies with international interests. the feedback has been overwhelmingly positive and will taking this project forwards after the token sale. simple explanation cryptocurrencies simple explanation cryptocurrencies introduction summary cryptocurrency industry overview why would someone invest electroneum? the electroneum token sale electroneum market context simple explanation cryptocurrencies imagine world without money. not easy do. we've lived with money some form other since civilisation began. money way storing your hard work convenient way exchange for someone else's hard work. we're used money its modern day form that don't spend much time thinking about concept. modern fiat currencies such the dollar and the great british pound are based trust. these traditional currencies are longer backed anything (the gold standard ended the and the trust works well very large, stable, economies, however most the world made poor countries with less stable economies. when government short money, awfully tempting print some more. the problem with printing more money that the store value decreased with the increase supply. you don't already know about hyperinflation then google the "weimar republic hyperinflation" "zimbabwe hyperinflation" see what happens currency when too much printed. electronic currency traditional currencies are made paper and metal, however most developed nations people can exchange these currencies between themselves electronically relying third party bank) store ledgers the money. the bank stores digital number (the amount currency one person has) and they inform another bank that some that money has been sent someone else. one ledger decreased and another increased. all the existing digital exchange money done third party trust banks. the concept cryptocurrency not just way transfer money between people, entirely new way thinking about money. the reason currently need banks make digital transfers because something called the double spending problem. all digital things can copied. you've heard the film industry suffering from pirated movies. the film industry has spent years and many millions dollars trying prevent it, but they have failed. digital things can copied. this means that the past, any digital currency suffered from the ability users "print more it". the double spending problem solved cryptocurrency, and solving it, has opened radical new way thinking about store value, trust and convenience. before you dismiss this and think "banks perfectly good job, don't need this" remember that simple explanation cryptocurrencies taxis were doing perfectly good job before uber. but uber works better. introduction summary cryptocurrency industry overview why would someone invest electroneum? the electroneum token sale landline phones were perfectly good phones. but cell phones are better. cryptocurrency better way transferring your money. electroneum market context simple explanation cryptocurrencies cryptocurrencies are not controlled any organisation individual. currently rely banks keep that ledger date. the bank goes bust with our money their ledger then might well say goodbye the money. certainly the bank will charge you (or the receiving party) for digitally open source. this means that everyone who using the currency controlling the currency, but there nobody charge. the cryptocurrency manages itself. this sounds fantastically complicated and is, however just you don't need understand how iphone works gain great benefit from it, the same true cryptocurrencies, and they are getting more accessible with each forward step the technology. electroneum one such step. with cryptocurrency everyone who uses the currency has copy the ledger. one person organisation control the ledger. all the currency rules and regulations are clearly defined and the currency system itself simple explanation cryptocurrencies why not use bank? introduction summary cryptocurrency industry overview why would someone invest electroneum? the electroneum token sale electroneum market context simple explanation cryptocurrencies being able transfer money someone else without having use bank dramatically reduces the complexity and increases the speed international transfers. this makes international trade easier and cheaper. with the amount fraud that reported online people are fearful entering their financial information make purchases, especially for small, low cost items. cryptocurrencies can anonymous, and protect the payor and payee. there are over billion people the world that not have access bank, and yet they have access the internet. there are over billion people the world without bank account, and mobile devices and internet access growing fast. why use cryptocurrency? store value securely, privately and digitally. move that money around the world almost instantly with zero cost. there are over million people who use paypal make internet transactions even though they have working bank card that they could use make the payment directly. they chose paypal for additional security and convenience. cryptocurrencies offer high level security and anonymity without requiring bank involved. references https://www.statista.com/statistics// paypals-total-active-registered-accountsfrom-/