white paper update june preface the electroneum team, now consisting more than individuals operations, marketing and development, have been working hard for two years create one the world's top cryptocurrency ecosystems. with enormous real world usage, electroneum stands out providing people emerging markets with access digital payments and the global task economy. whilst our approach continues evolve, our vision has remained the same: "gain mass adoption increasing financial inclusion and providing solutions that empower millions people across the developing world. teach new digital skills and allow people earn from them, giving access the wealth and demand the global north." the entire team electroneum would like take this opportunity once again thank our user community for their ongoing support. their engagement vital the continued growth the electroneum project, drives forward educate and provide global employment opportunities those who can benefit the most. truly exciting period for electroneum, its partner organisations and the people serving. electroneum, seems just the kind innovation which can help ensure that, no-one left behind, unconnected and financially excluded, the world changes around them. david bull cbe ceo unicef project overview electroneum's statistics june these statistics are verified trusted third-party. million+ registered users instant app app transfers million+ app downloads mobile top ups countries blockchain transactions/month merchants accept etn electroneum has genuine users, huge usage and real-world ecosystem. users are not just cryptocurrency enthusiasts. massive number etn users are unbanked and they are finding that using etn adding real utility their lives. are not charity, are sustainable business model that empowers real people. according the world bank, more than billion people cannot access traditional banking services. the world becomes increasingly globalised, those cut off from banking suffer the most. one such example within the task economy, which according mastercard valued excess billion usd. online marketplaces fuelling the task economy include the likes freelancer, upwork and fiverr. these marketplaces have made tremendous strides providing buyers with low cost services, and sellers with audience global buyers. however, all existing task platforms suffer the same flaw; they require both buyer and seller banked. electroneum, established overcomes this issue, providing simple mobile application that enables anyone, anywhere, buy and sell goods and services remotely. its core electroneum's own blockchain and cryptocurrency, etn. electroneum's blockchain enables fast and secure transfer value between users without incurring large transactional fees. with more than million registered users just under three years, electroneum has already become hugely popular. key developments throughout and including their own instant payment notification system and kyc/aml compliance system, helped reinforce the foundation from which electroneum has continued grow. the first developmental focus for was major redevelopment the blockchain. this new network not only faster, more energy efficient and significantly more secure than virtually all other blockchains existence today, but offers something other blockchain has this day; energy responsibility. electroneum has successfully implemented new blockchain protocol that call 'proof responsibility', delivering mining rewards not anonymous miners around the world, but ngos across emerging markets who strive help the very people electroneum setting out educate and empower. developed revolutionary new freelancer platform called anytask.com that removes the need for sellers have bank account. whilst buyers still pay with visa mastercard, the seller receives payment etn. better still, the seller incurs fees, ensuring they keep their profit. anytask.com went live and has already attracted registered users. saw the launch two new platforms, the first being etneverywhere.com. large global community businesses and merchants who accept etn. the platform gives merchants official business listing that can searched for and viewed customers, both locally and across the world. with etn-accepting merchants more than countries, customers can search the online map find businesses their local area that deliver products services their country, making even easier find ways spend their etn. the second platform, etndonate.com, empowers the crypto community make vital donations selected ngos/charities, make difference around the world. giving selected charities the opportunity accept donations etn, each charity accessing completely new way fundraise. electroneum passionate about helping ngos/ charities increase their donations, especially these uncertain times are all facing. etn adoption continues grow across the world, electroneum looking for new ways users can spend their etn. electroneum introduced the ability top-up mobile airtime and data directly from within the electroneum app. that service now available with hundreds operators across more than countries. utility top-up exciting next step for electroneum and its users. supporting major electricity suppliers nigeria, mali, gambia and senegal, users will able top-up their prepaid electricity meter from within the electroneum app. this continues grow rapidly, electroneum plan expand utility top-ups more regions. the focus for electroneum throughout the remainder provide people emerging markets access the task economy via anytask.com, upskilling through new platform, taskschool.com, and continuing our efforts provide people with more ways spend etn their communities. through these efforts that the electroneum project will continue grow and become driving force for financial inclusion emerging markets. key differences there are many important differences between electroneum and the other cryptocurrencies. electroneum's focus become sustainable solution financial inclusion emerging markets: only major cryptocurrency project focused improving the lives people emerging markets through education, charitable initiatives and employment first cryptocurrency introduce instant payment system (patent pending), ensuring etn can used for everyday purchases and transactions first cryptocurrency voluntarily adopt kyc/aml compliance procedures ahead the european aml directive, highlighting electroneum's stance regulatory compliance one the fastest growing cryptocurrencies with more than million registered users just under three years, surpassed only few top five projects in-app mobile airtime and data top-up using etn over countries and the first cryptocurrency collaborate with major network operator one the largest online communities found within the cryptocurrency sector having attracted more than followers across major social media platforms invited the gsma (global system for mobile communications) sit their gsma intelligence panel and join more than mobile operators and companies becoming associate member one the only blockchains insusceptible attack (the largest threat blockchain networks) reduced blockchain energy consumption from equivalent powering approximately million light bulbs around dozen replaced anonymous miners with permissioned ngo miners, rewarding vocational charities instead international large-scale mining pools launched affordable usd electroneum smartphone, designed for those emerging markets who otherwise can only afford reconditioned phone launched anytask.com, new freelancer platform enabling anyone emerging markets sell digital services online global audience buyers target audience the billion 'unbanked' people across the world, there are more than million people who have smartphones; number which increases substantially every year. ...blockchain exciting advancement that could help revolutionize fields beyond finance. could, for example, power financial inclusion providing new, low-cost payment methods those who lack bank accounts and the process empower millions low-income countries. christine lagarde managing director, international monetary fund this group not see themselves unbanked. they are individuals with their own hopes and fears, which brands have failed understand. order connect and activate the great potential this group, one must understand who they are. banking does not equate opportunity. anytask.com empowers people via the power etn. today's leading freelance platforms have made tremendous leaps providing individuals and businesses way getting jobs done quicker and cheaper, whilst offering freelancers the ability earn living online. however, they all have one major restriction, that both buyer and seller require access bank account. that longer the case with anytask. anytask works similarly other leading freelance marketplaces, offering buyers variety digital services, from logo design and video creation, translation and remote training. buyers still pay dollars with their debit credit card, however the key difference how the payment delivered the seller. unlike any other freelance marketplace, payment delivered electroneum (etn), meaning they not require bank account. they receive payment directly into their electroneum wallet, matter where they are the world. better still, they pay zero seller fees. why not head over anytask.com and take look. total registered users active sellers total active tasks societies around the world gradually use less cash, and transactions become fully digital, cryptocurrencies are clearly the next step the evolution currency. electroneum one only few cryptocurrencies that has gone step beyond, entirely bypassing the need for bank account, allowing users purchase mobile airtime, data top-ups and everyday items participating stores. encourage local merchants developing countries see the benefits signing receive payments etn, have launched etneverywhere.com. etn everywhere global community businesses and merchants who accept etn. the platform gives merchants official business listing that can searched for and viewed customers, both locally and across the world. with hundreds etn-accepting merchants over countries, customers can search the online map find businesses that will serve them and accept payments etn. electroneum continues expand into the global digital economy, etn will become increasingly usable and widely accepted. this real-world ecosystem will allow etn used every day purchase everyday items the people who need most. cryptocurrency can make difference etndonate.com empowers the crypto community make vital donations selected ngos/charities, make difference around the world. giving selected charities the opportunity accept donations etn, each charity accessing completely new way fundraise. electroneum passionate about helping ngos/charities increase their donations, especially these uncertain times are all facing. law regulation every country has different cryptocurrency regulations. electroneum has been designed from the ground allow different requirements different regions, subject the local laws. electroneum voluntarily introduced kyc/aml compliance procedures ahead the aml directive. electroneum ltd. registered england and wales and owned and operated from within the united kingdom the centre the global financial services industry. electroneum will supervised the uk's financial conduct authority for aml purposes electroneum can provide government reporting, showing exactly how much etn owned country, how many transactions have taken place, transaction sizes, adoption rates and much more. under english law, electroneum may regarded payment/exchange token, which neither utility token nor security token. electroneum mobile app the electroneum mobile application enables users easily manage their etn. user's wallet only accessible via their own secure passcode. once inside the app, the wallet informs the user how much etn they have. using the in-built converter, the user can any time display their etn balance their local fiat currency. etn can transferred any other etn wallet, in-person remotely. etn wallets use -character public address, known public key etn wallet address. anyone can send etn wallet, either copying and pasting the address, scanning the code generated the electroneum app. the growing number in-store and online options available gives users somewhere spend their etn. users have the option top-up their mobile airtime and data within the app over countries. etn cryptocurrency blockchain cryptocurrency (etn) electroneum, the cryptocurrency, payment/exchange token commonly referred etn. has total circulation billion that will never increased. etn used send receive value, either in-person remotely. similar fiat currencies, etn has market value that fluctuates, down. the electroneum app handles any fluctuation using the built-in converter, making one the easiest cryptocurrencies for everyday use. electroneum has built its own instant payment notification system, which guarantees the delivery etn, ensuring both buyer and seller can complete their transaction instantly and without fear the payment not arriving. this overcomes the largest obstacle towards cryptocurrency adoption. contrast fiat currency transactions which make take several days complete, etn can transferred anyone the world instantly and virtually cost. for businesses any size, electroneum has made incredibly easy accept etn payment, through the electroneum app, via epos system via ecommerce website. all methods can found etneverywhere.com website. etn can stored several ways, including digital wallet (hot wallet) and paper wallet (cold storage) formats. blockchain the electroneum blockchain uses unique algorithm that we've termed por (proof responsibility). the blockchain has received significant praise from the blockchain space including the co-inventor the blockchain, dr. scott stornetta, whose work from included the original bitcoin whitepaper. praised electroneum for the implementation its moderated blockchain, including its improved security and philanthropic approach redirecting mining rewards those who need the most. safer blockchain following the implementation its new blockchain protocol, electroneum became one the most secure blockchains existence today, becoming insusceptible blockchain's largest threat; the attack. this was achieved through number initiatives, the first which was the move permissioned, moderated network. addition selecting and authenticating its validators, electroneum implemented new moderation layer. the layer remains dormant all the while the network running smoothly; however, the case possible attack, the layer will determine where the attack originating from and shut down the compromised validators. more responsible blockchain originating non-permissioned network, anyone, any entity could mine the blockchain. this resulted thousands miners, many whom were part commercial mining operations, who simply mined the blockchain profit from the etn block rewards. these miners had interest the sustainability the project. the move permissioned network enabled electroneum overcome this issue. they selected number non-governmental organisations (ngos) validators, who would use the etn block rewards enhance their existing charitable initiatives. currently have network validators including: ubuntu pathways, non-profit organisation that provides integrated support system health, education, and social support the townships port elizabeth, south africa. wonder foundation, non-profit organization that aims empower women, girls and their community through access quality education, that they can exit poverty for good. project child, non-profit organization that aim provide every child indonesia with the opportunity learn, have healthy start, and feel supported and secure living clean environment that prepared for natural disasters. lawyers for good for charities/ngos looking for legal support lawyers looking for more meaning. their share the etn block rewards towards the project children's fund malawi, the greenmatala entrepreneurial village. the project helping improve the lives underprivileged children and young adults with tangible financial, vocational, life and entrepreneurial skills. greener blockchain despite thousands transactions taking place each day, etn's energy consumption has been drastically reduced with the implementation por. prior the upgrade, the hashing power mine etn consumed energy equivalent million light bulbs, each and every day. however, after the implementation the moderated blockchain, the energy required ngo's validate blocks was reduced the equivalent powering around dozen light bulbs. electroneum february electroneum exhibited mwc, the world's largest exhibition for the mobile industry. unlike like many other affordable smartphones, the electroneum offers quality specifications, including connectivity, dual sims, quad core processor, well front and rear facing cameras. targeted those emerging markets, where would typically buy reconditioned phone, the electroneum remains promising prospect for many. and part many commercial discussion with mobile operators and distributors across several emerging market countries. coming soon taskschool gives the opportunity for any the millions that are unbanked access online digital learning cost. accessing our e-learning platform, people developing countries will have the opportunity gain new skills that they can sell anytask.com. taskschool teaches users range skills from extremely simple tasks, such photo retouching, more complex tasks like designing logos laptop with free software such inkscape. anytask allows people around the world, including those without bank account, earn new way with these new basic skills they can acquire through taskschool. conclusion electroneum still under three years old and yet has achieved more than virtually all other cryptocurrencies terms real world usage. have carved out access niche market that consists hundreds millions people and have made great strides towards empowering them, making etn attractive way earn and spend. our cryptocurrency ecosystem sees the circulation etn without the need continuously convert fiat via exchanges. this one the first times modern history that have seen new medium exchange being used the real world, many people. electroneum started its mission gain mass adoption cryptocurrency and considers has done more achieve this than projects. electroneum actively demonstrating its potential provide new learning opportunities vast new audience across the emerging markets. the electroneum brand has started building name outside the crypto community, particularly south africa, brazil, nigeria, uganda, tanzania and turkey (countries where inapp usage has been highest). mobile top-ups etn popular feature with over transactions date. utility top-ups and further developments will make etn increasingly valuable use. two key activities for electroneum are anytask and the launch taskschool. these platforms provide way for people earn new ways and also use case for other established platforms, who, through anytask's success, may choose adopt etn form payment. expanded etn everywhere continues electroneum's efforts grow the use and acceptance etn across emerging markets. conclusion, are now stronger position than ever take electroneum forward becoming one the top brands the cryptocurrency space. bibliography references verified cointelligence https://news.electroneum.com/cointelligence-electroneum-is-an-example-oftransparency-in-a-crypto-space-that-is-mostly-secretive the world bank https://globalfindex.worldbank.org/ mastercard https://newsroom.mastercard.com/wp-content/uploads///gigeconomy-white-paper-may-.pdf anytask terms conditions https://anytask.com/terms-and-conditions electroneum terms conditions https://electroneum.com/terms-and-conditions/ major network operator https://news.electroneum.com/electroneum-first-cryptocurrency-to-workdirectly-with-a-mobile-network-operator-cellcard-to-also-sell-the-msmartphone gsma https://www.gsma.com/membership/membership-types/associatemembership/ insusceptible attack https://electroneum.prezly.com/electroneum-creates-positively-disruptiveblockchain-that-shields-etn-from--attacks greener blockchain https://electroneum.prezly.com/electroneum-is-the-greenest-crypto-afterreducing-mining-energy-needs-to-nearly-zero ngos/charities https://electroneum.prezly.com/electroneum-and-ubuntu-pathways-join-forcesin-ground-breaking-deal dr. scott stornetta https://news.electroneum.com/founding-father-of-blockchain-scott-stornettatalks-bitcoin-and-electroneum