whitepaper ai-driven and blockchain-based cognitive commerce platform aware that any purchase crypto tokens extremely risky. never spend any funds that you cannot afford lose. make sure you read and understand this whitepaper, terms sale and all possible associated risks. disclaimer and risk disclosure please read this entire section and not take any actions until you finish it. the purpose this whitepaper present summary eligma's business model, value proposition and introduction the eligma crowdsale for potential token purchasers connection with the proposed token sale. the information set forth below may changed for any reason, may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. the sale and purchase eli tokens governed the terms sale available the eligma website. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s) and immediately navigate away from the eligma website and not contribute the development eligma. this whitepaper does not purport all-inclusive contain all information that you may desire examining the project. this whitepaper's sole purpose provide relevant and reasonable information you order for you determine whether undertake thorough analysis the project and the company with the intent acquiring eli tokens. purchase eli tokens involves high degree risk, and you should not spend any funds this crowdsale unless you can afford lose your entire amount spent. please refer the terms sale for more comprehensive list possible risks concerning the eli token purchase. all information and content provided this whitepaper used "as is" basis. making decision purchase eli tokens, you must rely your own examination the project and the terms thereof, including the merits and all different risks involved. prior making decision regarding the purchase eli tokens, you should consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s), all matters concerning this purchase, and carefully review and consider this entire whitepaper. you and other prospective token purchasers are encouraged ask questions about eligma, its business and the terms sale the crowdsale, and request such data may necessary enable you make informed purchase decision. nothing this whitepaper, the eligma website the terms sale will deemed constitute prospectus any sort solicitation for investment, nor does any way pertain offering solicitation offer buy any securities any jurisdiction. you decide purchase eli tokens, please note that your purchase does not involve the exchange cryptocurrencies for any form securities, investment units and/or form ordinary other shares eligma any other company. furthermore, you eli token holder not receive any form dividend other revenue right that guaranteed participate profit sharing scheme nor receive any right ownership eligma ltd. any right participate the management eligma ltd. for these reasons that believe that eli tokens are not securities and may purchased anyone. you determine that eli tokens may constitute securities subject regulation any country, strongly advise you not acquire them and suggest you immediately notify the possible risks. this document not composed accordance with, and not subject to, laws regulations any jurisdiction that are designed protect investors. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. financial information contained this whitepaper has been audited. eligma, its founders, team members and any third party involved eligma project not warrant assume any legal liability arising out related the accuracy, reliability, completeness any material contained this whitepaper any accompanied material statements. the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, eligma, its founders, team members and any third party involved the eligma project will not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof, any accompanied material, statements information provided the eligma website you. all statements, estimates, and financial information contained this whitepaper, the eligma website, press releases any other place, accessible the public, and oral statements that may made eligma, its founders, team members and any third party involved the eligma project and acting behalf eligma, that are not statements historical fact, constitute forward-looking statements information. such forward-looking statements information involves known and unknown risks and uncertainties which may cause actual events results differ materially from the estimates the results implied expressed such forward-looking statements. these statements may identified words such "expect", "target", "anticipate", "intend", "plan", "estimate", "will", "should", "could", "would", "if", "may", "possible", "project" words similar meaning form. however, these words are not the exclusive means identifying forward-looking statements. the law certain jurisdictions may restrict limit the sale and purchase eli tokens. these jurisdictions include but are not limited canada, people's republic china, singapore, south korea and the united states america (including puerto rico, the u.s. virgin islands any other territories). the eli tokens are not being offered distributed to, well cannot resold otherwise alienated their holders to, citizens of, natural and legal persons, having their habitual residence, location their seat incorporation the country territory listed above where transactions with digital tokens are prohibited any manner restricted applicable laws regulations. such restricted person purchases eli tokens, such restricted person has done unlawful, unauthorized and fraudulent basis and this regard, will bear negative consequences. aforesaid persons that participate the fundraiser providing false information about their citizenship, residency place and nationality, will breach the terms sale eli tokens and would entitle eligma request such persons compensate any damages and/or losses suffered due this violation. you agree that you purchase, receive and hold the eli tokens your own risk and that eli tokens are provided 'as is' basis without warranties any kind, either express implied. your responsibility determine you are legally allowed purchase eli tokens your jurisdiction and whether you can then resell eli tokens another purchaser any given jurisdiction. you bear the sole responsibility for determining assessing the tax implications your participation the crowdsale, purchasing, receiving and holding eli tokens all respects and any relevant jurisdiction. you represent and warrant that the contributed funds not derive from any illegal activity and allow appropriate anti-money laundering (aml) checks. you understand and accept that may any time and without any explanation reject any contribution the basis simple suspicion that the funds derive from illegal acts that aml regulation was not honoured. this whitepaper may updated altered with the latest version the whitepaper prevailing over previous versions. eligma not obligated give you any notice the fact content any changes. the latest version the whitepaper english available the website https://eligma.io/. however, there obligation update, supplement correct this whitepaper accompanying materials any respect, otherwise provide you with access any additional information. the information contained herein may from time time translated into languages other than english used the course written verbal communications with existing and prospective token purchasers, customers, partners, etc. the event any conflicts inconsistencies between such translations and communications and this official english language whitepaper, the provisions this english language original document will prevail. word from our founder "it's nothing personal, it's just business." strongly disagree. me, entrepreneurship passionate belief and personal mindset that can make all the difference between success and failure. the reason behind actions, the source ambition, dedication and pride. and when you put much yourself, your time and your belongings it, business becomes very personal. eligma dream started dreaming decade ago. technological changes and rapid advancements made think how everything around connected and how thoroughly the internet changing the way live. recognized the advantages, but also the traps. one thing was obvious--in this era data, consumers have too much choose from and not enough time. that why eligma mission connect all online commerce into one-stop point and use the latest technology help all navigate consumption-oriented world. harnessing and blockchain eligma will act our personal shopping assistant, giving the overview our belongings, but most all helping take back control and empowering our decision-making, which consumers have lost. the best thing: will save time that all desperately lack. now, the dream eligma becoming reality with the help three co-founders. are all dreamers with one important distinction: not just imagine, but actually live our dreams! joze mermal dreamt area that would connect business, entertainment, shopping, well-being and innovations one place. today, manages btc city--a area ljubljana with more than brands, companies, stores, bars, restaurants and over million yearly visitors. one the largest shopping areas europe. country with only million inhabitants, his dream became definition innovation, open mindset and commerce evolution. matej gregorcic's vision made him living legend the blockchain community. for him, entrepreneurship like competition the olympic games--years training and dedication leading one big race win! the heart and mind viberate, start-up that became the new standard and synonym for top-notch crowdsale projects. whole life also connected start-ups and innovations. have lived around the world, doing business and improving myself the process practically everywhere could. the dream eligma started shanghai and was the time called crowdering. its main goal was connect people directly with factories, removing middlemen from the process. path then led amsterdam, where got familiar with printing, and then slovenia, where immediately founded the abc accelerator. three years after that, abc was named the best start-up accelerator central europe with new offices popping-up silicon valley, germany, slovenia, bosnia and ukraine. invested more than start-ups and raised more than million dollars help turn the world into better place its own special way. many things need come together for something big eligma happen. for our team, last summer was crucial. talk over coffee challenged stop wishing and start making biggest dream reality. meant big change for me, was the ceo amazing company and enjoyed job tremendously. but knew that was willing let everything else for eligma. both matej and joze supported and more. joze brings his invaluable knowledge, experience and the btc city infrastructure test eligma the real world. the other hand, matej lives and breathes statistics, metrics, blockchain, crypto, but most all, supports expand limits. when you put three dreamers together, you get guarantee that something extraordinary about happen. dejan roljic, ceo and founder eligma index project overview discovery inventory universal loyalty vision mission market research market size e-commerce trends second-hand market dispersed online store ecosystem loyalty programs cryptocurrency payments conclusion main problems identified the research eligma discovery inventory loyalty pilot project blockchain city online platform mobile wallet user profiling pilot project timeline business model and execution plan business model project development scaling the product project roadmap team founders team advisors strategic partners btc spartan solutions netis viberate abc icecat token crowdsale general information phase public presale phase ii: public crowdsale eli token distribution eli funds distribution development phase distribution marketing phase distribution scaling phase distribution eligma will rely artificial intelligence for giving you what you could never buy time. project overview eligma was born response several key trends and problems identified traditional retail well online shopping, where the use the latter has exploded the recent decade. the goal our project offer set previously impossible unanticipated solutions discover, purchase, track and resell items. this now viable thanks the development artificial intelligence and blockchain technology. these three main pillars, discovery, inventory and loyalty, will enable eligma become ai-driven and blockchain-based platform that acts personal commerce agent. discovery discovery will use deep neural network-based product recommendation engine find the best deals for products users are looking for. through unique algorithm that will compare products based their specifications and characteristics, eligma will also offer alternative solutions that match the users' requirements. through eligma's chatbot, finding the right product will only take seconds. there will need search for products thousands online sources anymore. users will able manage any online store account through eligma's unified shopping account. single shopping cart and checkout process will suffice complete purchases multiple online stores once. users will able use simple interface authorize eligma register with selected online stores their behalf. eligma's cryptocurrency payment gateway will enable users paying with cryptocurrencies, even the online store they are buying from does not support them yet. and round the discovery process, eligma will create blockchain-tracked digital item profile (dip) for every item purchased through the platform, where users can store several records, including proofs purchase. inventory every dip will automatically written into the user's inventory. order for the user have overview all the items his household, will also able manually add elsewhere purchased items. within the inventory, users will able see the ai-predicted current and future item value. eligma's household trading agent will notify users when the best time sell the product is. will automatically generate and publish listings selected second-hand online stores with single click. user chooses replace that product, eligma will even propose suitable replacement. make transactions safer for the user, eligma will offer two solutions both trading parties. with its escrow service, eligma will act trusted intermediary and ensure fairness contractual terms. the second option completely decentralized sale the blockchain, where both parties will make deposit into smart contract guarantee. these deposits and the buyer's payment will remain locked until the contract terms are fulfilled. universal loyalty with both discovery and inventory pillars established, eligma will consolidate retailers integrated open-loop universal loyalty system and provide simple and convenient user interface with customer-centric approach. there will need register with standalone loyalty program each merchant and users will able redeem acquired eli tokens with any other network member. unlike the existing loyalty systems that give points, eligma will transfer value into eli tokens and credit them directly the user's wallet. users will able earn loyalty tokens not only performing certain actions the platform, but also making purchases any other online offline merchant, included the program, simply buying them online exchange. although the majority platform features will free, some them will only unlocked with eli tokens. with the adoption cryptocurrencies, eli tokens will used for purchases all merchants involved our loyalty program. eligma anticipated become generally recognized and accepted platform for online shopping. will entering market, where the amount sales reached trillion u.s. dollars and anticipated double the next four years (statista, vision eligma will serve jack-of-all-trades when comes e-business. connecting blockchain and business, will create modular platform for commerce and save time that users spend searching and purchasing products utilizing artificial intelligence. will advise users, which item buy taking into account item components, quality, price, shipping time and costs well other factors. will enable users securely and transparently sell their used items multiple second-hand markets the most appropriate time through their personal item inventories eligma will transform every household into business. all this will possible thanks the innovative use existing and blockchain technologies. mission eligma's mission optimize the online shopping experience and through help people save the one thing that can not bought time. eligma will strive offer transparent and secure trades, decentralized loyalty program and help bring cryptocurrencies into mainstream. online shopping experiencing rapid growth worldwide. market research market size online shopping one the most popular online activities worldwide. retail e-commerce sales worldwide amounted trillion u.s. dollars and e-retail revenues are projected grow trillion u.s. dollars retail e-commerce sales worldwide from (in billions u.s. dollars) e-commerce share total retail sales from e-commerce trends the habit buying products online has exploded the recent years. there are two main reasons for that happening: the expansion internet access across the world (in december the world population was using internet) and people becoming more accepting online shopping technological changes have made more convenient and easier. online shopping does not know geographical and time boundaries. customers can now place orders internationally and the possibility shop any time and the ability compare prices and find better deals are the main reasons consumers rather shop online than physical stores. statista, "retail e-commerce sales worldwide from (in billions u.s. dollars)", miniwatts marketing group, "internet world stats", kpmg international, "global online consumer report", reasons consumers shop online instead stores ability shop price comparison better prices saving time convenience greater variety/selection free shipping offers convenience having everything one place locating hard find items avoiding crowds products are not sold city/country convenience price-related push from offline ease selection free shipping avoiding checkout lines only option buy the bigcommerce survey revealed that millenials and gen xers prefer search and purchase e-commerce sites rather than store. both groups spend average hours shopping online per week. milennials generation baby boomers seniors in-store online hours per week shopping online bigcommerce, "omni-channel retail january purchase decision more and more people value their time and that why online shopping growing such high rate. retailers are transforming their stores into showrooms and sending their customers finish the purchase process online. preferences buy in-store vs. online are different amongst different categories, but with every year the percentage online sales growing. -sto enc fer buy pre in-store online books, music, movies video games consumer electronics computers health beauty (cosmetics) sports equipment/outdoor diy/home improvement furniture homeware household appliances clothing footwear jewellery watches grocery toys nlin vs. source: pwc, "total retail second-hand market the second-hand market has its own specifics, but growing rapidly. with companies like letgo raising incredible amounts money (letgo raised million u.s. dollars) the used goods segment, apparent that this market has lot potential. however, both sellers and buyers are facing risks when performing such transactions. even ebay admitted that there something wrong, their system was built the assumption that most people are honest. large number frauds are making consumers hesitant sell buy second-hand markets those markets are doing poor job protecting them. techcrunch, "letgo raises million for its used goods marketplace", january the guardian, "ebay accused failing its sellers fraudulent buyers manipulate the system", may billion dollars annual net revenue ebay, currently the largest used goods marketplace, has grown and has reached almost billion u.s. dollars. dispersed online store ecosystem according research done omer rachamim there were million online stores the world, but only out them were generating annual sales more than thousand u.s. dollars. with all the online stores available, one the main drawbacks the necessity register complete purchase. nowadays people are losing track stores where they are already registered and statistics show that shoppers would not complete the purchase they had register again. solve these problems, online retailers are trying provide more personalized experience, very likely that such experience can increase the number purchases. number online shoppers that believe easier find more interesting products personalized online retail stores: number online shoppers believe easier find moreproducts number online shoppers that believe that easier find more interesting interesting products personalized online retail stores personalized online retail stores: number online shoppers that are more likely return site number online shoppers that areproducts: more likely return site that recommends products: that recommends number online shoppers that are more likely return site that recommends products: consumers are embracing this; retailers are incorporating better engagement and adding social component, and vr, machine learning, speech recognition and visual search, different delivery options, simplicity over complexity, blockchain technologies and cryptocurrency statista, "ebay's annual net revenue from (in millions u.s. dollars)", omer rachamim, "how many stores are there the world?", december vwo, "ecommerce survey", khalid saleh, invesp, "online shopping personalization statistics and trends". payments. more than consumers said that they are more likely shop with retailers that deliver personalized and connected cross-channel experiences. people would rather buy from retailer that recognizes them and recommends options based their previous purchases and their habits. personalization expected undoubtedly increase sales the future. loyalty programs while almost half all loyalty programs are established the retail industry, one their main drawbacks that they are not connected and not monetary nature. all suffer from being too similar others and not innovative enough. according research, the number loyalty program memberships united states tripled the last decade. average american was member least different loyalty programs back but more than half those memberships remained inactive, confirming that the loyalty program industry facing issues. number individual loyalty program memberships the total number individual memberships percent active memberships year due the number unconnected loyalty programs, has become impossible for the average user track them, redemption rates are low and small providers find hard cover their high operational costs. swirl networks, inc., "mobile and shopping preferences", statista, "number individual loyalty program memberships the united states from (in billions)", marketing charts, "there are estimated billion individual loyalty program memberships the us. more than half are inactive", july cryptocurrency payments cryptocurrencies are becoming more and more recognized amongst the wider population and are slowly stepping into the mainstream. according research, credit cards remained the online shoppers' preferred payment method worldwide march and cryptocurrencies reached preferred payment methods online shoppers worldwide march credit cards electronic payments (paypal) debit cards cash delivery bank transfers gift cards vouchers mobile payments cryptocurrencies (bitcoin) other this percentage anticipated increase, since the last research conducted july and august germany already showed that participants are expecting use cryptocurrencies for conducting payments the future. one the main reasons, why the adoption cryptocurrency payments slow, the fact that big online merchants are not implementing this payment solution yet. july bitcoin was accepted just three the top online merchants. statista, "preferred payment methods online shoppers worldwide march statista, "can you imagine using cryptocurrencies (i.e. bitcoin) for payments?", bloomberg, "bitcoin acceptance among retailers low and getting lower", conclusion research shows that the online shopping market growing yearly and that people are already losing lot time searching for the right product. the offer vast and the online shopping ecosystem very dispersed. the second-hand online market blooming and will probably grow even faster certain seller and buyer security measures are implemented. main problems identified the research online product research and shopping are time consuming people spend lot time researching online find the product and the deal that suits their needs, but even the most persistent ones cannot check all the online store offers. users are never certain, whether they found the best possible deal. user privacy issues users disclose personal data with every store, where they want place order. their every move the store's website also being monitored. this means that stores are collecting extensive behavioural data about each user and can connect that data directly the person. registration with every online store required users have separately register with each online store they want shop in. due this inconvenience, they can discouraged from placing order new online store. keeping track different accounts can hassle and therefore consumers are returning only stores, where they are already registered. keeping track household belongings users not have overview what they own and how much their belongings are worth. every household has many products that still have value, but are never used and people forget about even having them. creating second-hand listings for faster sale conversions when trying sell used items, users are having problems setting the appropriate price and selecting second-hand market with the highest probability finding potential buyers. usually they list products some those markets and forget about the listing, rarely converts into successful sale. payments with cryptocurrencies are not possible with growing wealth held cryptocurrencies, the demand for conducting payments those currencies growing. very few online stores stepped into this direction, even though all the indicators are showing that the future cryptocurrencies are going become mainstream. vast number individual loyalty programs big retailers have introduced loyalty programs long time ago, but those programs are not connected. this means that order for users really benefit from program, they have keep track every one them, which next impossible. incomplete inaccurate product descriptions most online stores provide their own descriptions. the quality those descriptions varies from store store and very hard for users know which one them relevant. most cases, when users are searching for products with higher price, they have first visit the manufacturer's website find the description they can trust. lack personalized approach despite the adoption new technologies, most online stores are still not embracing the personalized shopping experience approach. many cases, online stores are displaying inappropriate products the wrong customers and the users browse the store and find the product that best suits their needs. eligma will offer the best quality price ratio market consisting billions products. eligma eligma will ai-driven and blockchain-based cognitive commerce platform that will change the way people discover, purchase, track and resell items online. with its unique features will offer users "one-place", where they can shop all the online stores anywhere the world, check the value items their household and learn the best time sell them. eligma will offer users completely decentralized universal loyalty program and help transform every household into business. eligma contains three main pillars: discovery, inventory and loyalty, described the following subsections. discovery inventory ai-calculated item value household trading agent automated second hand listing decentralized sale blockchain loyalty universal loyalty program users are rewarded for contributions every merchant can join eli tokens payment option discovery the first pillar the eligma platform discovery. the core the platform and its unique algorithms will enable develop future smart solutions. databases data warehouse order start with development and the machine learning process, are initially building complete architecture the platform, which uses high-performance database precondition. this whole architecture designed way that able serve unlimited amount data entries and user requests. ensure better presence different markets, the platform will have multilingual support. eligma's first building block will data warehouse that consists the following elements: product database; online store database; user profile, inventory and behaviour data database; purchases and proof purchase database. architecture eligma's data warehouse api delivery product database product data search engine crawlers back-end services merchant gateway eligma will use product data collection service automatically collect and update data from suppliers, manufacturers, online stores and other content providers. will introduce the users' contributions feature for growing our database later. ... product database every product our continuously growing product database has more than data fields and the database itself carefully categorized accordance with the global categorization standard. eligma's database already includes more than million unique products that are currently available the global market. have partnered with the world's leading product data provider icecat from the netherlands, who started the product data collection and processing manufacturers provide most the data, eligma will reduce the risk false data the minimum. ... online store database the next step gathering data connect our product database with online stores. eligma has established team senior developers who are focused setting up, upgrading and maintaining this database. two different approaches will used for gathering data: connecting open apis online stores; developing parsing services scrape the data from online stores. eligma will not collecting entire datasets from online stores because some that data might incomplete inaccurate and because already possess the correct product data our product database (such title, description, specification, etc.). eligma will focused collecting data, specific for each individual online store: price shipping countries shipping options shipping price shipping duration user reviews timestamp warranty details ... matching algorithm our matching algorithm will compare the data gathered from online stores with the data written the product database. when match found, the algorithm will create new entry the existing database. will analyse most unmatched products using deep neural network, which will help match them based their similarity metrics score. the product not found our database, will still collect the data and try find match manually (we will have dedicated team for product matching). using this method, our system will gain additional knowledge through the process machine learning and thus improve the matching algorithm. the manual matching unsuccessful, will create new product the product database and validate the input fields. only when the validation successful, will put the product our product database. data gathering gather product information from online stores product matching search for product information the eligma product database check status product already exists the eligma product database check status product does not exist the eligma product database ai-driven global product discovery the core the eligma platform ai-driven module that will help users discover the best deals for desired products any online store considering their preferences. will use several sources user data achieve the optimum results. eligma will also connects the offline and online worlds together order upgrade the shopping experience and ensure that each user really finds the best deal. are developing the following features: global product discovery our platform will display global discovery results based the search input and knowledge about the user (preferences set the profile, user behaviour data analytics, current inventory, location, etc.). eligma will also suggest alternative products, for which the predicts better-fit probability comparing the price quality ratio and other preferences; searched product match alternative products match match eligma's chatbot eligma's "on-demand" multi language chatbot will tailor simple questions better refine discovery results; product hunter users will able select the product they want and define criteria under reach they are willing purchase it. eligma will perform regular lookups all the online stores and when finds the product that fits the criteria, will notify the user and guide him through the purchase process; current price user may offer eligma searches through time period eligma discovers the product user purchases the product code scanner connect online and offline shoppers, eligma will develop code scanning open source code used use within the eligma mobile app through the apis implemented any third party application. with it, users will able scan the barcode (ean, upc) code product displayed physical store. the app will recognize the product using the existing eligma`s database and provide users the exact description the product and best ways purchase the product. wishlists wishlists are lists items usually bought together the same time. eligma will generate these lists using smart product matching algorithms. wishlists can also generated the community. unified online shopping account eligma will enable users simply and securely connect all the online stores and manage all their purchases from one unified account. common for organizations today implement so-called unified access management, through which they can access many different applications fulfil their needs. eligma will implement similar concept enable users manage their online store accounts. through eligma, users will able perform the following actions any online store: add products their shopping cart; place order; register with new online store; login online stores; make payment; update user profile information; remove account. with this feature, eligma will eliminate the need memorize all the online store login credentials and having jump from one online store another find and purchase everything you need. eligma's "one-cart" interface will enable users add products from different online stores one unified shopping cart and only through the checkout process once. ebay amazon alibaba simultaneously shop everywhere user privacy and security user privacy and security are extremely important and for this reason multi-layered security, preventing internet-related fraud and identity theft, will implemented inside the platform. all transactions will monitored and compliant with pci security standards enhanced with additional cryptographic security layer. for even better protection user privacy, users will able simply erase all the connections between their private information (name, last name, address) and their behavior with click button. this means that user uses eligma for all his shopping needs, all the available data that user's shopping habits will deleted from the web, the user decides. eligma will compliance with general data protection regulation (gdpr) from its inception and user data privacy will respected according the required standards. cryptocurrency payments order make the discovery process complete, eligma will offer users wide array payment options. apart from the common ones (paypal, credit cards) will also enable cryptocurrency purchases through eligma's internal cryptocurrency payment gateway. this means that users will not need wait and hope for those online stores implement it. according research, the percentage consumers that are willing pay cryptocurrencies increasing. last year more than people confirmed that they are expecting use cryptocurrencies for payments the future. security: all funds will separated hot and cold wallets and supported highly secure offsite backups. blockchain-tracked digital item profile (dip) items purchased eligma will gain unique designated digital item profile (dip) that will stored blockchain protected database our implementation decentralised database that utilizes the interplanetary file system and protected the ethereum network and its blockchain (sidechain). after that, hashes from the dip will written into the ethereum blockchain. dips will organized digital containers that can store several records and references digital documents with the information purchase (proof purchase), original item profile and description, repairs, warranties, resells and other events that can collected and tracked. records inside dips will stored time sequence and include timestamps and hash the previous record, forming small blockchain ledger transactions inside each dip. records will also signed with the creator's private key, adding verifiability the issuer each record. ethereum (main) blockchain sidechain eligma database transactions dip smart contract dip dip hash products hash hash block hash users hash block hash ... proof purchase claim ownership the initial document dip can either proof purchase, created automatically when product purchased through eligma and serves certificate, claim ownership that created when item purchased elsewhere (offline other online stores) and manually added item inventory eligma user. claim ownership can upgraded into proof purchase only the user initiates this request and uploads the required documentation that will manually verified before approval. addition information buyer/claimer, dips will able store technical information about the product, alleged condition, price and other applicable information. dips will publicly accessible and browsable, enabling all eligma users research history each item, although some information will encrypted and accessible only the record's creator (example: buyer and proof purchase claim ownership). although eligma does not guarantee that all events dips that follow the proof purchase and are recorded scraped from data service providers will include truthful and accurate information, they can used create valuable record digital footprint for each product. user adds item with already existing dip the inventory, previous records about the item's history are automatically connected. users can also add modifications the product that change expected features condition that item. inventory our inventory module will provide interface for recording details about the users' personal belongings. order have overview all the items household and their value, users can add items their inventory, which will saved into sidechain the following ways: automated inventory after user purchases product through the platform, dip will assigned the item together with proof purchase and eligma will automatically list the item the user's inventory. manual input user can add product that was purchased elsewhere manually through simple interface. the product recognized and already exists the product database, eligma will automatically fill the product data (title, description, specifications). reverse inventory lookup online store that partners with eligma can notify all it's previous customers about creating dip the platform. users will receive mail with link, leading simple interface for claiming proof purchase. inventory private the user, unless user chooses share with the community. ai-predicted item value eligma's unique machine learning software will predict the estimated current value the item based several different factors: local market value; local market demand; age the item; condition the item; etc. eligma will additionally also predict how the product value will behave the future. household value when users will have their inventory properly setup and filled with items they own, eligma will able tell them the value their household belongings time. second-hand market every household will transformed into business order fully transform households into businesses, our crucial next step will implement second-hand online stores the platform. these stores will also managed from the unified shopping account. ... household trading agent eligma will manage your personal belongings combining knowledge the future value the product the household inventory and the replacement product`s price the market, will able predict the best time sell that product and buy the replacement. this process eligma fully automated via trading agent that notifies the user about upcoming sell suggestions upon request. purchase time best time sell time ... automated listings one click list your products everywhere when user decides sell item from his inventory, will able create universal listing, stating its condition, asking price, shipping preferences (local vs. international), payment options (fiat vs. crypto) and additional security options. eligma will offer one-click solution that will automatically generate and publish this listing all selected second-hand markets. eligma's unique second hand market solution will make certain steps much simpler, faster and more transparent. while the sale can completed traditional manner, eligma will offer two exclusive features make the whole process safer for its users. ... eligma escrow service when user will creating listings the platform, will able select the escrow service possible feature conclude the deal. this service provided eligma and additional precaution for both the seller and the buyer. listings, created with this option the eligma platform, will still pushed other second-hand online stores and published there. for the time delivery, eligma will withhold the buyer's payment and the seller will have deposit eli tokens guarantee. all offers, insured this feature, will highlighted the eligma discovery engine, thus giving them enhanced level visibility. the case dispute, eligma will mediate between the seller and the buyer and demand additional explanations and proofs that each the parties fulfilled their part the contract. through eligma, the order can canceled and both the funds and the product returned their original owners the dispute cannot solved the purchase can executed under newly agreed terms (i.e. lower price). the escrow service will ensure that the event dispute eligma will act trusted intermediary and ensure fairness and observance all contractual terms. the deal concludes successfully, the event written dip, new proof purchase generated the eligma sidechain and new hash added the blockchain. the case returned item, dip upgraded with flag, stating that there was dispute regarding the product condition. doing so, prevent the seller from selling the product several times without changing the description its condition. how will eligma escrow service work? seller lists second hand offer with escrow option and buyer accepts and pays eligma decision sell eligma escrow option eli deposit payment offer seller buyer seller sends product eligma offer seller buyer buyer validates product and confirms the trade eligma offer product validated seller trade confirmed buyer eligma releases the payment takes eli token for its service eligma seller payment release offer buyer ... decentralized sale blockchain eligma will additionally develop and offer mechanism execute purchase any trade process completely decentralized way using smart contracts blockchain. this option will provide tool for exchanging payment cryptocurrencies between seller and buyer, who previously created trade agreement either through the eligma platform using other means communication, like online chat, forums online boards. complete process product sale between buyer and seller will conducted directly through smart contract, meaning there central authority intervene even eligma has control over the process. both the buyer and the seller have establish motivation successfully fulfil contract obligations placing deposit eli tokens. this deposit released after the smart contract concluded, forcing both parties reach agreement regarding the trade. steps for creating smart contract: seller and buyer negotiate the deal (product, price cryptocurrency, shipment, delivery etc.) through the eligma platform through other communication channels. seller will able use the eligma decentralized application (dapp) construct smart contract ethereum blockchain. order create such decentralized offer, this information will have entered into the dapp: seller's ethereum public address, buyer's ethereum public address, payment cryptocurrency for the item. dapp will calculate amount eli tokens, needed deposited the seller and the buyer, proportional the payment amount. how does the seller create smart contract: signs and broadcasts transaction through dapp, spending small amount ethereum (gas) and deposits corresponding amount eli tokens smart contract guarantee. buyer can accept the offer with depositing the below stated the smart contract: payment for the product determined cryptocurrency and matching amount eli tokens. the result this process smart contract that fully under the control both the seller and the buyer. they both are motivated resolve the contract, their deposits remain locked until they reach agreement about closing the contract. both parties have put down the deposit, the best interest both conclude the deal, otherwise both them will lose their deposit. ways resolving smart contract: positive closing once the buyer receives the product, will able confirm that the product was received the expected condition "closing" the smart contract with confirmation transaction. this case, both deposits are released and returned the buyer's and seller's addresses, while the payment cryptocurrency sent the seller's ethereum address. closing with alternative proposal seller and buyer can also negotiate close the smart contract alternative way splitting the payment. this way, negotiated percentage the payment returned the buyer and the remaining percentage transferred the seller. both deposits are then returned their originating ethereum addresses. alternative closing convenient way for closing agreement when buyer receives the product, but not expected condition has minor errors. proposal for alternative closing can set sending transaction smart contract from either the seller the buyer and the counterparty must accept the proposal with confirmation transaction. annulation seller and buyer can also agree "annulate" the smart contract. this case, the payment and the deposits are returned. order cancel the contract, proposal must broadcasted with transaction the network from either the seller the buyer and the counterparty must accept proposal with confirmation transaction. how will decentralized sale blockchain work? seller deploys smart contract ethereum blockchain eli deposit seller smart contract buyer accepts offer eli deposit payment crypto seller buyer smart contract seller ships product and buyer confirms delivery confirmation product delivery buyer smart contract seller seller sends the product smart contract resolves eli deposit eli deposit payment crypto seller smart contract buyer loyalty will provide universal loyalty program introducing the eli token. with both discovery and inventory pillars established, eligma will consolidate merchants integrated openloop universal loyalty system and provide simple and convenient user interface with customer-centric approach. there will need register with standalone loyalty program each merchant and the users will able redeem the acquired eli tokens with any other network member. unlike the existing loyalty systems that give points, eligma will transfer value into eli tokens and credit them directly the user's wallet. the growing number customers using eli tokens and the increase the market share blockchain-based services and infrastructure will make users want use their eli tokens for additional purchases. users will also receiving regular reports and offers from the stores where they made their purchases, which will also serve incentivize their further actions. the main purpose the loyalty system reward loyal users for actions that benefit the party handing out loyalty points our case, loyalty tokens. eligma's infrastructure will enable several parties benefit from this program and offer users incentives for their involvement the program. eli merchant user merchants will have merchant account the platform and with the opportunity reward their loyal customers. with our tokens, merchants will able use common ways rewarding even more creative when rewarding their customers. some those possibilities are: every purchase rewarded when customer purchases something, the merchant can give away eli tokens "cashback" reward. this option possible for either online offline purchases. merchant's benefit: growing sales backtrack rewarding the eligma system already gathering information about customers' purchases, merchant will able decide wants reward everyone, who bought certain product from him the past. merchant's benefit: better recognition and positioning, which result better future sales. product rewards merchant can announce that every purchase product during time period will result eli token reward for the customers. merchant's benefit: better sales specific product wants promote sell out. these are just few examples, but the future decentralized loyalty will enable merchants come with new innovative ways reward their loyal customers. eligma user the eligma platform has different objectives when comes loyalty and therefore offers rewards different layers benefit the growth the platform: purchases the eligma platform eligma will reward eli tokens for purchases through the platform. eligma's benefit: more sales through the platform result more revenue and eligma will sharing part that revenue with the users. registering the eligma platform users will receive welcome reward eli tokens when registering the platform. eligma's benefit: new users. detailed profile information when users add additional information, eligma will reward them with additional eli tokens. simple interface will guide users through the profile expansion process. eligma's benefit: more information results better platform predictions. adding items the inventory users will awarded eli tokens for manually adding items their inventory. eligma's benefit: growing potential for second-hand trades. uploading receipts users will rewarded with eli tokens when they upload receipts through the eligma's mobile app the platform itself. eligma's benefit: growing database which results better machine learning results. referrals referral rewards will awarded for referring new users the platform. for each rewarded action that friend carries out, the user who referred him will get additional reward. eligma's benefit: new users. user online store referral when user referral results connection online store with the platform and this online store makes its first sale through eligma, the user rewarded with eli tokens. eligma's benefit: expanding the online store database and growing revenue. user actions rewarding other users wishlists resulting sales when created wishlist results direct sale, the user who published the wishlist will rewarded with eli tokens. social media actions when social media share post results direct sale, the user who created the post will rewarded with eli tokens. using smart contracts, will setup function that will release fixed amount eli tokens daily, which will distributed through the eligma's reward plans. rewards will adjusted correspond the distributed percentage. users will able withdraw eli tokens their private ethereum wallets online exchanges and trade with them. token usage although the majority the platform features will free, some will consume eli tokens from the user's merchant's balance. users will able add them their platform balance, either with performing rewarded actions with deposit eli tokens, bought online exchange. eli tokens, spent for performing these actions, will transacted fund, dedicated reward plans. users will able utilize tokens the eligma platform for several purposes: product hunt when ordering product hunt, certain user's balance eli tokens will locked. eligma discovers product that fulfills the user's requirements, tokens will released eligma and returned the user otherwise. second-hand listings users will have the option push item their inventory all the second-hand online stores, connected our platform. eligma will require users utilize eli tokens perform this service. escrow fees when seller creates listing and selects escrow service possible feature complete the sale, will required deposit eli tokens for the service. decentralized item sale when seller and buyer decide complete item sale decentralized way, they will have deposit the amount eli tokens, equivalent the item price, motivation successfully fulfil contract obligations. advertising eli tokens can utilized for advertisement space the platform. other eligma solutions eli tokens will used for other eligma's solutions both the offline and online worlds. the first such solutions will the pos systems and the marketplace for our partner company btc. purchasing selected items eligma will offer limited amount pre-selected items, which users will able buy with eli tokens only. eligma will use blockchain technology and create the ideal customer experience. pilot project blockchain city every great project needs start small the appropriate testing grounds. wanted physical area with lot different stores, restaurants, business premises and lot people movement. was very fortunate that did not need look far. btc city lies our office vicinity ljubljana, slovenia and encompasses more than brands, companies, stores and bars and restaurants. annually hosts over million visitors, who can also enjoy food court, recreation centre, waterpark, theatre, cineplex, hotels and casino. have successfully cooperated with btc the past and when approached them with the idea, discovered that can write our story together-offline and online. the stars aligned perfectly with the name well, are calling blockchain city and using our laboratory. btc currently operating strictly offline and our first goal bring cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies into the mainstream creating unified marketplace, where paying both with fiat and cryptocurrencies will possible. this will simplify payment and business processes and enable the creation central warehouse, from which any item can shipped. additionally are enabling offline retailers implement our pos solution that will combine with the mobile wallet and operate cryptocurrency payment processor. btc city already home multiple blockchain companies and eligma will expand its capabilities host future blockchain companies and projects with great potential. after successful testing, will have enough data transfer all the technologies and concepts from our testing ground larger cities, where potential limitless. online platform the first phase the online platform already developed and currently operating test mode. already supports payments some cryptocurrencies (btc, bch) and more will follow shortly. the platform curated the enterprise start-up btc and enabling users purchase products, offered the offline retailers the btc area. items offered the retailers are currently limited called >>special deals<<. users can also browse through complete catalogue products that can bought the btc city area. will gradually transform the online store platform into true marketplace all the retailers that are part the btc city ecosystem. that point, the retailers will able manage their own profiles and item portfolios. mobile wallet with tailor-made mobile wallet and pos systems, will also enable offline users use cryptocurrencies payment option retail stores. the adoption pos systems amongst retailers within the btc city area growing, slowly but surely becoming the first fully covered cryptocurrency shopping centre. our mobile wallet possesses all the basic functionalities mobile wallets: storage different cryptocurrencies and tokens; the ability for users transfer funds other wallets; the ability for users use payment option crypto payment-supported points sale; the ability for users view the transaction archive. beside these functionalities, also offers users some additional features that will help gain more traction and collect more detailed and more accurate user data: list stores the btc city area; store details (opening hours, exact location, type store, contact information, etc.); simple navigation the stores; special discounts for mobile app users; notifications special deals the btc city area. create full service solution for the retailers, our pos systems will help introduce cryptocurrencies wider public. these pos systems also accept payments with third party mobile wallet solutions, but their main benefit will visible when users will pay using our mobile wallet, those payments are free transaction fees. every purchase also rewarded within our loyalty program. our pos system web-based application and can run all modern operating systems desktop and tablet devices. user profiling user profiling key ingredient developing strong algorithm for relevant search results. this process growing daily and exponentially. will need lot user data even before eligma's launch, used our partnership with btc d.d. develop the abovementioned solutions. will use both solutions gather data user/customer behaviour and purchasing habits. the platform itself will gathering online behavioural data and the mobile wallet will serve for collecting offline data. this data will then used for the machine learning process produce more precise user profiling eligma. pilot project timeline our pilot project already motion and have finished the development beta versions the mobile wallet and the pos system. our first integrations for real-life testing retail stores the btc city area will begin march during this testing phase, will carefully monitoring the product and making improvements where necessary. this testing phase will end and then are planning have least coverage the area. april will launch the beta version the online platform-btc marketplace. will testing the platform through the summer and then launch national marketing campaign september are striving have the whole pilot product and running the beginning with retail stores coverage least the area. project roadmap presents our ambitions and goals timeline leading the year business model and execution plan business model eligma, will implement several business models the and segments. affiliate program eligma's main revenue stream will first come from affiliate program that performancebased. while eligma will serve window all the different online stores and marketplaces merging them under one roof, the affiliation program will track the sales stores, which users will redirected and eligma will receive commission those purchases. this module very popular amongst sellers, since they benefit terms marketing, visibility, site visits and consequently higher sales. enables additional marketing that free, until the purchase actually made. eligma amazon item amazon item ebay item alibaba item etsy pay commission-based when eligma implements unified online shopping account, revenues will made through commission-based model. digital contracts will signed with online stores and marketplaces. for every order, placed through the eligma platform, commission will charged the seller. advertising eligma entering the online retail market that anticipated reach trillion with constantly growing user database, eligma's advertising space will lead excellent revenue opportunities. eligma will offer different advertising modules according different posting places, sizes, frequencies and durations. this feature will payable with fiat currencies well more popular cryptocurrencies. when advertising will compensated with eli tokens, users will receive additional advertising rewards. third party integration eligma's product and online store database will grow exponentially incorporating additional apis, adding manual product entries and using machine learning. database will thus soon become appealing for other companies. they will able access eligma's database via apis accordance with monthly agreements set. project development our team well aware the complexity the project, and therefore clear project development plan has been set place. its execution will have very methodical, need prepare product that will support the scaling server capacity and the product itself. wishlists categories order focus parsing algorithms that will provide with updated data products and online stores, decided test them narrower groups called 'wishlists'. plan: set first wishlists for focused data collection develop machine learning algorithms for those wishlists test those algorithms the market adapt the algorithms based real use-case tests add new wishlist category rollout tested wishlists categories new markets with new online stores data growth and blockchain our next step scaling the item will including wider sets categories and moving wishlists into one the platform features. doing so, will expand eligma from narrow product discovery provider provider that will enable discovery entire product categories. this phase, eligma will already operate channel, where you will able discover the best deals according your needs and will include option discover alternative products using algorithms. product purchase will completed the seller's website. the same phase, will also start introducing the user inventory functionality and start putting dips the blockchain. unified online shopping account further the future, eligma will start developing interface, where users can manage other online store accounts without visiting them. decentralized loyalty program create complete circle, eligma will add completely decentralized loyalty program, where users will able create loyalty programs with their favourite sellers, brands, offline stores, service providers, etc. scaling the product eligma will launch the testing phase for the product slovenia, where will connect about online stores. during this test phase, will gather valuable data that will key for further development the platform. will able estimate the precision the discovery results and the possibility finding better deal some the unlisted online stores. based that data will have the opportunity scale one two ways geographical scaling precision scaling. discovery results and precision scaling scaling for better discovery results very straightforward-the more sources (online stores) have, the better the precision is. this kind scaling will always improving, will constantly adding new sources. addition that, eligma's machine learning and artificial intelligence will improve with experience gained and thus provide better discovery results. geographical scaling slovenia will only testing ground optimise eligma for our intended market entry strategy. our first target for the product launch the united kingdom. with taking the results beta launch testing slovenia into account will improve the product and use the following strategy for penetrating the market: scrape global online stores that deliver the uk; scrape additional local online stores; adapt the product using gathered data; launch the product; will continuously keep adding additional online stores. the same process will used for further geographic expansion, until eligma present worldwide. project roadmap sep idea for the project born sep first investment eur dec company founded jan team engineers and senior developers setup march crowdsale marketing campaign launch march april public whitelist presale mar pos system for crypto payments integrated the btc area and the first version the mobile wallet launched apr test version the btc online store launched april public crowdsale sep idea for the project born sep idea investment for the project born first eur sep dec first investment eur company founded dec company founded jan team engineers and senior developers setup jan march team aimarketing engineers and seniorlaunch developers setup crowdsale campaign march march april crowdsale marketing campaign launch public presale march april mar public whitelist presale pos system for crypto payments integrated the btc mar pos system crypto payments integrated the btc area and thefor first version the mobile wallet launched apr area and theof first the mobile wallet launched test version theversion btc online store launched apr april test version the btc online store launched public crowdsale april sep public crowdsale the btc platform launched, supported national sep the btc platform launched, supported national marketing campaign nov marketing campaign added support for eli tokens our wallet and the btc nov added support for eli tokens our wallet and the btc platform dec platform eligma's ai-driven item discovery launched slovenia dec eligma's ai-driven item discovery launched slovenia jan the first rewarding system the platform starts jan feb the firsthunt rewarding system the platform starts product launched feb apr product hunt ismodule launched user inventory added the platform and dips apr userintroduced inventory module added the platform and dips are may are introduceditem sale blockchain enabled decentralized may jun decentralizedexpansion item sale blockchain enabled geographical the market begins jun sep geographical the market for begins user inventoryexpansion upgrade with aiuk algorithm item value sep oct user upgrade with algorithm for item value codeinventory scanner open source code introduced oct nov code scanner openbecomes source code marketplace introduced the the btc platform true nov the btc platform becomes true marketplace the region region first merchants can claim loyalty ownerships first merchants can claim loyalty ownerships second-hand "automated listings" from user inventories second-hand "automated listings" from user inventories are introduced are introduced escrow enabled the platform escrow enabled platform pilot online stores arethe managed through the eligma pilot online stores are managed through the eligma account account crypto payments are enabled the platform are introduced may decentralized item sale blockchain enabled jun geographical expansion the market begins sep user inventory upgrade with algorithm for item value oct code scanner open source code introduced nov the btc platform becomes true marketplace the region first merchants can claim loyalty ownerships second-hand "automated listings" from user inventories are introduced escrow enabled the platform pilot online stores are managed through the eligma account crypto payments are enabled the platform global unified shopping account further expansions other markets our team consists various experts, who are passionate actively contribute the overall success the project. team founders dejan roljic, founder ceo dejan began his entrepreneurial journey teenager successful san francisco based start-up before continuing his path shanghai, china. there founded company focusing the controlling process for manufacturing facilities asia and bulk product delivery. quickly built united controlling network over factories china and later continued the company's expansion the eu. after returning europe, founded printing start-up and the same time began investing various innovative companies. later founded the abc accelerator, accelerator dedicated high-tech companies from the south and central eastern european regions with offices ljubljana, silicon valley, munich, kiev, and sarajevo. off today, abc and dejan invested more than startups from around the world. dejan also co-owns software development company with employees. has been involved advisor several successful token sales and actively helped companies build their business and raise funds. matej gregorcic, co-founder matej has been entrepreneur for most his life. founded marketing agency and took from selling ideas shared office space becoming one the biggest event management agencies slovenia. his company won numerous awards marketing festivals and did pioneering work digital marketing back when facebook was still considered small website. working with big international clients, his team members never missed deadline. specializes team leadership and strategic planning, utilizing knowledge gained studying mathematics and economics. recently led the viberate team through one the most successful token sales the region. joze mermal, co-founder since joze has been successfully managing the btc company the president the management board. based his initiative, btc city-one the largest business, shopping, entertainment, recreation and cultural centres europe was established. spread over than yearly attracts more than million visitors and due its holistic offer represents real city within the city ljubljana, slovenia. under his management btc founded abc accelerator, slovenian science foundation and the international management school iedc bled. over the years btc and joze have been involved more than social projects (culture, science, education, humanitarianism and sports) that merged over million different people and institutes. received numerous awards for his visionary work and contribution the development business and innovative ecosystem honorary citizen city ljubljana; manager europe, etc.). since joze also president the supervisory board company krka d.d., one the leading pharmaceutical companies the region. team alexander danilov, chief technology officer world-class software engineer with more than years experience and solid knowledge building web-services and development processes. acquired most his knowledge leading projects related billing systems, data processing algorithms, user interface and apis. has particularly deep knowledge software architecture design and development high load services. leads with contemplative calmness. bostjan mrak, lead machine learning engineer machine learning engineer with deep learning specialization and software development background. started his career enterprise software developer. one his first projects, which started right before the start the new millennium, was product matching system, used for price optimization online electronics stores. later used that knowledge building complete ecommerce system for one the largest sports nutrition stores slovenia. after eighteen years full stack software developer, dedicated the last two years applied artificial intelligencein the subfields computer vision and natural language processing. ziga toni, chief operating officer serial marketing and technology entrepreneur for more than decade. has expanded his own businesses overseas united states and helped establish strong presence startup accelerator abc silicon valley san jose, california. his in-depth development knowledge also intrigued his interest for blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies. timotej polach, chief security officer system administrator with years experience the business, telecommunications and anti-fraud. participating big data projects system analyst and project manager helped him acquire strong technical background systems development life cycle, made him capable seeing the big-picture and armed him with proven ability solve complex problems. also licensed sports shooter with passion for firearms. luka planinc, general counsel ditched his corporate career for the excitement and diversity startup challenges. has been tackling legal matters start-ups for the past years. co-founded international start-ups and led the abc accelerator's expansion germany. specialized corporate law, luka makes sure that all companies under his watch are proper compliance with the law. his latest passion are legal challenges token sales. tomislav mucic, senior blockchain consultant pioneer blockchain with decades experience security and project development. bridging the wisdom tradition with technology innovation paramount counsel token sales and businesses who recognize blockchain new layer internet. andrej plankar, blockchain business consultant sees blockchain the new digital alphabet that will rock the business world. with degree economics, andrej good connoisseur today`s industry challenges. early adopter the blockchain technology, now prolific entrepreneur, co-founder and advisor several successful token sales, including viberate, sportyco and insurepal. rok babic, senior blockchain developer rok started his tech career developer leading erp provider south east europe. soon came across the blockchain, was hooked and spent the next years developing and maintaining solutions top bitcoin and other altcoins. found his true passion, though, with the release ethereum, when started developing decentralized applications top the platform. after few successful projects, co-founded spartan solutions, company that aims become leading decentralized solutions provider and integrator the region. after successfully executing number decentralized solutions, rok primarily focuses promoting decentralized apps, planning the architecture blockchain-based solutions and consulting startups the blockchain space. luka prasnikar, senior blockchain developer experienced blockchain developer with several years experience mining operations, crypto payment solutions and crowdsale platforms. armed with extensive knowledge erp, cms and crm systems tirelessly builds technology bridges between back-end systems and blockchain ledgers. matevz caserman, senior blockchain consultant passionate blockchain believer and tireless analyst business models. started his blockchain career whitepaper copywriter, now continues supervise the implementation new ecosystems accordance with technological and legal limitations. jan kalsek, senior blockchain consultant jan experienced blockchain consultant, specialized supporting ico/crowdfund projects early stages their existence. creative brainstormer, business modeler and brand developer, constantly seeking for unique approaches and solutions. ajet redzepi, senior business developer with nearly years entrepreneurial experience the field sales, it, telecommunications and pharmacy, ajet contributes the invaluable competency only seasoned professional can. his outstanding leadership abilities and subtle empathy keep the team together the toughest times. enthusiastic about crypto world from the very beginning and early investor. mitja hegler, senior business developer mitja started his career implementing post-conflict rehabilitation and development projects worldwide. the last years, developed numerous strategies and implementation plans, gained extensive experience raising funds and successfully managed teams high-pressure and volatile situations. with strong leadership skills and proven efficiency, mitja joined the team enrich creativity, improve partnership relations and optimize business operations. jure sobocan, art director and ux/ui expert with over years experience, jure seasoned graphic and ux/ui-designer who constantly strives find creative solutions visual communication problems. currently, focusing blockchain technology information design, making eligma simple understand and easy use. jure helped companies such bitstamp and hive project become more understandable wider audience. rok kostanjsek, senior designer product designer with multiple design awards. studied and graduated from industrial design business economics. founded his first start-up when was and kept his entrepreneurial spirit throughout. luka paragi, senior designer luka experienced graphic and ux-designer with passion for visual problem solving. throughout his career has worked with range diverse clients ranging from small businesses large government projects. dusanka novakovic, cognitive scientist and visual communications designer cognitive scientist and designer dusanka implements her knowledge the mechanisms and processes underlying perception, memory, attention and decision-making into user experience design order achieve impact and key business objectives. sara draskovic, head marketing and communications sara has over years experience the public relations and marketing. she has successfully led several projects and carried out numerous marketing campaigns for non-governmental organizations, the public sector and multi-national corporation. the startup world, where she finds creative space and inspiration work projects that will have huge impact the way things, proved the right fit for her. melita gulja, communications and content creator consultant digital native with years agency experience public relations and communications projects. she excellent developing and executing corporate strategy whilst manage messaging help building and supporting company's unique voice and reputation. matjaz sircelj, digital and social media consultant digital media and community manager strategist, consultant and public speaker with two decades experience tech companies and advertising agencies. experienced communicator, advises international companies and token sale projects proactively managing their social media presence. saso kuntaric, content creator and terminology expert after attaining his bachelor's degree from computer and information sciences, decided explore the fabulous world words and letters. has years experience translation, transcreation and terminology projects for clients like google, adobe, microsoft and others. after exploring and publishing articles regarding statistical machine translation, turns his gaze blockchain and cryptocurrencies. urska celig, marketing and communications coordinator urska has extensive experience coordinating projects for the public sector and nongovernmental organizations. with her communicational, project management and organizational skills she will coordinate marketing projects and support our design team coordinating and collating content. she strategic thinker with excellent interpersonal and communications skills who cherishes team spirit. tim soucek, product developer while being challenged many different entrepreneurship projects since was young, tim experienced marketing expert with specialties international online stores. his true passions are creativity, the crypto world and everything digital. peter roljic, product developer peter has dedicated big part his life the start-up world, trying learn everything and meet people from every possible industry. knows exactly what any start-up needs and who call proceed smoothly. has gained extensive experience leadership and sales. true team player and decorated with many different awards. additional senior developers data scientists advisors andy baynes, msc consummate visionary and conductor high impact strategies career that spans sony, apple and nest-google-alphabet. has almost years managerial experience, during which worked directly with steve jobs, tim cook, tony fadell, matt rogers and thus built executive and operational experience across range business functions. andy serves advisor early stage technology companies and has lectured stanford university, berkely haas and middlebury institute for international studies. gary dillabough managing partner navitas capital also serving either board director observer several boards. was previously managing partner westly group, board member scl elements (schneider electric) and served numerous roles ebay for years, strategic partnerships and later sustainability. jeff arrillaga executive managing director the reputable newmark knight frank and member the association silicon valley brokers hall fame. jeff has immense experience with doing business the highest levels silicon valley. maja mikek maja co-founder and chief financial officer celtra, which she co-built from the ground up, helping scale the business its current success. she master planning and managing companies' financial resources while balancing bold investments with profitable end year results. prior celtra, she headed marketing the elektroncek group, the world's leading manufacturer electromechanical gaming devices. she was also crm manager for simobil, one the largest mobile operators slovenia. she obtained mba degree (with honours) from babson college, often ranked the most prestigious entrepreneurship college the usa. jure leskovec, phd phd machine learning from carnegie mellon university, associate professor computer science stanford university and chief scientist pinterest, leading pinterest labs. jure's specialties are artificial intelligence, machine learning, data mining, social networks, text and web mining, with special emphasis applications machine learning. nick zaharias passionate leader and entrepreneur with more than two decades experience building innovative and high-growth businesses. nick serves investor and advisor capmarkets and the former managing director signalfire and managing partner check group llc. herman gyr, phd herman founding partner the enterprise development group (edg) and creator the innovation blueprint, model for engaging leaders the transformation their enterprise. ran projects throughout the usa, europe, asia, south america and south africa. ana lukner roljic, msc ana internationally recognized entrepreneur and visionary, passionate motivator and corporate culture builder. she considered one the most influential women for the future and currently the managing director abc silicon valley. ms. lukner founded ana's little star the biggest and transparent non-profit organization slovenia, which also active california. she adept network builder, actively building ''bridge'' between silicon valley and europe. ana draws her inspiration from her patented life philosophy truhoma (true honest mankind), now also becoming global movement. peter moricz peter successfully navigated through some the most severe financial crises our time and developed great expertise and reputation for effectively managing risk. his derivatives product knowledge diverse, having spent over years trading and european fixed income, fx, equity indexes, crude oil and gold futures. recently peter's career has focused risk and compliance issues. between and was vice president morgan private bank london, where was responsible for compliance with all us, and regulatory requirements, leading sales and execution supervision line with industry standards. also worked with regtech, fintech companies and co-founded trade finance blockchain company called chainx. mihael mikek mihael founder and ceo celtra, creative management platform for digital advertising. has been its chief executive officer and president since june co-founded several companies diverse industries such it, medical services and sports. mark plesko, phd prodigy nuclear physicist (co-discovery matter turning into antimatter) and angel investor into another token sale company, viberate. mark more than just angel investor; actively involved company's strategic planning well day-to-day operation. also the main founder and ceo the high tech company cosylab that the world leader large nuclear accelerator control systems, with yearly profit margins exceeding among cosylab's customers are the world's largest national laboratories and international projects, such cern, the international fusion project iter, slac university stanford and kek japan and several novel cancer treatment centers worldwide, which use protons and carbon ion accelerators kill cancer tumors with submillimeter precision. our project backed five strategic founding partners. strategic partners alongside our experienced team, the project backed majorly relevant stakeholders and other respected partners. they all bring their know-how the process making eligma world-class undertaking. our founding partners are one the largest and most diverse shopping centers, global start-up accelerator, growing company that closed extremely successful crowdfunding campaign and two leading blockchain development companies with extensive experience token sale projects. btc the big vote confidence for eligma the support and engagement one the largest and most diverse shopping, business, entertainment and leisure centres europe, btc. btc enterprise unique company with over years tradition and visionary leadership, with which obtained leading position commercial property development and logistics the region. best known for its btc city city within city ljubljana with its own living lab and abc accelerator. btc city represents unique smart city with more than stores, covering brands, companies, bars and restaurants, food market, parking spots, recreation centre and waterpark, theatre and cineplex, hotels, casino and many more. addition their rich business area, they are also extremely proud part outfit success story, which was the first slovenian unicorn. furthermore, btc manages close million square meters retail space. alone, their logistics department prepared and commissioned pallets. spartan solutions spartan solutions blockchain development company, dedicated creating and supporting innovative and unique ecosystems for blockchain-based projects. many successful token sale projects used their consultancy and development services that include implementing token and business models and reviews, design, creating and testing customized smart contracts, cross-blockchain migrations and community and communications channel support. their full-stack support valuable addition every blockchain project their pre- post-token sale stage. active involvement, reviews and contributions from spartan solutions' employees one the most important proofs that eligma's progress one watch. netis netis innovation blockchain lab and consultancy, specialized cohesive solutions for businesses, seeking competitive edge using blockchain-based technology. close-knit team experts with years experience the crypto world giving business partners unique crypto market insight and paramount network most appreciated crypto professional. for eligma, the team will bridge wisdom tradition with blockchain innovation accompanied with strategic advisory and implementation. viberate the accumulated know-how our team enriched with our fourth partner viberate successfully crowdsourced live-music ecosystem and blockchain-based marketplace, where music professionals and music lovers business with one another directly. they were founded and are managed music industry veterans and now employ more than people and are supported the -time grammy-award winner imogen heap. they were the talk the token sale community when they successfully raised million u.s. dollars minutes seconds with their token sale september abc draw our determination for eligma's success from our strategic partner, the best accelerator the abc accelerator. with several years tradition and success stories, has far helped accelerate startups, including viberate, symvaro, facility, nervteh, appray, fruttaweb, hotailor, panorganic, kraftpal and smartiscity name just few. with offices silicon valley u.s., germany, slovenia and ukraine, abc has reached global recognition and partners such ibm, microsoft, cisco, oracle, bmw, amazon web services, btc city, petrol, zavarovalnica triglav, telekom slovenija, lidl and many others. abc has established itself slovenia's premier start-up accelerator, attracting the finest talent from home and abroad. through collaboration with other accelerators and support harvard, berkeley and stanford university well others, abc offering very wide network and unique access potential customers and partners, well contributing their investment and enabling push the global market, which crucial for our big scale success. title awarded cesa central european startup awards icecat icecat independent worldwide syndicator e-commerce product content and product statistics. part the imerge e-commerce group. icecat produced millions product data-sheets all world languages and analyzes the performance thousands brands. its statistics are based billions annual product data-sheets downloads tens thousands connected e-commerce websites: online shops, erp systems, comparison sites, purchase systems, rating portals, and other applications. data stored one single standardized format, which facilitates easy categorizing, filtering, searching and comparing the products. offers very flexible data creation process and the possibility further expansion different product groups with high quality standards, high level localization and consistency. for the purpose prosperous execution eligma project, all funds will strategically distributed. token crowdsale general information eligma token (code: eli) fully erc- compliant ethereum utility token and will available exchange for ethereum (eth) contributions. total number eli tokens that will generated during the token generation event (tge): eli number eli tokens that will distributed during the whole token crowdsale process: eli target sum contributions the token crowdsale process (hard cap): eth equivalent u.s. dollars minimum sum contributions (soft cap): eth equivalent u.s. dollars offered token exchange ratio: eli u.s. dollars details: the know your customer (kyc) procedure, where contributors disclose their personal information, mandatory both phases before the contribution. our goal collect u.s. dollars the presale and additional u.s. dollars the public crowdsale equivalent ethereum contributions. the eth/usd exchange ratio can fluctuate, therefore these hard caps are just approximate values. additionally, unsold tokens presale period will transferred the public crowdsale phase with different bonus, meaning that the total sum collected contributions eth (in u.s. dollar equivalent) can deviate from the target sum. tokens, not distributed the presale phase, will transferred the next phase. unsold tokens the crowdsale phase will transferred fund, dedicated reward plans for eligma platform users. the equivalent value all contributions will not reach the soft cap, all contributions will returned the contributors' ethereum addresses. excess contributions eth, received after the individual phase hard cap reached, will bounced returned the contributing ethereum addresses, reduced the transactional costs (gas). contributors should not contribute eth directly from online exchanges, eli tokens will returned directly those contributing address, which might not able accommodate our tokens. all contributors must contribute eth from their private ethereum wallets. this total number all eli tokens existence. there will later issuance eli tokens. all tokens will distributed after the completion the last phase and will locked (non-transferable) for short validation period. after successful validation the process, all tokens will unlocked and become transferable. all dates are the format: dd.mm.yyyy for more information, please refer the terms sale available [www.eligma.io/tos]. phase public presale this phase dedicated our close community members and early contributors that will able obtain eli tokens. want ensure that our eli tokens will well distributed among long-term supporters and users our platform. eli tokens, not distributed this phase, will offered the next phase. phase duration: utc utc until the hard cap reached phase target sum contributions: eth equivalent u.s. dollars phase bonus: additional eli tokens for all accepted contributions eligma however reserves the right introduce invite-only private presale contribution period, where the bonus for the duration the private presale contribution period may higher (at eligma's discretion). the eli tokens distributed during the private presale contribution period will not exceed all the available eli tokens assigned the contributors. all the contributors the private presale will whitelisted. target amount distributed eli tokens: eli minimum contribution: eth contributions validation time: utc equivalent value contributions usd will calculated this time according the average exchange ratio coinmarketcap.com. phase ii: public crowdsale this phase dedicated the general public, hnwis and small contributors. phase duration: utc utc until the hard cap reached phase target sum contributions: eth equivalent u.s. dollars this target sum only approximation that can vary due fluctuations the eth/usd exchange ratio. will also influenced the fact that total number distributed tokens might increase the amount unsold tokens from previous phases. phase bonuses: additional tokens for the first mio. eli tokens additional tokens for the second mio. eli tokens additional tokens for the third mio. eli tokens additional tokens for the fourth mio. eli tokens for remaining tokens target amount distributed eli tokens: eli unsold tokens from previous phases minimum contribution: eth maximum contribution: the maximum amount each contribution will declared based community requests minimum two days prior the public crowdsale contributions validation time: utc equivalent value contributions usd will calculated this time according the average exchange ratio coinmarketcap.com. eli token distribution crowdsale eli eligma team community and user growth advisors future partners there are tokens that will have vesting period according the following schedule: tokens allocated the team will have vesting period years; tokens allocated the advisors will have vesting period years; tokens allocated the future partners will have vesting period years; tokens allocated the community and user growth will not have vesting period. eligma token (eli) crowdsale starts april eli funds distribution our funds distribution will divided into three groups: first phase development: u.s. dollars second phase scaling: u.s. dollars third phase marketing: u.s. dollars development phase distribution contributions will cover the technical development costs the platform; contributions will cover the costs non-technical product development, including project management, team management and business development; contributions will cover the costs adding new online stores into the database and internally curating existing ones; contributions will fund the first marketing phase, covering basic marketing operations, including advertising campaigns for user acquisition and branding; contributions will cover day-to-day operations, office rent, office equipment, travel expenses and legal fees. daily operations marketing growing our database non-technical development development marketing phase distribution contributions will cover the costs direct sales our target audiences, including direct calls and personal meetings; contributions will cover the costs negotiating partnerships with additional online stores, including personal meetings; contributions will finance global, ongoing campaign, targeted towards specialized and mainstream media; contributions will cover the costs ongoing global campaign covering all relevant media outlets, designed increase our user database and assure platform liquidity. business development marketing partnership negotiations scaling phase distribution contributions will cover the technical development costs adding online stores from new markets into the database well adding additional languages; contributions will cover the costs non-technical product development, connected directly the global scaling the product; contributions will cover additional travel expenses and setting offices new markets; contributions will cover the costs negotiating partnerships with additional online stores, including personal meetings; contributions will fund the marketing new markets, including advertising campaigns for user acquisition and branding; contributions will cover day-to-day operations, office rent, office equipment, travel expenses and legal fees. development daily operations marketing business development non-technical development opening new markets