table contents introduction boatsters: the start the journey elitium: new era digital why use blockchain-based solution? why use native currency? identified problems industry elitium solutions the elitium ecosystem managing the development eum smart contracts smart contract: use case elitium products elitium suite elitium staking program how elitium staking works elitium card spend eum anywhere that accepts visa core features growth program vera: ai-enabled concierge what artificial intelligence (ai)? why use artificial intelligence (ai) for elitium? elitium app gateway into elitium the elitium coin (eum) coin basics ethereum blockchain why build ethereum? coin functions elitium capital digital asset platform (dap) self-managed investment ecosystem old world meets new elitium business three pillars ebus why partner with elitium business? company organizational setup company structure business models charitable contributions legal considerations, risks and disclaimer responsibility statement gdpr note from raoul milhado, elitium co-founder introduction the blockchain has been around for more than decade. still, feels like frontier technology. companies have barely scratched the surface what this 'internet value' will achieve. however, the pace innovation increasing, and elitium stands the centre thanks range solutions that can alter how consumers interact with currency. the first genuinely accessible digital currency that users can hold, earn, spend, and invest. the second global platform where consumers can engage with the entire elitium ecosystem, including purchasing exclusive experiences, goods, and services; managing cryptocurrency portfolio; using cryptocurrency range value-creating processes. finally, progressive fintech platform connects businesses and investors via digital share offerings, creating ecosystem which money can earned, spent and invested. ecosystem that covers every aspect how people interact with money: the one side, generating receiving funds, which are then held dedicated wallet; the other, spending currency wherever one chooses, reinvesting generate further rewards what full-circle economy. elitium's ecosystem financial playground: place where participants can find the best way make the most their funds. ~~~ ultimately, elitium aims remove any barrier the mass adoption blockchain-based solutions across the luxury and finance industries. that said, elitium's suite products means limited luxury goods and services. rather, elitium fulfils the expectation delivering premium-quality solutions from which every user can benefit, letting the world discover value across all aspects how people interact with money. the innovations presented this white paper not only provide direct benefits consumers; they improve business efficiencies well. currently, many segments face cumbersome processes, which often lead time and cost-intensive activities. there are countless industries still dealing with high degree manual processing, including the execution contracts, customer requests, rentals refunds. example the chartering process for yachts, which includes the exchange several confidential documents, the processing international payments, and the handling communication and correspondence between multiple parties. elitium's platform streamlines such processes offering innovative and user-friendly technologies via blockchain-as-a-service, distributed under the elitium business banner. ~~~ the elitium core team comprises expertise across luxury, digital marketing, mobile applications, blockchain, legal and finance. further, elitium's business model based well-known companies that have been active across our target industries for more than years. this unique combination experience coupled with our extensive network global partners creates excellent foundation which are building groundbreaking technology company, centered the mission that sits the core elitium's business and drives our day-to-day actions: "elitium stands for more than cryptocurrency blockchain. are building products that enable digital currency power shifting economy, connecting the old world the new. doing so, are unlocking new paradigm value for all discover." ~~~ boatsters: the start the journey the idea elitium originated from the team behind boatsters and leading blockchain expert. boatsters rental company for yachts and boats with offices mallorca (es), miami (us) and amsterdam (nl). they are partners with family-owned yacht broker company with more than years experience the luxury industry. since the start boatsters the company has experienced tremendous growth with currently more than yachts the platform while being active different countries. boatsters has always been forerunner introducing innovation the traditional yacht rental industry. this innovative mindset has led boatsters into exploring opportunities that blockchain technology could offer the nautical industry very early stage. today, boatsters the only platform this industry which accepts (up cryptocurrencies standard payments for chartering yachts. this first shift blockchain technology marked important milestone for boatsters early-adopters their industry. the payment solution boatsters facilitates payments with cryptocurrencies for yacht charters all around the world. the wallet-to-wallet solution has been thoroughly developed with focus being user-friendly and ensuring safe environment. additionally, the solution avoids unnecessary transaction costs and provides the opportunity convert assets any given moment time. elitium: new era digital boatsters' new payment solution was not the only planned milestone the company's innovation strategy. raoul milhado, the managing partner boatsters, had more visionary concept which wider range luxury goods and services could offered single platform. the concept translated into platform that connects consumers and providers the luxury industry, secure and easy-to-use environment. the development this idea marked the birth elitium. since inception, elitium has evolved from pureplay luxury goods and services platform all-encompassing fintech solution. today, elitium stands for more than cryptocurrency blockchain, and for more than just marketplace for luxury goods and services. the team building products that will power shifting economy, connecting the old world the new. digital solutions that solve problems related currency, finance, how people enjoy their everyday lives. elitium now comprises ecosystem spanning alternative investments and digital luxuries that will alter the expectations the world has around what currency can do. eum currency without bounds: fast, low-cost, borderless transactions are but swipe away you spend either directly the app the real-world, using your elitium debit card; eum underpins the elitium staking program: solution that gives users low-friction way on-board into crypto and receive annual rewards; elitium masternodes offer higher returns: operators can power the elitium ecosystem for annual rewards; elitium capital groundbreaking digital share platform: the innovation finance that lets businesses raise funding tokenizing real-world assets, gold miners fund operations selling tokenized version their commodities, while investors can diversify their portfolio with array unique investments that span sectors. currency has moved from precious metals paper; from paper cashless society. now, needs turn truly digital. elitium making that happen, and the elitium ecosystem encapsulates what the new era digital holds. why use blockchain-based solution? elitium has been designed borderless ecosystem that can process range payments and investments across the globe. blockchain technology enables elitium's core vision and when compared traditional, digital payment solutions, offers range benefits both consumers and businesses, including: enhanced security blockchain-based payment systems increase the security transactions for users when compared traditional digital payment systems. traditional payment solutions, transactions are typically uploaded cloud server stored set locations. these inherently possess security risk cyber-criminals can technically break into these networks and retrieve/corrupt sensitive data single repository. the contrary, blockchain technology all but eliminates the opportunity for malicious attack data decentralized, encrypted, and cross-checked network distributed nodes. once transaction the distributed ledger, it's almost impossible change delete the entry without node noticing and invalidating the alteration. lower transaction fees the unique characteristics blockchain technology enables companies operate lot quicker and more cost-efficient way, with less risks and lower capital requirements. therefore, blockchain technology enables elitium maintain reduced transaction fees compared other traditional payment solutions, which benefits both the consumers and providers the platform. moreover, the favorable cost basis allows elitium offer more cost-effective technology solutions business clients part baas service. increased operational efficiency there are many examples enterprises that face high degree manual processing contract executions, rentals customer enquiries. consequently, the elitium founders identified the opportunity for blockchain technology improve operational efficiencies. their interest the technology was triggered the potential for highly automated business processes through the use smart contracts. their journey led collaboration with ethereum: the platform responsible for the unique smart contract infrastructure that enables major efficiency improvements for businesses our network. figure key reasons for using blockchain technology why use native currency? the decision adopt blockchain technology one the key design elements the elitium platform. another cornerstone the adoption elitium's own native cryptocurrency, the elitium coin, eum the key advantages using eum instead rd-party cryptocurrency include: sustainability the ecosystem the ecosystem elitium depends eum for its proper functioning and long-term sustainability. eum increases the stability the platform elitium not dependent the viability another cryptocurrency. consequently, potential risks associated with other cryptocurrencies such security flaws are mitigated. moreover, the development native currency important prerequisite for maintaining sustainable economy within the platform. additional services our own native currency provides opportunities for the implementation additional services for our users, which are already well-known traditional payment solutions: instant conversion to/from fiat users and partners the platform can instantly spend convert fiat currencies into eum (or vice versa). this service increases the accessibility elitium wide range users including both cryptocurrency users and consumers who are not familiar with cryptocurrencies. loyalty/growth programs encourage consumers join elitium (and thereafter transact the platform), loyalty program rewards those who purchase goods and services within the elitium ecosystem. users are rewarded with eum based percentage the total amount they spend. therefore, they benefit from similar reward programs used standard credit card companies, even more when they use the elitium card for everyday purchases. customization smart contracts with the deployment our own native currency, make possible provide pre-coded smart contracts with certain degrees customization. further, collaborating with ethereum provides the possibility creating smart contracts relatively more technical and cost-efficient way. therefore, enables elitium automate the smart contract precisely envision for the users our platform. figure key reasons for development own native currency identified problems industry when exploring the concept luxury-focused cryptocurrency, the elitium co-founders identified five problem areas based decades experience the luxury and hospitality sectors, while levering their technical expertise. lack integrated solutions across luxury brands boatsters pilot cryptocurrency payment solution triggered interest from top-end service providers, including private jet charters and luxury resorts. these companies were interested introducing similar payment solution for their brands. however, creating bespoke solutions for every brand did not prove efficient. hence, there was clear need for integrated solution across the industry, even single common marketplace that anyone can access. risk malicious attacks cryptocurrency holders cryptocurrencies are target for cybercriminals and hacks. make matters worse, transactions the blockchain cannot reversed. such, malicious transaction cannot undone. cryptocurrencies merely represent digital coins with backing (e.g. government, physical commodity) victims rarely have any legal recourse the event malicious attack. addition, transactions the luxury industry are often relatively large volume, which makes security even more important consideration. absence tangible use cases for many cryptocurrencies the absence tangible use case one the greatest criticisms leveled many cryptocurrencies. it's fair concern, given several digital currencies exist without serving any purpose outside being speculative trading device. there's dearth cryptocurrencies with core purpose supporting specific sector platform. addition, the absence backing from their respective industries leaves hole any project and makes widespread adoption all-the-less-likely. cryptocurrencies are still relatively new phenomenon: holders still face challenge when evaluating their value, which makes most cryptocurrencies highly sensitive market sentiment opposed their intrinsic value. inefficiencies operational processes across industry there are several examples businesses that are still dealing with high degree manual processing execution contracts, customer requests, rentals refunding. typically, these processes are time consuming and costly, which affects the efficiency and profitability such businesses. these inefficiencies also apply different segments the luxury industry (for example, the area yacht charters, where various documents are distributed different parties with high-touch communication, leading inefficient and drawn out process). figure identified problems the industry elitium solutions having identified the key issues, the elitium founders are solving these five problems developing integrated ecosystem blockchain-driven solutions. integrated global platform elitium's all-inclusive platform connects network participants who can then engage business, matter their location, thanks elitium's native currency, eum. the platform works across operating systems (web, android, ios) and enables user-friendly payment, investment and crypto-holding solution. the platform encompasses select money-can't-buy experiences, alongside raft innovative blockchain solutions, that elitium can provide users with the ability create and access premium lifestyle. clients also have the ability manage transactions and investments well make on-demand concierge requests single secure environment. real use cases and dedicated strategy for eum eum useful, reliable, and sustainable currency, positioned the heart the elitium platform. whether it's used consumers pay for goods partners receive remuneration for good service, every participant the elitium ecosystem can interact (in varying degrees) with eum. moreover, using eum the elitium ecosystem, users can expect receive eum-based cashback, rewards discounts, well generating more rewards when paying with eum part the elitium tier program. improving operational efficiency with smart contracts elitium has technology collaborations that strengthen our overall offering. one example our partnership with ethereum: widely considered the most successful smart contract platform available, enabling near-instant payments, higher scalability and the ability process thousands transactions per second. the smart contract technology ethereum allows elitium introduce major efficiencies for businesses operating our network, which means can collectively improve the efficiency, accuracy and speed our partners' operations. licencing technology via blockchain-as-a-service elitium global ecosystem, capable serving users everywhere. the platform can become all-in-one business solution that makes difference any businesses' balance sheet companies throughout the world embrace the blockchain revolution. elitium's unique baas solution includes new ways for companies boost revenues; the means for making old-world processes fit for the new economy; methods for driving internal efficiencies with blockchain technology well way spearhead change. the elitium ecosystem elitium unique ecosystem innovative products and features. the ecosystem leverages the elitium coin eum enable fast, secure, and borderless payments throughout the platform. moreover, elitium users can enjoy level anonymity eum-based purchases show only 'elitium' statements, thus obscuring where transaction was made. figure users can purchase all offered goods and services the elitium ecosystem with eum encourage consumers join and thereafter transact the platform, elitium ffers range programs reward active users. the programs reward users eum for actions that help elitium grow (e.g., referring new user); for the total amount they have spent the platform; or, for the volume cryptocurrency purchased referred members. these reward programs extend the elitium card, mirroring the loyalty operated credit card companies whereby portion spend returned the card-holder elitium's case, the form eum cashback. managing the development eum the main purpose eum support the functionality elitium products. moreover, actively encourage the use eum the real world, well trading third-party exchanges. ultimately, eum can become useful, reliable and sustainable currency. therefore, essential part elitium's strategy dedicated actively managing the development eum with focus two elements: fuel the economy eum vital part elitium the coin plays central role across platform activities, most notably the core elitium offering. users want leverage smart contracts (i.e., book goods and services efficiently), access exclusive deals (i.e., buy money-can't-buy-experiences), earn additional rewards (i.e., part the tier model), they must use eum the primary currency for the associated transactions. such dependency eum enables the currency act the platform's fuel (in contrast the many cryptocurrencies that not offer any tangible use case basic reason for existence). enable expansion key part the company's growth strategy the expansion elitium into new sectors. have long-term focus continuously delivering benefits our stakeholders. moreover, proactively manage the onboarding new partners expand the available goods, services, and investments offered via the platform. smart contracts essential opportunity for increasing efficiency our ecosystem the deployment bespoke smart contracts. essence, smart contracts are lines code that are stored blockchain, which execute automatically when predetermined conditions are met. the benefits smart contracts are very significant business they help enforce agreement which all participants can certain the outcome. smart contracts can used transaction gateway protocol within automated payment procedure and, implemented correctly, they enable various benefits including: savings and efficiency smart contracts remove the need for intermediaries parties can trust the openly available ledger, with the technology executing the transaction. such, the additional layer verification -party longer required and the associated fees are saved. beyond cost reductions, smart contracts offer the potential reduce the time taken process both documents and information. autonomy smart contracts eliminate the need for -party intermediary facilitator, essentially giving the parties full control any agreement. smart contract can used its own, but can also implemented combination with other smart contracts that are triggered upon successful completion the preceding smart contract: this creates the potential for ecosystem running smart contracts entirely autonomous way. smart contract: use case example the potential smart contracts can seen the experience boatsters, and the charter process yachts. currently, the process lengthy and cumbersome, involving multiple parties (brokers, owners, tenants), international payments, and excessive documentation (as illustrated figure figure simplified example yacht rental process the introduction smart contract solution would improve this process no-end eliminating nearly all the steps with pre-programmed agreement. smart contract solution was deployed between the tenant, owner and broker, the smart contract could behave logically, based algorithm, and guarantee that all the agreed terms and conditions are fulfilled following the process below: independent storage generated, for which all involved parties are allowed input value but cannot easily take out. all contracts and documents are placed this distributed ledger and consequently signed the different parties involved. the tenant inputs the required amount money the storage. the owner inputs code for obtaining access the yacht. the owner receives the payment confirmation and the tenant receives the access code. the tenant obtains access the yacht with the provided access code, the payment the owner executed and the owner receives the money. further, the broker(s) will also automatically receive the broker fee percentage the gross amount. appears that the access code supplied the owner wrong the contractual agreement not met, the tenant receives refund. appears that the tenant did not attempt access the yacht before predefined cut-off time, the owner gets liquidated damages payment according the contractual agreement. after successful rental period the tenant receives refund any deposit(s) made for the yacht and other advance allowances (e.g. fuel, food, beverages). the end the agreement, the smart contract fulfilled and remains stored the blockchain network. elitium can offer bespoke smart contract technology partners across industries not just yacht charters improve core processes beyond recognition. elitium products elitium offers suite products that give users variety ways maximize the value they get from the platform. the products are interconnected create ecosystem that powers next-generation economy. elitium's secondary focus building products that make cryptocurrency accessible possible for broad user base possible. with the above mind, have built product set with mass-market appeal. elitium suite the elitium suite curated marketplace where users can source, browse, and book money-can't-buy experiences, goods services from across the globe. forms collection categories across segments, users can find precisely what they love alongside number unexpected, yet exclusive goings-on. the elitium suite comprises experiences that span categories including air, water, earth, and fire. while products and services comprise mix specially-sourced art, collectibles, jewelry, beverages, and array miscellany, also known hidden gems. see below for select offerings that could available the elitium suite: experience nights beneath the ocean sub-sea level residence explore the white desert antarctica one day stay island where past u.s. presidents have spent holidays design your own custom yacht voyage uncharted territory see the watery wonders the world just seven years the elitium suite marketplace like other: the only place the world where users can find exclusive, money-can't-buy elitium experiences. elitium staking program elitium offers in-house staking program that rewards participants per year for holding balance eum their staking wallet. participants receive rewards for the staked eum balance variable cycle typically within few days the first the month and are free withdraw their funds any moment they choose. the eum staking program works web application. such, forms part the app experience, well being available standalone service across devices and operating systems, with dedicated cold-storage and multi-signature protection ensuring maximum security. how elitium staking works elitium designed its staking program simple and accessible for all. users require next-to-no technical knowledge start staking, which effectively means anyone can stake balance eum earn rewards. start staking, participants simply have to: sign the elitium dashboard start staking automatically with deposit eum (no minimum, lock-up) stop staking, and withdraw any time the simplicity the system rare for the sector. such, can help drive mass adoption cryptocurrency giving users straightforward on-ramp via easy-to-use interface doing so, staking makes digital currency accessible all. elitium card currency only becomes useful when becomes spendable. the elitium card makes that happen. moreover, it's one the only cards that lets users spend cryptocurrency directly (rather than first converting bitcoin for fee, before user can spend). the elitium card represents simplified debit card with membership benefits, offering access unique lifestyle that includes exclusive, money-can't-buy experiences, well automated cashback for spending within the elitium ecosystem. the elitium card stands alone thanks three core benefits: buy anything with eum, anywhere the world receive cashback every purchase part the elitium community spend eum anywhere that accepts visa cardholders can use the elitium card upwards million merchants worldwide atms withdraw cash. equally, users can spend any merchant that accepts apple pay, google pay, samsung pay. or, they can send cryptocurrency across the world using any elitium card username standard email address (note: recipients funds not have elitium card holders). core features the elitium card unique the sector offers variety value-driven, customer-centric services, including: use anywhere that accepts visa (m+ merchants) funds stay crypto until the moment transaction email crypto funds friends and family compatible with mobile payments (apple pay, google pay, samsung pay) transaction deposit fees registered with finra (u.s. jurisdiction) growth program the growth program incentivizes users become active the elitium community, spread positive message, and receive rewards for their efforts. users can enroll automatically: all that required they sign the elitium platform. elitium then offers generous bonuses with rewards increasing proportion the value created each user. users can earn rewards automatically performing selection tasks, including (but not limited to): following social media channels liking articles sharing social media referring new users the platform writing articles related elitium growing elitium sourcing new partners talking about elitium grow the user base elitium has committed pool eum reward growth program participants for relevant activities the pool may increase over time when the initial amount has been distributed. vera: ai-enabled concierge the strategy elitium not only limited introducing innovative fintech solutions. are equally committed enhancing traditional services with cutting-edge technologies, including artificial intelligence. what artificial intelligence (ai)? artificial intelligence (ai) refers intelligent behaviours performed machines, which different from 'natural intelligence' that displayed humans. typically, refers machine that mimics cognitive functions humans (e.g., problem solving, learning and automation). doing this, the machine perceives its environment and takes actions maximize the chance successful outcome its goals. moreover, already exists since the early 's. however, only recent times that the technology has advanced way that can used reliable tool for key business tasks. this could range from basic customer service, highly personalized tasks and more advanced problem-solving activities. why use artificial intelligence (ai) for elitium? elitium aims maximize customer experience the platform empowering customer service representatives and human concierges with technology. the use technology has great potential support employees delivering exceptional customer experience and careful assistance. this combination enables elitium deliver new kind customer experience with wide range benefits, including: instant communication, personalized customer experience, and improved efficiency. figure key reasons for using artificial intelligence (ai) instant communication the use could dramatically improve timely responses towards customer questions and requests, which generally considered key challenge customer service. the ability ai-powered customer service bots carry out traditionally human functions any time the day great potential for eliminating human error and delivering superior service. technology has proven very effective direct messaging and online chat services that respond customers. with instantaneous responses (e.g. /), provides superior customer service comparison with human-to-human interaction. additionally, ai-powered bots are able automatically recognize customer requires real person solve more complex topics, this enables more effective and efficient use the 'human' value-add. personalized customer experience many aspects the activities consumers the luxury market are captured massive amounts data, which often remain unused. combining this data with technology highly valuable for elitium create high-grade personalization and exceptional customer experiences. hence, this represents important opportunity for utilizing technology for its ability capture preferences customers and tailoring highly personalized recommendations. here, the concierge service the elitium app great example: wide range activities can automated combining and our payment solution (such as, e.g., ticket bookings, hotel reservations, taxi booking). lastly, the powered solutions elitium can continuously learn throughout time interacting with customers continuously improve our service towards customers. improved efficiency powered bots can lighten the load customer service staff while still maintaining private and personalized service for guests. the reduced workload unique opportunity for employees dedicate themselves combining artificial intelligence and 'real intelligence' for optimized customer interaction. besides, the use technology also enables elitium target larger consumer bases without suffering loss the level customer service, thereby facilitating growth the platform. elitium app the elitium app offers gateway into everything elitium. it's intuitive platform with streamlined payments process, letting elitium users find, book purchase money-can't-buy experiences, goods services from across the globe; check investments unique tokenized assets; manage staking balance; or, simply verify transactions within the elitium platform. consumers can access the app any ios android device, with eum ensuring seamless global payments solution: putting unique experiences just click away offering single point access manage spending, holding and transferring funds developing deeper relationships with customers and partners across the ecosystem offering ai-enabled personal concierge service all users the app puts the elitium experience the palm everyone's hands. gateway into elitium the app spans four segments: marketplace for experiences, goods and services; wallet management; ai-enabled concierge, and account management. elitium suite users elitium can access curated marketplace book range unique, money-can't-buy experiences, goods and services, directly the app: book sub-ocean hotel escape ski trip the himalayas purchase unique pieces art vintage wines access one-of-a-kind exclusives pay eum with other common payment methods wallet management all users can define individual preferences for managing their fiat currencies and eum, for example: purchase eum with fiat- cryptocurrencies deposit and withdraw eum and from your wallet track rewards earned via elitium loyalty programs review transactions and spend your elitium account stake eum grow your balance per year manage connected bank accounts and credit cards follow market news and price developments eum after successful purchases the platform, percentage the spend returned the customer part the elitium loyalty program. these cashback rewards are paid out eum coins and can used for purchases goods and services converted into fiat currency via the dashboard. figure demo views the elitium app vera: ai-enabled concierge the elitium app includes wide range support functionalities, each backed elitium's own ai-enabled smart assistant, vera: chat elitium's irtual ecutive bot ssistant (vera) make, update cancel bookings request various personal concierge services get pre-sale support (e.g. assistance service/product selection) ask powerful personal assistant take care everyday activities account management users the elitium app have wide range functionalities available for user account management, such as: editing and updating personal information upgrading different membership tiers for enhanced features, offers and services personalizing the in-app experience (e.g., selecting the native fiat currency from eur, usd, jpy, and more) extensive kyc/aml verification comply with international regulations editing privacy settings and define user anonymity level managing verification for maximum security figure demo views the elitium app elitium's primary focus building products that make cryptocurrency accessible while also creating value for broad user base with that mind, have built app compliment our product suite and offer mass-market appeal. the elitium coin (eum) eum erc- coin. erc- coins are used the ethereum blockchain. they follow list standards that they can shared exchanged for other coins global exchanges, stored ethereum-compatible crypto-wallet (read more here ethereum-based tokens are hence some the most accessible and applicable cryptocurrencies that exist today. coin basics eum live the ethereum blockchain, with total supply eum. eum currently listed bitmart and stex, with plans list more mainstream exchanges thanks the following coin attributes: eum uses industry-leading blockchain architecture created/killed several smarts contracts for direct research purpose (burn/pair/swap) built customized and proprietary mineable coin architecture from scratch implemented pairing/swapping capabilities developed using solidity (the programming language used code ethereum) developed compatible with all eth wallets (such myetherwallet, mist and metamask) developed comply with the erc- standard, which guarantees the compatibility the coin with -party services and ensures ease integration ethereum blockchain ethereum blockchain protocol powered the native cryptocurrency ether (eth) which operates smart contract platform and decentralized operating system. the ethereum software intended for the deployment large-scale decentralized applications through decentralized autonomous corporation model. more specifically, ethereum introduces new blockchain architecture designed enable vertical and horizontal scaling decentralized applications (dapps). dapp essentially application that runs its backend code decentralized peer-to-peer network contrast standard app where the backend code runs centralized servers. this results technology with blockchain architecture that has the potential scale millions transactions per second, significantly reduce user fees, and allow fast and easy deployment and maintenance dapps. why build ethereum? the ethereum platform was designed solve inefficiencies and meet all requirements for improving the speed developing and deploying dapps. moreover, the ethereum platform provides many benefits for elitium and other companies, including: support industrial-scale applications order for elitium operate global scale equivalent ebay, uber, airbnb, facebook, the platform requires blockchain technology capable handling millions active daily users. the ethereum software has the potential handle and support large number user requests and reach industrial-scale user bases. this key advantage for the development elitium this enables handling millions requests and daily transactions generated the platform. low latency elitium aims introduce excellent user experience, which requires timely and reliable feedback users while using the application. typically, users demand reliable feedback with delay more than few seconds longer delays make the solution less competitive with traditional solutions. the ethereum software supports and prioritizes low latency transactions the platform makes perfectly suitable for the use cases elitium. consistent performance with high workloads key characteristic highly scalable decentralized applications the capability division work capacity across numerous nodes and processing units. the handling high workloads paramount importance elitium envisions bring its solutions global scale with millions daily users. the ethereum platform enables efficient, enhanced parallel performance handle the dapp workload, which essential characteristic for developing elitium. cost efficiency within the ethereum platform, application developers have the flexibility offer users free services; users should not have pay order use the platform benefit from its services. hence, the free-to-use policy the blockchain platform also potential catalyst for widespread adoption and user growth. this allows elitium have low-cost and efficient way operating the platform and creates several opportunities for effective monetization strategies. easy upgrades and bug recovery businesses that are developing blockchain-based applications require the flexibility enhance their applications with new features and upgrades, this especially relevant for elitium innovator the luxury industry. the software ethereum supports ongoing development and provides the flexibility that elitium requires for e.g. smart-contract code versioning and adding new features existing dapps. coin functions eum intrinsic element elitium's business model the coin plays central role our ecosystem. general, large part the business model elitium estimated consist generating payments, transaction fees and commission fees. hence, the daily use the platform expected generate continuous flow transactions between several different parties. the flow transactions designed settled with the eum coin fast, secure and efficient manner. more specifically, the eum coin powered the blockchain technology ethereum enable high efficiency and security executing high volume transactions. figure application smart contracts powered eum thus, the eum coin used settle, e.g. transaction fees, commission fees, deposits and loyalty rewards, well the execution smart contracts. this way, all transaction flows between different parties the ecosystem coordinated and executed though predefined and customized smart contracts. addition, the increase efficiency allows elitium offer highly competitive transaction fees and commission fees members and partners, respectively. elitium capital since inception, elitium has focused exploring the full potential blockchain technology and the different contexts which can applied. elitium's latest development the introduction digital share platform known elitium capital (ecap). elitium capital opening new world investment opportunities global audience, delivering accessibility and transparency previously exclusive, opaque markets. today, elitium capital sits the core the elitium vision. digital asset platform (dap) the elitium capital digital asset platform (dap) turns real-world assets into digital shares, releasing equity projects that hold broad investor appeal and significant potential roi. the dap helps businesses raise capital tokenizing internal assets; helps miners fund operations tokenizing commodities; lets developers fund work tokenizing projects. covering such wide array investment opportunities across variety sectors, elitium capital's digital asset platform aims help every investor build solid and truly diversified portfolio via secure, transparent investment process. figure pitch page and portfolio page from the dap prototype the simple, investor-focused interface offers access exclusive investment opportunities, each paired with state-of-the-art security and supported all the other benefits that the blockchain technology has store. the platform attracts users offering clear pipeline attractive investments and can become showcase for the world digital share offerings ultimately, elitium capital can become the world's digital asset platform choice. self-managed investment ecosystem in-line with the broader elitium strategy, elitium capital aims offer comprehensive ecosystem which participants can carry out any investment-related activity they choose. this end, elitium capital has the necessary framework place coordinate the end-to-end tokenization exclusive real-world assets, including: the legal framework necessary issue digital shares (inc. administration distribution) full kyc and aml/cft compliance across usa europe dividend payouts, exchange access, and trading opportunities extensive reporting and settlement functionality elitium capital offers investors the chance build truly diversified portfolio through investing entirely different asset class, while enjoying full deal transparency enabled the blockchain infrastructure. the other side, asset owners can release liquidity from existing asset base, raise funds for further investment, use the elitium app drum custom for existing operation. old world meets new the launch elitium capital marks shift the world investing. enables much wider pool assets become available for investment, including unique and exclusive projects that were not accessible before without the network. moreover, allows individuals participate capital raising events, alongside institutions and funds. combining the traditional world finance with the progressive capabilities blockchain technology, elitium capital creating new status quo: paradigm shift which some point the future, there are limits who can invest what. rather, asset has attractive roi potential, then anyone can choose invest. more inclusive, open-minded, and open-ended approach the world finance the precise qualities that elitium has stood for since the outset. for full overview the elitium capital platform, refer the associated elitium capital white paper. elitium business elitium business offers specialist consultancy service firms exploring blockchain technology. the offering includes blockchain-as-a-service solution that represents turnkey offering for any business interested integrating the technology that runs elitium. three pillars ebus the focus elitium business centers three pillars, each which offers profit maximization strategies clients. the three pillars span three core business functions: business development clients receive direct support from the elitium team optimise existing workflows and automate recurring processes using the advantages that blockchain technology can offer. this can decrease the manpower necessary fulfill the clients service, while maintaining even increasing the quality it, leading profit maximisation. technology clients work with elitium's technology partner syncrasy, getting access team experienced developers. the offer includes integrating elitium's blockchain-as-a-service solution, including upgrades both data security and revenue cash flow, and exploring possibilities artificial intelligence process data. marketing elitium occupies unique position: our team marries excellence luxury, hospitality and technology, unleashing potent marketing force. elitium business partners gain access the elitium marketing team (alongside network partners) create global campaigns, performance marketing campaigns (boosted ppc/digital marketing), and exclusives enabled elitium (including e.g., sponsorship elitium-hosted events, attended both elitium's partner network and elitium clientele). why partner with elitium business? elitium business offers three benefits thanks tried-and-tested, standardized process. domain specialists work with partners analyze business models, processes, and marketing (inc. offline online presence). they devise customized proposals around automating and optimizing business processes. they define go-to-market strategy coupled with roadmap and concrete action plan which ends with the implementation the baas solution. elitium business also tracks and benchmarks success using key performance indicators like improvements revenue, growth market share, and increased brand visibility well cost and time savings. ultimately, the partnership enables three key benefits: release time blockchain technology enhances business efficiency. when companies partner with elitium business, they can automate processes using elitium's unique baas solution, centered around smart contracts, artificial intelligence, and bespoke in-house software which help release time through streamlined processes. maximize profit improved technology helps lower operating costs, with less expenditure employee wages and salaries. moreover, elitium's experience digital can further boost revenues via innovative online marketing strategies, helping grow partners' bottom lines. lastly, adopting blockchain technology early on, companies can take first-mover advantage and quickly establish themselves sector leader. spearhead revolution partnership enables vision whose whole greater than the sum its parts. elitium business offers partners way integrate elitium products, including leveraging the digital asset platform and global marketing campaigns. its heart, elitium business about uniting companies around common goal: redefine the working practices the future. company organizational setup elitium ltd. registered gibraltar. gibraltar has established itself blockchain-friendly jurisdiction due the government's early engagement embracing the new technology, and the british overseas territory stands out thanks its forward-thinking regulatory agenda with innovative vision the future economy. gibraltar took the ambitious step being the first jurisdiction europe that actively regulated firms operating the space blockchain. the development the regulatory framework has been carried out close relation with the industry create framework that protects consumers and safeguards the jurisdiction's reputation. part elitium's organizational structure based switzerland, operating swiss subsidiary fits the organization's long-term strategy. moreover, switzerland has been named the 'most blockchain-friendly country europe' (ref. blockchain conference europe and provides lot support for blockchain start-ups. the above why elitium capital registered zug the "epicentre crypto valley" basing elitium capital's headquarters switzerland lends several distinct advantages the context its operations and capabilities. finally, elitium operates estonian entity, elitium services ou. the purpose the entity ensure full compliance all elitium activity throughout the european market elitium has two estonian crypto-licenses place. the organizational setup described above gives elitium full flexibility grow and develop controlled, secure, and compliant way. company structure elitium comprises several departments that collectively dedicate themselves providing excellent service all participants within the wider elitium ecosystem. executive team the elitium executive team spread across the gibraltar and swiss head offices maximize operational efficiency and ensure ongoing compliance the necessary jurisdictions. technology team the wider elitium technology team comprises developers. this includes leadership with deep experience blockchain technology (spanning development, the founding exchanges, mining, and deeper blockchain community initiatives). the main focus the team the continuous improvement elitium products, with primary focus elitium capital and the experience app. commercial team elitium has operational, commercial, business development, and marketing teams place that manage commercial activities and business development strategies including initiating new partnerships with global brands order expand the offerings the elitium ecosystem. business models elitium's business model designed generate constant and reliable revenue streams order consistently grow and expand the business. the company generates revenues the following ways: commission fees (per successful transaction partners) setup fees (single fee incurred new partners joining elitium) advertisement fees (partners paying promote their services and goods the elitium platform e.g. highlighting new products, promoting exclusive event/offers) listing fees (on elitium capital digital share offerings) baas platform access fees (elitium business partners) figure business models overview charitable contributions the elitium business model focuses creating value for all. this mission extends charity. elitium plans donate monthly profits generated through platform activity selection global charitable organizations. elitium currently touch with multiple foundations discuss this unique opportunity. based ongoing discussions, plan make decision with regards selecting suitable parties become elitium's charity partner(s) and receive the donations. the first year contributions (), elitium management will select the charity(-ies) that elitium will partner with. thereafter, elitium will hold annual votes through which elitium users can decide which charity(-ies) will selected elitium's partner(s). legal considerations, risks and disclaimer important notice: prospective subscribers should carefully read the whole this white paper, together with the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimers" available www.elitium.io recommend you consult legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s) experts for further guidance prior participating the elitium limited coin sale. you are strongly advised take independent legal advice respect the legality your jurisdiction your participation the coin purchases. you should note that your acknowledgment and acceptance the coin purchases terms and conditions represents that you have sought prior independent legal advice. please note that this summary the legal considerations, risks and disclaimers paper which can found www.elitium.io and which advise you read full before: (i) making use this white paper and any and all information available the website elitium limited (the company www.elitium.io (the website all the information the white paper and all information available the website hereinafter referred the available information and/or (ii) participating the company's coin purchases outlined the available information (the coin purchases "). any undefined capitalised terms below shall have the meaning set out the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimers" paper. this summary should not relied place reading the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimers" paper full. the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimers" paper, the full version which was mentioned above, applies the available information. the contents the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" paper outlines the terms and conditions applicable you connection with (i) your use any and all available information; and/or (ii) your participation the coin purchases, each case addition any other terms and conditions that may publish from time time relating the coin purchases and the available information (such terms hereinafter referred the terms "). the information set forth the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimers" paper may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. while make every reasonable effort ensure that all available information accurate and date, such material way constitutes professional advice. individuals intending participate the coin purchases should seek independent professional advice prior acting any the available information. the company does not recommend purchasing coins for speculative investment purposes. coins not entitle you any equity, governance, dividend, voting similar right entitlement the company any its affiliated companies. coins are sold digital assets, similar downloadable software, digital music and the like. the company does not recommend that you purchase coins unless you have prior experience with cryptographic coins, blockchain-based software and distributed ledger technology and unless you have taken independent professional advice. citizens, nationals, residents (tax otherwise), green card holders and/or restricted persons any restricted jurisdiction shall not process the available information and are prohibited from participating the coin purchases the purchase coins any such similar activity. event shall the company any current former company representatives liable for the excluded liability matters. the company does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out the available information. you should carefully consider and evaluate each the risk factors and all other information contained the terms before deciding participate the coin purchases. please refer the full version the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimers" published www.elitium.io/disclaimer.pdf educate yourself regarding further legal disclaimers which govern this document. responsibility statement the directors elitium limited have issued this white paper and have taken all reasonable care ensure that the facts stated this document are true and accurate all material respects, and that there are other facts the omission which would make misleading any statement the document, whether facts opinion. the directors accept responsibility accordingly. gdpr **the information below will only applied for data that's being collected through the use the elitium app** personal data refers any information that tells something about you that can link you. this includes your name, address, date birth, e-mail address, address. you share personal information with us, for example when you: visit our website, complete a(n) (online) (application) form contact through one our channels. all personal data which received through our websites, portals and any other means shall treated elitium with due care. all times elitium shall adhere the strict obligations the general data protection regulation, the data protection act and the telecommunications act. accordance with applicable law elitium shall take appropriate technical and organisational measures ensure confidentiality and integrity your personal data and the way this personal data will processed. elitium shall only retain your personal data for long necessary for the purpose initially required. after this period has lapsed elitium shall ensure your personal data will deleted erased. note from raoul milhado, elitium co-founder "elitium building digital solutions that solve real-world problems related currency, finance, how people enjoy their everyday lives. what are building ecosystem spanning digital investments and digital luxuries: products that will alter expectations around what currency can do. after all, currency has moved from gold paper paper cashless society. now, the world needs turn truly digital, and our own currency eum can make that happen. doing so, elitium can unlock wealth opportunity for all." join telegram follow twitter check instagram sign today and discover elitium