eltcoin white paper ethereum limited total coin version march, what eltcoin? eltcoin 'ethereum limited total coin' community driven limited supply token the ethereum blockchain. launched november the largest airdrop token its time, the eltcoin community has been making strides add real value and utility the ethereum network. since november the eltcoin development community has published open-source apollo app, wallets staked for both the ios and android, groundbreaking partnered hodl.vc with crypto the venture capital fund behind 'moon lambos' and driving the development pocketbook the world's identity platform first decentralised cross chain sovereign eltcoin mission the eltcoin mission individual sovereignty accessible all, built crypto. for some time crypto technology has been open those who have reason use it. have seen trustless networks, made from decentralised nodes; observe the mutual benefits freedom from trust affords us, this foundational. picture the future; transition crypto platforms, environments will form where trust will redefined implicit transaction parameter. this future where individual sovereignty can actually realised. this future, eltcoin dares dream. eltuniverse, ecosystem consisting dao communities; detailed this paper demonstrate the bootstrap nature such organisations. staking eltcoin exercise, the freedom granted via the very nature the eltuniverse economy the how and also the why. the future create, fundamentally incompatible with hierarchical structures governance. our model open source and decentralised the mission simple: stake your claim freedom. eltwallet eltwallet open-source mobile wallet app available for ios and android. the wallet has all the essential functionality required for ethereum and eltcoin holder and supports other erc tokens. eltwallet will not transmit your private key over the network, your private key securely stored your device. features include: generate new ethereum wallet import existing wallet with your private key view eth and tokens transactions send eth and tokens share your wallet address receive eth and tokens pin code and biometric authentication more features come such new transactions notifications, ethereum forks support and pocketbook integration (see below). screenshots the eltwallet https://github.com/eltcoin/eltwallet pocketbook section eltcard eltcoin has unique and innovative approach offering liquidity through payment cards. traditionally companies have partnered with the likes visa and mastercard produce prepaid card. these prepaid cards are typically expensive and only less than hundred thousand are issued. either the company absorbed these costs and shuts down after they release the model unsustainable the cost passed the consumer. enter the challenger banks. eltcoin integrating with the world's most popular banks. utilising open api's provide seamless liquidity our users existing card prepaid cards. you spend money your card, eltcard liquidates your crypto real time using apollo's infrastructure and tops your card back fiat. transactions made through eltcard will show your eltwallet app real time. eltcard currently being beta tested the wild with challenger banks london and new york city. screenshots showing the eltcard integration with the monzo bank. pocketbook pocketbook censorship immune, decentralised human network, implemented block explorer. spanning all ethereum forks, such ethereum classic, expanse, ubiq name just few. the key principles pocketbook: multichain compatibile explorer individual sovereignty via cryptography distributed trustless identity platform web trust key signing easy deployment standardised cross chain smart contracts standardised individual trust tokens, implementing trustless rating system decentralised asset exchange dapp which traders interact directly with vendors either chain via escrow contract. multichain compatibility each ethereum fork use the same public private key pairs, which pocketbook pulls together from each chain into one address. leveraging their the coins multichain across the compatibility, chains users click pocketbook button, move without compromising the security their private key. current process moving coins across ethereum forks (left) vs. new user interface (right) human network pocketbook new kind network, where you have total control over your information authenticating via signature with your private key. users can claim addresses, including for contracts, pocketbook using their private keys. once claimed, owner the address can add metadata public profile. this unique pocketbook and does not exist elsewhere date. pocketbook illustrating claimed address. web trust pocketbook uses decentralised web trust avoid pitfalls centralised key signing authorities, maximising user security, without compromising privacy. the trust balance address regulated voluntary, trustless, rating system. all parties must agree issue positive negative token rating with each transaction. user friendly contract deployment pocketbook has friendly user interface for its users build and deploy smart contracts. currently building smart contracts requires expensive engineering resources who write code which notoriously hard debug. illustration showing smart contract code vs. pocketbook building smart contracts via user interface reduces the likelihood bugs, reduces engineering time and time spent deploying distributed applications. smart contracts have endless possibilities such fulfilling orders. whitelisted crowdsales. multisig wallets. joint accounts, corporate governance tokens. initial coin offerings. escrow. secure contracts. snarks, linkable ring signatures etc] decentralized assets exchange the pocketbook marketplace consists crowdsale contracts issued vendors, simply contracts issued asset from holders who issue standardised order/offer their addresses. additionally users have the choice register their contract with our crowdsale tracker contract. the exchange automatically pulls together all crowdsales registered with our tracker contract. the interface applies filters and organises the information form exchange ui. typical tools such trading pairs, depth charts and prices are folded into modern user interface, which beneath the surface radically different both other centralised and decentralised exchanges. pocketbook makes use asset-relay contracts multichain trade supported. support not limited only ethereum forks, for example, btc relay can deployed. the design intention build relay contracts each supported chain create open, cross chain asset-relay contract standard. pocketbook tokens will limited supply and can only issued staking eltcoin and cannot traded. when pocketbook beta released, these tokens will grant hodlers early access, after released, pocketbook originally staked. tokens can burnt returning the eltcoin partnerships eltcoin has partnerships with leading cryptocurrency organisations who have significant holdings the currency which staked into their product offerings. hodl.vc builds, stakes and invests groundbreaking cryptocurrency blockchain ventures. the fund currently raising usd (soft cap) private placement invest groundbreaking crypto projects which including the apollo app and moon assets the rest the non-bitcoin-holding world will continue watch from the sidelines with mixture envy and regret moonassets moonassets.io moonlambos, moonyachts and moonislands are the first divisions moonassets apollo apollomission.io apollo mobile first cryptocurrency exchange. despite cryptocurrencies entering mainstream media and consumer usage, buying cryptocurrencies for the first time not easy. finding trustworthy exchange with transparent fees, understanding kyc process and poor customer service hampering industry that doesn't yet care. enter apollo, the mobile app where users can purchase cryptocurrency with apple pay having entered only their name and email address. apollo currently beta testing for full launch, offering crypto services bitcoin, ethereum and eltcoin exclusively launch. team victor talented and highly skilled engineer that coordinates engineering efforts within eltcoin ecosystem. enjoys facing new challenges designing innovative solutions and technologies, inventing and producing the world tomorrow with some aesthetic sensibility. -oli co-founded eltcoin lead architect. his vision for eltcoin; create free market. starting with limited supply currency, designed utilised ecosystem daos, staking ecosystem free from superfluous trusted centralised authorities. self-taught programmer and innovator. has passionate interests engineering, science, economics, philosophy, objectivism voluntaryism. -ivan ultimately responsible for the roadmap, managing external communications, and ensuring that eltcoin hits its development milestones time. serial entrepreneur, investor, and early crypto adopter. managing partner hodl.vc, which incubation fund and dao number crypto ventures has co-founded including apollo and moonassets. adrian responsible for looking after business operations partnerships eltcoin. enjoys building relations within teams, nurturing product pipeline and coordinating eltcoin community projects. has experience working startups and fintech across europe and china. -ollie advising eltcoin team and helped the eltwallet app. previously head engineering velocity, has been responsible for number successful product launches whilst building and scaling engineering teams spanning europe and north america. -dan graphic designer creative consultant with keen interest cryptocurrency. has previously worked finance specialising info-graphics and branding. he's also involved fintech startups. important links website: https://www.eltcoin.tech github: https://github.com/eltcoin twitter: https://twitter.com/officialeltcoin telegram: https://t.me/eltcoin telegram news: https://t.me/lunarnewsbyeltcoin reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/eltcoin apollo: https://www.apollomission.io moon assets: https://www.moonassets.io hodl.vc: https://www.hodl.vc legal disclaimer important notice please read this section and the following sections entitled "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "representations and warranties you", "cautionary note forward-looking statements", "market and industry information and consent other persons", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer securities registration" and "risks and uncertainties" carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s). eltcoin tokens jurisdiction. are this not intended whitepaper does constitute securities any not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice sell, any solicitation any offer the distributor/vendor the eltcoin tokens (the "distributor") purchase any eltcoin tokens nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. person bound relation enter the into sale any and contract purchase binding the legal eltcoin commitment tokens and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. any agreement between the distributor and you purchaser, and relation any sale and purchase, eltcoin tokens (as referred this whitepaper) governed only separate document setting out the terms and conditions (the "t&cs") such agreement. the event any inconsistencies between the t&cs and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. you are not eligible and you are not purchase any eltcoin tokens the eltcoin token sale (as referred this whitepaper) you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder the united states america citizen resident the republic singapore. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. there are risks and uncertainties associated with eltcoin and/or the distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the eltcoin tokens, the eltcoin token sale and the eltcoin wallet (each referred this whitepaper). this whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination this whitepaper prohibited restricted. part this whitepaper reproduced, distributed disseminated without including this section and the following sections entitled "disclaimer liability", "representations and "no warranties representations you", and warranties", "cautionary note forward-looking statements", "market and industry information and consent other persons", "terms used", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer securities registration" and "risks and uncertainties"