business, product and technical strategy paper for the future music application protocol for the future audio distribution and monetisation. latest updated feb written the emanate core team and advisory board reviewers: mark roddy, bryan frew, blake shaw, kevin brown contents disclaimer vision stage token distribution stage growth stage maturity two-way marketplace supply demand abstr act bac use cases risks/challenges emanate's blockchain solutions legal use audio choice blockchain scope governance formation phase growth phase maturity management methods what's the problem? music production and the blockchain objectives team positioning emanate (emt) tokens sale phases how define emanate? private seed blockchains pre-sale storage main sale meta-data the emanate platform sustainability fund payments distribution audio api endpoints token faqs use funds development two token economy technolo and development proof concept emanate dapps emanate live alpha musicians the core emanate beta suite partnerships daw plugins niche the beginning mobile app account giveaway partner integrations referral codes production release remix and production competitions future plans audiences live performance and public broadcast addressable market algorithmic audio attribution the base case mac and apps industry partnerships advertising and monetisation/revenue marketing concluding vision references (c) disclaimer important: this document will change through the course the emanate token sale and throughout the course the platform development. blockchain music pty ltd reserves the right change any information contained within this document any time, without warning further communication. the latest version should always available http://www.emanate.live. please check for the latest version before making any decisions that may impacted the information. this business, product and high-level white paper setting out the current and future developments the emanate platform and emanate ecosystem blockchain music pty ltd. this paper for information purposes only and not statement future intent. unless expressly specified otherwise, the products and innovations set out this paper are currently under development and are not currently deployment. blockchain music pty ltd makes warranties representations the successful development implementation such technologies and innovations, achievement any other activities noted the paper, and disclaims any warranties implied law otherwise, the extent permitted law. person entitled rely the contents this paper any inferences drawn from it, including relation any interactions with emanate the technologies mentioned this paper. blockchain music pty ltd disclaims all liability for any loss damage whatsoever kind (whether foreseeable not) which may arise from any person acting any information and opinions relating emanate, the emanate platform the emanate ecosystem contained this paper any information which made available connection with any further enquiries, notwithstanding any negligence, default lack care. emt tokens should not bought with the intention short-term speculative investment. they should bought because the buyer believes the emanate plans and better way for the music industry operate into the future. emt tokens not represent equity entitlement either the emanate platform blockchain music pty ltd. the information contained this publication derived from data obtained from sources believed blockchain music pty ltd reliable and given good faith, but warranties guarantees, representations are made with regard the accuracy, completeness suitability the information presented. should not relied upon, and shall not confer rights remedies upon, you any your employees, creditors, holders securities other equity holders any other person. any opinions expressed reflect the current judgment the authors this paper and not necessarily represent the opinion blockchain music pty ltd. the opinions reflected herein may change without notice. blockchain music pty ltd does not have obligation amend, modify update this paper otherwise notify reader recipient thereof the event that any matter stated herein, any opinion, projection, forecast estimate set forth herein, changes subsequently becomes inaccurate. blockchain music pty ltd, its directors, employees, contractors and representatives not have any responsibility liability any person recipient (whether reason negligence, negligent misstatement otherwise) arising from any statement, opinion information, expressed implied, arising out of, contained derived from omission from this paper. neither blockchain music pty ltd nor its advisors has independently verified any the information, including the forecasts, prospects and projections contained this paper. whilst every effort made ensure that statements facts made this paper are accurate, all estimates, projections, forecasts, prospects, expressions opinion and other subjective judgments contained this paper are based assumptions considered reasonable the date the document which they are contained and must not construed representation that the matters referred therein will occur. any plans, projections forecasts mentioned this paper may not achieved due multiple risk factors including without limitation defects technology developments, legal regulatory exposure, market volatility, sector volatility, corporate actions, the unavailability complete and accurate information. blockchain music pty ltd may provide hyperlinks websites entities mentioned this paper, however the inclusion link does not imply that blockchain music pty ltd endorses, recommends approves any material the linked page accessible from it. such linked websites are accessed entirely your own risk. blockchain music pty ltd does not accept responsibility whatsoever for any such material, nor for consequences its use. this paper not directed to, intended for distribution use by, any person entity who citizen resident located any state, country other jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability use would contrary law regulation. this paper only available emanate.live and may not redistributed, reproduced passed any other person published, part whole, for any purpose, without the prior, written consent blockchain music pty ltd. the manner distributing this paper may restricted law regulation certain countries. persons into whose possession this paper may come are required inform themselves about and observe such restrictions. accessing this paper, recipient hereof agrees bound the foregoing limitations. (c) vision drive global revolution music creation, monetisation and connection. the emanate audio exchange protocol decentralised technology network designed facilitate instant value exchange and agreements between musicians, listeners and other actors the music industry ways never before possible. mission broaden the middle class for musicians creating alternative music industry ecosystem. ethos share human connection and prosperity through music. (c) aw, roya our entire artistic world full works inspired and derived from others. without derivative works and collaboration, the artistic world would only fraction what today. the laws and restrictions this area are constantly evolving and emanate aims key contributor progressing workable standards that promote fairness and openness the blockchain enabled world. emanate will strive adhere standards and respect existing jurisdiction laws. this may mean restricting blocking some platform features users some geographies. emanates aims free artists from the restrictions that currently inhibit their creativity and market access, whilst fairly rewarding the rightful owners original and derivative music works. our team working with global experts evolve the technologies and processes that promote vibrant, open, fair and economically sustainable music industry for all participants and provide better experience for fans and listeners. (c) abstr act emanate audio exchange protocol designed enable producers, distributors and influencers the music industry ecosystem connect via blockchain based smart-contracts. the emanate (emt) token the cryptographic asset that will sold the early stages the emanate maturation journey. the tokens should bought those who wish claim position the emanate ecosystem because they believe decentralised future for the music industry. the internet were designed today would look more like distributed blockchain network than centralised server based system(). similarly the music industry today, the road monetising music can highly centralised. neither serves the contemporary century music technology needs the needs the audiences.() many problems exist for artists, remixers, djs and labels; the payment lag for creative works, the contractual complexities associated with collaborations, difficulty licensing small bits audio and the current music industry financial processes. these, and the legacy structures that exist impede progress and integration with today's technological advancements. with emanate, artists, djs and music influencers may find way share more output with each other and their fans, earning income proportionate their contribution, whilst increasing their influence and notoriety. emanate could help listeners and fans discover new music, connecting them artists previously unimaginable ways, enabling them contribute directly their favourite artist's success. recognise the music ecosystem consists more than just artists and listeners. behind the success many great tracks are samplers and audio pack makers; tastemakers and influencers; labels and promoters. believe it's critical that all contributors are rewarded fairly, whilst also providing incentives (c) abstr act for audiences and supporters. emanate will introduced the music industry, building dapps our own audio exchange protocol, three main phases which align our technology development, token economy maturation and legal environment: smart collaborations emanate smart collaborations will enable artists quickly exchange files, projects and simple contracts protect themselves their day-to-day collaboration workflow. our commercial release smart-collaborations with seamlessly integrated with various aspects the emanate platform and this forms the fundamental basis the audio exchange protocol. earlier stages, the dapp will resemble file sharing service with the added protection blockchain-back smart-collaboration. stage one emanate will also launch basic streaming function order give artists home for their music. collaborative music marketplace the second dapp built the team, music streaming and collaboration marketplace. this will open new revenue generation streams for artists and will contribute heavily the token distribution phase token economy. artists will exchange their work open and decentralised market for tracks, stems, vocals, remixes and mixes. full audio exchange protocol two-way audio access and monetisation protocol for artist-listener playback, party integrations and data writing and reading. the first full release the audio exchange protocol will see the technology become available for developers integrate audio into their projects and could see many new dapps built into the ecosystem. emanate puts artists first and focused building future-proof blockchainera platform for musicians. believe improving the creation process enabling effective sharing and collaboration the key truly transforming the sounds tomorrow. more effective music creation produces better music, which ultimately delivers better experience for listeners. collaboration, sharing, remixing, posting and playlisting encouraged and rewarded with tokens. the threat fine for music piracy has not worked (). the solution monetary reward for the behaviour that adds value the system. (c) bac emanate concept that was conceived its founders many years ago. imagined real-time audio marketplace where trending songs and remixes that have just been released automatically appeared the playlists top djs real-time the audiences reacted the emotion purveyed the producers. believed that music influencers should able monetise their playlists and blogs, and those who contribute the community should pay less for their music than passive listeners. the emanate team members have decades experience their respective fields, and the concept described above resurfaced with the proliferation blockchain technology and cryptocurrency. quickly realised that the industry needed not just application, but full ecosystem that could one day serve alternative music industry, built decentralised network. began writing, designing, networking and honing the ideas that have gone into creating emanate. while several blockchain music projects had experimented with cryptographic payment for music, ultimate proof concept had yet been developed. december leading blockchain music app steemit had more than artists and over visits per month paying more than usd artists per month. these numbers are not huge the scale the industry, but they are enough prove the potential the space. other platforms address monetisation for independent musicians and hobbyists, however the innovative features the emanate platform will extend this much further and bring the professional music industry. coupled with structured marketing and advertising plan, influential industry connections and robust commercial grade product roadmap, emanate should take blockchain music the next level. (c) bac at' legal, publishing and payment systems within the music industry only function well for the artists and businesses the very top, leaving the majority artists and businesses unsustainable situations. the core music industry processes have not evolved much from time when creating professional music was highly specialised, resource intensive, expensive, slow and therefore only available the well-financed and industry elite and accessed via restrictive long-standing recording deals. centralised legacy structures, traditional contractual workflows, legals and revenue collection mechanisms have not adapted the digital age. the industry's inability adapt led widespread piracy that threatened the sector's viability the early which did not serve anyone. listeners were disadvantage through poor quality content, lack choice and access ultimately dysfunctional industry where the artists suffered most. the effect digital disruption has seen massive sector consolidation and the creation behemoth structures that achieve marginal profitability through the production formulaic music, broadcast the public via collection small selection mainstream delivery channels. the music industry's biggest innovation the last years has been the emergence digital streaming services. despite the billions dollars invested and massive audience adoption, these companies are all haemorrhaging resources, and losses accelerate with user uptake. whilst the streaming services have turned the tide industry revenue decline, there remains far greater fundamental problem. (c) bac incremental adoption new, decentralised music technology, processes and economy order for the industry truly flourish, artistry must put back the centre and artists must rewarded for their creativity, and the friction and contractual complexity rights management and payment must automated for the benefit all participants. artists should paid first for use their works, the friction and cost get music listeners must removed, transparent and accurate usage information made available all parties, and finally payment the contracted terms must immediate. when listener enjoys song, that exchange value, which must represented the exchange another value carrying asset. while spotify and other this well, they are only fixing small part the bigger problem. the concepts behind emanate were born from the realisation the power blockchain technology enable effective collaboration between artists, and what cryptocurrency can for micropayments between listeners and artists. started work designing set collaboration and monetisation tools that would enable hotbed collaboration and rapid monetisation directly with listeners. very quickly realised this only worked direct artist-to-listener relationship that requires complete industry disruption. believe this neither realistic nor desirable most industry participants and stakeholders play important and valuable role. our vision has crystallised; want build technology platform that enables the music industry, puts artists and listeners the centre, embraces and recognises all players that add value along the journey. wish move towards decentralised autonomous community (dac) that can succeed various scales via adoption industry participants who believe there better way. the old world can still exist, however emanate will spawn faster, more agile and efficient music industry that embraces creativity, accelerating growth. this framework will tear down barriers entry, broaden the musical middle-class and flatten the earning bell curve between amateur musicians and global superstars. (c) introduction well documented that blockchain and cryptocurrency technologies are set revolutionise the music industry (). there are some innovative projects underway, however emanate unique that it: the only blockchain project revolutionising the core workflow music production and collaboration, and improving distribution and listenability the process. has potential form integral part the new blockchain-enabled music ecosystem. can connect every music producer the world, enabling them collaborate instantly and effortlessly. smart-collaborations will mean their work can published with fair and agreed royalty share, instantly monetised audience avid listeners. emanate designed power world where artists are free create, collaborate and share without the confines and pressure formal contracts, publishing and distribution. emanate will make every attempt work with existing music projects improve the current constructs the music industry, providing new backbone and starting revolution change things for the better, forever. (c) introduction at' production? many projects have proposed blockchain recognise artists' ownership rights over sounds tied smart-contracts. the world emanate, you will discover new way working, coined 'smart-collaborations' that enable artists work together from anywhere the world, and publish their work for fair and instant monetisation. the emanate (emt) cryptocurrency payment system provides the means for instant payment, and the incentive keep newly created music the platform. since existing platforms, such soundcloud(tm), have little monetisation opportunity, there less desire for uploaders adhere piracy and copyright guidelines and policies. sounds that are stolen will not supported for monetisation emanate and those who attempt risk their reputation and ultimately losing their emanate account. previous attempts the music industry clamp down piracy have only forced illegal music sharing into new parts the internet. (c) introduction objectives the overall objective emanate revolutionise music collaboration globally and create middle-class for musicians. emanate doesn't aim take down the music industry, aims enable and improve every part it. (). all participants the industry have role, from the listeners, the bedroom producers, djs, remixers, the labels, promoters, and clubs. and now more than ever, software developers the technology world need able new things with audio that not always fit within the legacy processes yesterday's industry. emanate aims provide better mechanism for artists make new music and form fundamental agreements about ownership, which make easier for human and non-human users consume audio. team blockchain music pty ltd has assembled start-up cast for emanate with deep and diverse skills the areas blockchain development, cryptocurrency economics, marketing, music industry business, music production and performance, software production and technology innovation. our core team founders have years software development experience, years music production experience and years business management experience. find out more about the team, follow the links from our website. (c) product/ busine positioning emanate's audio exchange protocol not something that otherwise exists, and has direct competition. think the audio-layer the internet. the one place where piece audio can placed for use any platform and payment for every play. while this hard visualise, our dapps have more tangible characteristics. the emanate live collaboration and streaming platform complementary component the music industry stands today. had compared existing players, is: like soundcloud, but with micropayment monetisation similar steemit like splice but more open and with the power crypto/blockchain enabling micro transactions and song-creation data layer think soundcloud splice, the blockchain (c) product/ busine feature soundcloud spotify artists'-first approach monetisation producer tools crowd-sourced audio artist collaborations splice blend.io emanate live blockchain contracts cryptocurrency micropayments monetised playlists for music producers, emanate live positioned the go-to platform for musical inspiration and collaboration. it's new backbone for the production workflow. for fans and listeners, emanate live positioned the very best place hear the latest new sounds, discover the biggest new tracks first, and earn cryptocurrency exchange for musical influence and following. why should passive listeners pay the same for their premium subscriptions those who actively contribute the community via playlists and shares? emanate addresses this issue. (c) product/ busine the emanate (emt) token economy has been one the primary focuses developing the emanate ecosystem. the emanate (emt) token central the utility and ongoing governance the platform. emanate have and continue work closely with actuaries and lawyers design our token economy beneficial token holders all stages. the purchase emanate (emt) tokens considered made intention participate the future emanate ecosystem. the tokens and token-economics are designed also make emanate (emt) tokens useful the owner, giving token holders access platform features, and requiring the use emanate (emt) for certain types transactions. emanate (emt) may required for the following functions: artists publish music for monetisation for listeners consume audio network node holders will likely required power the network; they will need stake emanate (emt) tokens and may also receive tokens payment return for the node operation services. the aim the emanate (emt) token not only utilise the services within the network but incentive mechanism the broader community provide services the emanate ecosystem and ultimately creating more valuable and beneficial platform for all. this could take the form rewards paid return for the service running emanate network node rewards paid for other emanate ecosystem services. sale phases token sale distribution will completed three phases: private strategic round million emt) public crowd sale million emt) vat open sophisticated institutional buyers and music industry business partners only. enquire directly through industry contacts. (c) product/ busine from emanate (emt) tokens can acquired via capped presale various different rates and lockup periods. these rates and lockups represent the amount tokens that would required perform different roles the emanate network. with hard cap million tokens the sale phase, the first chance for the public buy emanate tokens and designed let artists, institutions, music lovers and early adopters secure emanate (emt) holding early possible. all tokens may locked after the end the crowdsale period until the tokens are listed. they will unlocked before major exchange listing unless another vesting agreement place with individual holder. emanate reserves the right delay this unlocking period due the constantly changing exchange landscape. token minting will completed and tokens will unlocked soon possible after the crowdsale but time deemed suitable the team. the total hard-cap for token-sales has been reduced from approximately million usd million usd. the emanate team have placed soft-cap million usd. this soft-cap not met, the project will continue but unsold tokens will fall into emanate platform sustainability fund which explained further below. additionally, the roadmap will revised reflect the smaller amount resources. should noted that any this detail open change, the emanate team working significant partnerships that could increase the scope the project and lead massive initial user-base. the team reserves the right raise the price the emanate (emt) token the main sale before the main sale commencement. these additional funds will allocated towards making the partner platform, crypto-ready for integration with the emanate ecosystem. (c) product/ busine sta the sustainability fund pool unsold assets that set aside for future funding and platform development opportunities. the sustainability fund has the following properties: all unsold tokensale pools will sent the fund. the sustainability fund tokens will locked for months, meaning they will not counted the circulating supply. after months the pool will unlock every months and made available below: these funds can used the following ways: tokens can bought large industry investors and partners, agreed the dac and with forced vesting period the community can pass proposals and vote for fund expenditure platform features other expenditure. party developers may apply for token allocation help fund community projects. charitable music organisations may also apply. all proposals for the use funds from the sustainability fund will passed via the emanate dac. (c) product/ busine distribution seed team and advisors vat product development pool crowd sale accounts /airdrops allocation amount unused funds to: seed sold out private round public sales public sales platform sustainability pool airdrops/accounts community pool platform community pool n/a development pool n/a team and advisors n/a total seed and private tokens sold various prices according what each partner contributes the project and other terms the investment. team, advisor and partner tokens are vested over month schedule with unlocking every month block after ico until reached. accounts/airdrops may completed during the tokensale and future, attract new users the platform. (c) product/ busine use funds marketing overheads events and legals two token economy emanate are researching the legal and technical viability two-token economic model solve liquidity and volatility issues that currently exist many cryptocurrency ecosystems. this hypothetical scenario, the two tokens are emanate (emt), used stake place the ecosystem, and 'mnx', stable token designed for platform liquidity and stability only. 'mnx' would allow artists interact and listeners stream music the emanate platform. every time plays occur, 'mnx' would distributed accordingly. artists, record labels, remixers could sell 'mnx' internally into selection other tokens including emanate (emt) itself. this scenario, emanate (emt) would token staked provide services the emanate ecosystem. emanate (emt) stakers could benefit earning mnx from network fee built into every smart contract but only they provide (c) product/ busine services the network. protect mnx from market volatility, would purely internal. meaning user would hold their private key and the tokens will never listed. separating the staking coin and liquid mnx tokens, believe have solved fundamental flaw other crypto economies volatility. this allows artist freely create whilst also ensuring better user experience for the passive listener. the details this hypothetical two token economy and mintand-burn control mechanism will detailed the emanate medium page and will point ongoing discussion and exploration. emanate (emt) tokens should not purchased with any expectation that this two-token model could adopted this dependent regulation. (c) marketing emanate the position where music both the product and medium, and that offers exciting promotion and marketing communication opportunities. full marketing plan being developed and will released after the crowdsale. the strategies below outline some the key marketing concepts the emanate team has conceived support successful entry: emanate designed for artists, djs and music influencers. building effective collaboration environment effortlessly create and share new music, are organically creating compelling destination that offers listeners the latest and greatest new music. number major partnerships are negotiation, these partnerships could lead immediate audience acquisition the hundreds thousands and revenue stream much earlier than would otherwise possible. (c) marketing niche the beginning music immensely powerful force, however music 'thing' difficult market effectively without multi-million dollar branding campaigns, due the vast differences between the tastes and demographics the listeners across various genres. emanate have chosen initially target the electronic, hip hop and computer-made music segments, they are the most culturally and technologically ready early adopters. over the past two decades this form music has integrated into pop and spread across the globe, starting the european underground scene, spreading australia, dominating the united states music scene and now proliferating throughout asia. the merging electronic and hip-hop genres has moved computer-based music production into the listener, amateur and professional musician mainstream. addition the marketability more refined genres, the dynamic between producers, vocalists, remixers and djs ideal-use case prove the emanate concept and the platform design and construction. fully intend create something for all musicians and genres, electronica and hip hop simply where plan start. away when the emanate platform ready for beta launch, and hosts hundreds thousands unique tracks, emanate intends give away million free trial accounts that will pre-loaded with token balance. this could propel emanate from early adoption mass awareness matter months. are considering the inclusion eos token holders into this drop. referral codes early adopters will given referral codes for inviting friends the platform and rewards exchange for new sign-ups that lead active use. remix and production compe titions attract more artists the platform, regular production prize based competition events (like hackathons) will hosted emanate partnership with prominent artists and industry sponsors. (c) marketing audiences emanate designed for generation the billion humans who have been tasked with changing the world for the better. they grew connected via the internet, with ethos and belief the power 'we' over 'me'.() addressable market emanate are initially targeting the largest, most technologically and culturally ready market segments for the evolution the music industry. will grow and mature together, and through this generation emanate will the vehicle transform the way music created, spawning new models and markets, creating entrepreneurs and for the first time ever, building sustainable music middle class. emanate have focused the power multiplier propensity for adoption and use with offering aimed squarely the largest global population group. generation represent the population but media audiences() and are powerful force technology adoption forge social change, particularly areas where their passions lie, and like earlier generations, music clear passion for this group. finally and critically this bubble generation are just now moving into their productive earning years, poverty levels are decreasing, along with their access the technologies necessary listen, create and share music. generation are diy and more community oriented than their predecessors and are quick adapt technology their purposes and benefit. the emanate capability perfectly positioned, where timing meets opportunity, generational readiness meets technology whose time has come, area common passion. the base case let's assume very conservatively the target segment has access the technology required use emanate, then assume half those are music lovers and half again see themselves influencers. geography global asia, pacific, europe, americas people who pay stream music million music influencers million independent artists million emanate aims acquire the audiences above and our capacity this will validated with the launch our mvp this year. (c) marketing emanate has inclusive vision and plan transform the music industry for the benefit all participants and stakeholders addressing the fundamental and structural inefficiencies that inhibit growth and innovation. emanate has successfully built partnerships with the following: music network connection app vampr.me users) prominent independent electronic labels grammy-nominated and chart-topping artists blockchain advisory services start-up strategy and incubation companies crypto/fiat otc providers tokensale payment gateway and kyc service blockchain recruitment services cryptocurrency wallet providers and on-ramp are close discussion with: global metadata projects multi-million dollar audio software seller other crypto projects cryptocurrency exchanges will continue develop opportunities with: online mastering services sample pack providers digital audio workstations hardware and software leaders existing streaming leaders (c) marketing emanate assembling team artists, advisors and ambassadors who collectively have over million social media and music account followers. intend rapidly increase this reach over million through additional ambassador outreach. our ambassador team will work closely with emanate assist develop and showcase our capabilities. our referral marketing program for early-birds will help on-board million users who will receive complimentary token allocation start their journey. the platform will launch with remix and production competitions from high profile artists. the emanate marketing team will produce video content showing the end-toend track creation process using our platform, and will also showcase live demonstrations before the beta platform release. allocation the crowdsale funding will towards traditional public relations, digital advertising, search engine optimization/search engine marketing, events and related activities. the emanate revenue model and token economy has three main stages. combining traditional business models and crypto-economics highly complex and such the information below open change: smart collaborations -emanate live -emanate aep stag included the token distribution stage the tokensale itself, any token airdrops and the early stages the platform development during which artists will rewarded via mnx that can swapped for emanate (emt).payments (c) marketing for plays, collaborations and even profile creation. this designed way reward early adopters without requiring credit card subscriptions paid developing platform. stag during the growth stage, artists will continue rewarded with mnx payments from the platform pool, and distributed according activity and emanate (emt) holdings. stag maturity expected that the platform will reach critical mass users and the ecosystem will able support fair payments without the need the supplementary platform pool payments. the revenue model for emanate derived from the following features: multi-tier subscription based accounts for all users transaction fees (resulting margin certain transactions) broadcast licences and commercial partnerships way resolve the problem creating supply and demand two-way marketplace, number tactics are being employed, starting with the supply side: (c) marketing production tools through partnerships with sample and loop makers, emanate will populated with ready-to-use sounds for music producers. stems and samples artists will encouraged upload stems, loops and samples from their backcatalogues, and monetise the scraps incomplete work that may have never earned any revenue. back-catalogue all artists approved for official emanate status will invited upload their back catalogue free charge. influence partnering with prominent musicians, believe up-and-comers and amateur producers will follow. demand partnerships with music software companies encouraging artists work the platform will drive organic growth. emanate provides valuable and compelling new revenue stream for artists/creators and rights owners that will difficult ignore. the rate which emanate (emt) earned, scales with the size the community and the value the currency. the listener base grows, artists will earn emanate (emt) lower rate from our platform fund pool. with artists all genres and skills drawn the platform, emanate could become the best place find new music. (c) marketing emt use cases million listener accounts will seeded when the first production version the platform released. each account will receive free balance emanate (emt) platform tokens. use se: music producer i'm music producer working with number artists and vocalists, and need send and receive lot files and often the royalties and naming rights contractual discussion continues work. chose send all files via the aep protocol, with simple smart-contracts attached that the recipient knows what they are agreeing too using work and the transaction recorded the blockchain. stat run electronic music radio station korea. use emanate find new artists and when find someone promising survey audience facebook see they like it. facebook uses the emanate aep stream music when ready debut air. also connect airplay cue the aep. the api can see i'm broadcaster and the rate charge increases due need for public broadcasting license for the material. use emanate publish all works. because have profile page and independent record label emanate, works are automatically stored via the generic aep configuration. this means can publish work spotify(tm), itunes(tm), soundcloud(tm) and other in-venue broadcasters*. can even get radio play! this way get paid soon music played without waiting months for royalties. please note that the above platform integrations not exist yet and are not yet negotiation (c) marketing use se: archived work run government-funded indigenous language archive, with critical storage responsibility for over years historical language audio recordings. choose publish the recordings via the emanate aep protocol stored the distributed ipfs file server network. this removes single point failure and makes all the works available provided the end agent has been approved access these works and has the appropriate credentials. use case: music experience run virtual reality nightclub called 'destination x'. club have resident djs and special events. all audio recordings from the live sets are stored the emanate aep they can further monetised the outside world. use case: app developer building fitness app that syncs music the users' heart rate and mood. working with the emanate protocol ensure have constant supply new music, categorised with the meta-data need for application function. application server has emanate account which pays the originator audio consumed users. (c) marketing risks/challenges legal use audio emanate focused initially new music, with existing license agreements. the uploader will accept that the audio they are sharing fulfils this requirement and accepts responsibility for the outcomes. piracy deterred with strict governance and enforced with zero-tolerance. over the past decade, most attempts music licensing protection have failed resulted overly restricted playback environments due little incentive for users abide the guidelines provided. emanate flips this problem its head rewarding users who play the emanate rules. the last years, revenue from music sales (and streaming) has started head the right direction, thanks platforms like spotify (). emanate aims follow this model but provide even greater reward for music influencers and artists. users must ultimately accept they are the legal owners piece audio before uploading, and this will policed through various policies: all files checked upload stage audio analysis matches, and are flagged when similar title applied. community flagging enables users self-police unfair content users proven sharing pirated materials will have their account suspended browser fingerprinting uniquely identifies most users sounds stripped from the platform and shared other channels can traced back user behaviour. unusual traffic user behaviour tracked and investigated emanate accounts with balances over usd will asked verify their identity. emanate aims abide the international regulations for intellectual property management and enforce the extent its capabilities given the decentralized nature the emanate platform and the future the distributed web. the developmental stages, there some risk exists audio being downloaded from emanate and uploaded other platforms exists, however this will made clear artists. maturity, emanate will prevent this behaviour via encoding technology, access permission, watermarking and decentralisation files. (c) marketing the emanate team recognised degree risk associated with choosing eos main net platform. spent lot time researching dan larimer's technology views and choices that have gone into eos, and believe the best bet for this project. other blockchains have the speed potential and fee-less design that eos does. risk has been reduced through the development blockchain connector, type middleware that will allow emanate move relatively easily between blockchains should more suitable solution than eos arrive. scope emanate project that large scope. this being addressed through partnerships and community development. emanate has closed, close confirming partnerships for the following: meta-data structure and handling social connection and sharing (vampr.me) audio recognition additionally, the eos community will provide many components that can used, such as: wallet frameworks email based account handling assist creating rich ecosystem, emanate will make various apis and source code available music-tech developers that new applications can built parties. the emanate team will assist the briefing and funding these the community. governance emanate wished create new music ecosystem that better than the current one, more than just the technology that needs decentralised. blockchain music pty ltd has committed launch decentralised autonomous community (dac) governance system for the emanate platform that will give voice the community and the partners. eventually, see emanate being governed dac which the founders the project are but few voices within sea many. this now made part our roadmap. (c) marketing during phase the dac will launched with voting power over platform governance. this means that proposals and votes can taken from the community but due the immaturity the platform, blockchain music will retain final decision-making power. key partners will have some voting power and the community votes will taken from the top token holders working closely with eosdac. grow pha during the growth phase, the founders' share voice will diminish and some proposals will passed purely community vote. this will treated experimental, and monitored closely blockchain music. maturity, the voice held blockchain music will drop back equal weighting with the community and other industry partners. foresee seats being taken representatives from all parts the music industry including labels, managers, songwriters and publishers. management methods party tool will likely used, bespoke eos-based alternative. the following issues are example what the community will vote on: new partnerships large expenditures platform features costs and fees exchange listing proposals and timings the dac will discussed depth our medium page and social channels. (c) technolo and development the audio exchange protocol designed enable artists across the globe collaborate without knowing each other, integrate seamlessly with party platforms without cumbersome contracts and negotiations and get paid quickly and accurately. emanate cannot defined strictly dapp. eos allows developers take copy parts the software and access its subsystems build their own networked applications which run parallel with the mainnet. with this mind, position emanate audio exchange protocol set decentralised technologies, rules and apis that together form ecosystem for the music industry. the emanate team currently working with eos test node and discover more about the platform, are documenting progress and building our architecture and technical specification. this paper currently light technical details, due the unknowns that are currently place. would irresponsible the development team document plans and processes that may not correct. our github will kept up-to-date with any non-sensitive commitments, and order for the community follow progress, will deploy features sprint-by-sprint our sandbox environment. let's discover more about what being built and how will delivered the next page: (c) technolo and development roto technical components the emanate platform employs select technologies make the initial system possible and form the basis for innovation necessary fulfil its final vision and purpose. overview the proposed technology structure follows: emanate apps emanate (web, mobile, desktop) nodes third party apps emt audio exchange protocol blockchain connector blockchain (api/sdk) aes encryption ipfs (c) technolo and development the audio exchange protocol could music what http web content. the same way digital advertisements are served publishers through platforms such google doubleclick sizmek, see music could served via emanate listener touchpoints like spotify, radio broadcast, bars and nightclubs. eos will provide basis, framework and platform for many the emanate components below: music-focused blockchain backbone ledger that stores the data connected piece audio including: who created it? who collaborated? was derived from any known source? distributed storage audio files, categorised way interact with the ledger and smart-collaborations, accessible via protocol for developers party applications smart-collaboration framework which references simple agreements between users and between applications two-way payment system including customisation wallet framework api endpoints for each audio entity two-way usage data between agents and audio entities network nodes ultimately, emanate will provide the apis for standardised interaction, collaboration, consumption and payment for audio between actors the ecosystem. top this set components, number dapps must exist, and opportunity for many more community developed dapps may arise. usage the network requires emanate tokens for transacting, with fee structure that makes usage affordable for amateurs, yet scalable the volumes commercial applications demand. (c) technolo and development emanate favours pos/dpos over pow blockchains due the fact that large mining farms use more energy maintain. while transforming the music industry our primary goal, not wish with significant environmental impact. have settled eos() the best platform commence building our production grade platform. eos covers decentralised storage, ultra fast processing, transaction fees, and smart contracts dpos consensus model. have chosen take small risk aligning ourselves with the eos roadmap for several reasons. emanate will monitor the progress eos and other blockchains and will build component-based software that can easily plug into other architecture. for now, see eos being successful for the following reasons: design for ultra-high throughput from the beginning fee-less transactions multipurpose programmable nodes distributed file storage proven graphene blockchain framework proven dpos consensus model highly proven technical direction development community funding finally, dapps built eos can layer the eos blockchain referencing the mainnet for certain functionalities, meaning that applications are not likely clog the consensus queue was seen with cryptokitties. the emanate founding team have been working hard connect with global eos community, make use the various open source components and tooling and gain support from bps. we've successfully connected with block. one and have been recognised for our use the eosio software. our team recognise that the long-term success eos not down larimer block.one but the community. our team has been liaising with block producers and staying close the developments within the community, and have great belief the community's ability launch and sustain mainnet, and continue the roadmap. stor age emanate makes use interplanetary file system (ipfs)() technology for storing all the content decentralized way, making more accessible. other (c) technolo and development technologies, such eos storage, may suitable for long term storage and archiving. ipfs peer-to-peer distributed file system that connects all computing devices with common file system. some ways, ipfs similar the web, but can seen single bittorrent swarm, exchanging objects within single git repository. other words, ipfs provides high throughput contentaddressed block storage model, with content-addressed hyperlinks. this forms generalized merkle dag (,), data structure upon which, versioned file systems, blockchains, and even permanent web can built. ipfs combines distributed hash table, incentivized block exchange, and self-certifying namespace. ipfs has single point failure, and nodes not need trust each other. all the non-free content should encrypted ipfs, using the advanced encryption standard (aes) algorithm with both user keys and platform keys, way that the track will only accessible through the emanate api/ sdk after end-user validation access rights and required royalties and/or licensing accounted for, all which are enforced smart-contracts the blockchain. ta- data global standard for audio meta-data exists yet, although some templates are emerging such ddex which being explored emanate. additionally, are seeking partnerships (three currently under consideration and more explored) which will mean can contribute global meta-data standardization movement without having make core focus our development team. pay the emanate ecosystem designed carry value and data between participants. this token economy made stronger allowing music industry partners into the ecosystem. foresee emanate tokens being used purchase mechanism for other music industry services and two genuine partnerships are currently negotiation. these partners, and other partners like them, may choose accept emanate tokens payment mechanism. audio api endp oints mentioned through this document, intended that each piece audio emanate will accessible via api endpoint for use any other application. course the entity accessing the audio will itself need user profile and token balance that payments can flow back owners the audio. (c) development the table below outlines which emanate features are planned for development each stage. development stages features poc demo alpha beta future web-based streaming payments for 'likes' and reposts payments for plays demo tokens smart-collaborations smart-phone native pwa mac and studio apps daw plugins test audio attribution test emanate network nodes test api/sdk test (c) development smart-collaborations tool 'smart-collaboration' term coined emanate team, and currently unique proposition blockchain, cryptocurrency and indeed the music world. each time two artists share some audio, agreement executed the blockchain. this the backbone the emanate ecosystem for royalty calculations and artist payments. smart-collaborations enable emanate work with the music industry and artists access wealth samples, sounds and vocals then publish music immediately without further contracts negotiations. the smart-contract based collaborations workflow frees up-and-coming artists, musicians and producers from the burden legalities and contracts that often discourage collaboration. all contributors final sound receive their contracted share from all royalties licensing revenues the sound generates, without any trusted party the middle. this technology alone will revolutionise the way musicians collaborate. the publisher sets part their work and conditions use, the next collaborator accepts and adheres those contract parameters, adding their own when publishing their derivative the collaboration. this technically complex process seamlessly integrated and hidden workflow, helping ensure all are compensated for their work according the accepted contract conditions. below, you can see how the smart-collaborations will form fundamental part how emanate (emt) payments are distributed artists: emanate has built initial smart-collaboration tool which will tested within partnership with large audience, allowing artists share projects with each other within the protection smart-collaboration, referencing basic agreement terms. this will give real customers access the world's first usable blockchain-based smart-collaborations for the music industry. the alpha release will web-based platform where artists connect and work together via smart-collaborations and monetise their music via listener playback based micropayments. for listeners, emanate alpha will provide access wealth new sounds and closer connection the artists. the alpha phase will contain the emanate smart-collaboration layer, artists download wav files order create new music projects, and upload emanate via smart-collaboration 'project package' that includes the means for tagging contributors. during the alpha 'distribution phase', listeners will participate and artists can upload sounds, earning tokens for their work. (c) development the web app being developed using the latest javascript frameworks eos with ipfs experimentation, enabling enabling decentralization. this alpha platform will utilise some centralised services aws order prioritse user experience and performance over idealistic decentralisation. our clear goal, however, eventually run competely decentralised emanate network. emanate beta introduces daw integration via tools such ableton plugins. this stage file downloads may removed leaving all audio workflows between the ipfs layer, user-cache and the daw. this represents major barrier the use stolen and illegally used content. beta stage, listener accounts need token balance play music, which turn rewards the artists. the beta release the audio exchange marketplace will make improvements the alpha release, introducing features that are key our overall artists collaborate via the smart-collaborations workflow audio uploaded emanate for playback emanate (emt) paid out the artists for their contribution development, but also taking feature requests from the community based their user experience. beta the following tools will briefed our development team, with bounties for community participation, support the ecosystem overall. (c) development daw vst digital audio workstation plugins and integrations would bring emanate sounds and collaborations directly into the workflow, removing user initiated file downloads completely. the journey from sound recording full track release would exist entirely the cloud, with user ownership protected the blockchain. these integration plugins and tools would make possible for the emanate platform simplify the music production workflow while ensuring all parties involved get the agreed revenue stake the final creation. (c) development mobile app mobile app would allow fans listen the move, build playlists, share tracks and cache files. artists would able access stems, samples and musical parts start compiling ideas into project packages. emanate will look into ios and android native apps and/or progressive web apps support this functionality. beta stage our key partners would scheduled have emanate token fully integrated into their systems that artists can not only earn income within the network, but also use purchase services and content that could further artist's career and help finesse their craft. technically speaking, these partners become part economic network, and the pieces are planned place for music industry partners join. production rele emanate live will the first official production release emanate, currently road mapped begin this introduces the emanate audio attribution layer, network nodes and algorithms that prevent piracy and reward artist's unique music production via the emanate platform. while seems way off, must considered that this commercial grade software release, usable for any musician even they have zero knowledge blockchain cryptocurrency. support the emanate ecosystem, the network will need nodes for both ipfs style distributed storage and for the emanate ledger. these nodes will likely require staking and will likely pay rewards exchange for services. (c) development future plans live performance and public broad future, public broadcasters could able sign for special broadcast emanate license, ongoing for licensed venues, cafe and shops and once-off broadcast licensing for event hosts. the live performance layer emanate could bring the ecosystem the mainstage. artists would connect dedicated emanate channel via their performance software when performing audiences. this connection means producers would able see when and where their tracks have been played and whom, and premium payment would made for the audience broadcast. the future, this may lead audience participation opportunities, monetisation broadcasted live sets and live audience favourites from inside the mobile app. emanate has priority access globally patented audio recognition and analysis algorithm. this would ensure only high quality audio makes the platform. emanate plans employ number algorithms assure security, recognition unique material and creation derivative works. combat plagiarism, emanate will include source separation uploaded audio content decipher possible sub-ownership audio, recognition previously published melodies, timbres and beats. ideally, any prior art recognised. submitting artist infringes copyright, algorithm would inform existing artist. these algorithms are achieved through strategic partnerships and license deals. working closely with matt brown (audio engineering advisor), emanate will look include the use his globally patented work and other algorithms derived from its patented ideas. mac and apps native studio applications would allow artists streamline music production workflows, combining files store locally with cloud-based emanate samples. production release, our roadmap will see each emanate studio application operating optionally network node. producers running this would earn emanate tokens payment for their services the network. native desktop apps take music production the next level providing synchronisation emanate audio files with users' preferred digital audio workstation (daw). this makes the experience using their local sample library one from other side the planet, their favourite producer and shared minutes ago with their followers, feel the same. these apps make simple browse, listen, shortlist, find, and sync with their daw, and keep track all relevant metadata until the time publishing the final product and share the revenue with all parties involved arrives. (c) concluding vision cryptocurrency and blockchain technologies are paving the way for new ideas that challenge everything know about our industries. whilst elements blockchain technology are still maturing, innovation must start now. the music industry ripe for transformation, whilst there clear opportunity for artists connect directly with fans, there also industry work which every component plays part. emanate aims evolve the existing industry ecosystem. envisage emanate the ubiquitous platform every artist uses daily collaborate, share and sell their work. plan evolve this ecosystem into decentralised autonomous community (dac) that sits inside the old-world music industry better way run music business. this will form community with clear governance, structure and most importantly; streamlined operations with artistry the core. our decision build fee-less, scalable, multi-faceted blockchain like eos will see build platform that practical every sense. truly believe emanate may one the first real killer dapps. have grand end-vision with well-considered and equally achievable starting point. music lover, artist, crypto enthusiast developer, think you are going love everything about emanate. (c) references blockchain offers hope for the broken internet, http://fortune.com////blockchain-offershope-for-the-broken-internet/ how many djs are there the world?, https:// serato.com/forum/discussion/ music the blockchain, http://eprints. mdx.ac.uk///music%on%the% blockchain%..pdf should you target supply demand two-sided market?,https://startupsventurecapital.com/shouldyou-target-supply-or-demand-in-a-two-sidedmarket-ebbebd analysis how companies should prepare recruit and manage generation http:// digitalcommons.bryant.edu/cgi/viewcontent. cgi?article=&context=honors_management how streaming saved the music: global industry revenues hit psbn, https://www.theguardian.com/ business//apr//-marks-tipping-point-formusic-industry-with-revenues-of-bn overview blockchain the engine the industrial revolution, https://business.mrjournals. org/index.php/business/article/view/ could eos the google the blockchain?, https:// www.lendacademy.com/eos-google-of-blockchain/ emanate team experience, sean gardner, https:// www.linkedin.com/in/seanrobertgardner/ ipfs content addressed, versioned, file system: https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs/blob/master/papers/ ipfs-cappfs/ipfs-pp-file-system.pdf?raw=true emanate team experience, ignatius widjaja merkle tree: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/merkle_tree emanate team experience, trent shaw https://www. linkedin.com/in/trent-shaw-/ directed acyclic graph: https://en.wikipedia.org/ wiki/directed_acyclic_graph emanate team experience, jimi frew, https://www. linkedin.com/in/jimifrew/ advanced encryption standard: https://en.wikipedia. org/wiki/advanced_encryption_standard emanate team experience, blake cannell, https:// www.linkedin.com/in/blakecannell/ eos: https://eos.io muse blockchain: http://museblockchain.com/ blockchain could help musicians make money again, https://hbr.org///blockchain-could-helpmusicians-make-money-again http://www.nielsen.com/us/en/insights/ reports//the-nielsen-total-audiencereport-q-.html digital copyright protection, http://theconversation. com/digital-copyright-protection-some-success-butmostly-failure- https://multicoin.capital////new-modelsutility-tokens/ https://marketingland.com/move-millennialsgen-z-now-largest-single-populationsegment- visual map the music sector ecosystem, https:// www.boardofinnovation.com/blog////avisual-map-of-the-music-sector-ecosystemversion-/ (c)