superior distributed decentralized ledger blockchain technology abstract about eight years ago, pseudonymous cryptographer designed with lot new features. emaratcoin aims known satoshi nakamoto introduced bitcoin digital solve money issues using blockchain technology analog gold: limited supply, but secured modern create new kind cryptocurrency, where each coin cryptography, and made for the internet age. following backed gold, bitcoin and other financial commodities satoshi's footsteps, many tried improve satoshi's launch. addition, each transaction emaratcoin (aec) original vision, and thousands alternative generates small transaction fee mining fee. each cryptocurrencies were born. despite significant recent aec increases real value over time, making emarat developments and innovation, the market for unique among cryptocurrencies. this paper will explore cryptocurrencies remains very niche. cryptocurrencies still how emarat alternative cryptocurrency will function, have shortcomings that discourage mainstream use, the products and services associated, the asset details and particular high volatility and barriers entry. it's also worth about how may emarat result better outcomes for its noting that existing cryptocurrencies have not been participants. the superior distributed decentralized ledger blockchain technology. emarat coin the most beautiful and powerful attempt far create faster, powerful, secure cheaper blockchain technology disclaimer information provided this website and other forms this website. except insofar any liability under statute media general nature and does not constitute financial cannot excluded, emarat coin and their employees advice. emarat coin will endeavor update the website not accept any liability for any error omission emarat regular basis. however, information can change without coin (aec) for any resulting loss damage suffered notice and emarat coin not guarantee the accuracy the recipient any other person. information, including information provided third parties, any particular time. every effort has been made ensure unless otherwise specified, copyright information provided that the information provided accurate. you must not rely this whitepaper website owned emarat coin. you this information make financial investment may not alter modify this information any way, including decision. before making any decision, recommend you the removal this copyright notice. consult financial planner cryptocurrency expert our emarat coin may also disclose personal information other advisor take into account your particular investment financial institutions and organizations their request you objectives, financial situation and individual needs. seek credit from them. emarat coin may obliged emarat coin not give any warranty the accuracy, disclose information law, e.g. under court orders reliability completeness information which contained statutory notices pursuant taxation social security laws. blockchain technology blockchain distributed database, which makes the creation digital ledger transactions and share among distributed network computers possible. uses cryptography allow each participant the network manipulate the ledger secure way without the need for central authority. maintains continuously-growing list records (blocks), each containing timestamps and link the previous one. emarat coin built and available blockchain technology. the main reason for using blockchain technology the development emarat coin (aec) provide decentralized infrastructure that stable and secure for all the involving parties. transfer anywhere, ignoring geographic and political barriers. trading staking the purpose emarat coin serve digital-age payment system well provide financial freedom and independence. lending mining growth blockchain technology blockchain technology offers secure, fast, and cheaper medium carrying out online transaction and online transfer information without the need third party verification. the adoption blockchain technology financial services sector has gained traction. banking sector willing explore opportunities which would make the banking transactions more transparent and easy process. increased penetration digital technology the banking sector has resulted the development easy use online platforms and applications. this drives the need carry out the online transactions secure manner. blockchain technology eliminates the frauds due errors and identity theft large extent. hence the financial services sector has been keen exploring the technology before undertaking wide scale deployment this technology. this technology can benefit industries such music and healthcare offering easy access and exchange digital data these industries over the internet. blockchain technology that will transform everything fro the finance industry global supply chains, and the companies that build will get very rich. the demand for blockchain technology expected increase the coming years owing the investments blockchain technology. america expected lead the blockchain technology market during the forecast period. asia pacific region expected witness the highest growth rate blockchain technology during the forecast period. the middle east the early phases adoption the technology. the blockchain technology market compressive large number startups. the growth blockchain technology startups was aided huge venture capital investments during the period from the market expected hit huge wave mergers and acquisitions the coming years. services bullet points blockchain technology offers secure, fast, and cheaper medium carrying out online transaction and online transfer information without the need third party verification. aidea multipurpose powerpoint template trustless exchange transparency and immutability two parties are able make exchange without the oversight intermediation third party, strongly reducing, even eliminating, counterparty risk. changes public blockchain are viewable all parties creating transparency, and all transactions are immutable, meaning they cannot altered deleted empowered users durability, reliability, and longevity users are control all their information and transactions one controls the accounts access except users. central banking government involved. thanks the decentralized networks, blockchain does not have central point failure and better able withstand malicious attacks. cryptocurrencies st-century unicorn the money the future? today cryptocurrencies have become global phenomenon known most people. while still somehow geeky and not understood most people, banks, governments and many companies are aware its importance. cryptocurrency form digital money that designed secure and, many cases, anonymous. currency associated with the internet that uses cryptography, the process converting legible information into almost uncrack able code, track purchases and transfers. cryptography was born out the need for secure communication the second world war. has evolved the digital era with elements mathematical theory and computer science become way secure communications, information and money online. the first cryptocurrency was bitcoin, which was created and still the best known. there has been proliferation cryptocurrencies the past decade and there are now more than available the internet. cryptocurrencies use decentralized technology let users make secure payments and store money without the need use their name through bank. they run distributed public ledger called blockchain, which record all transactions updated and held currency holders. units cryptocurrency are created through process called mining, which involves using computer power solve complicated math's problems that generate coins. users can also buy the currencies from brokers, then store and spend those using cryptographic wallets. cryptocurrencies and applications blockchain technology are still nascent financial terms and more uses should expected. transactions including bonds, stocks and other financial assets could eventually traded using the technology. why cryptocurrencies? cryptocurrencies are known for being secure and providing level anonymity. transactions them cannot faked reversed and there tend low fees, making more reliable than conventional currency. their decentralized nature means they are available everyone, where banks can exclusive who they will let open accounts. new form cash, the cryptocurrency markets have been known take off meaning small investment can become large sum overnight. but the same works the other way. people look invest cryptocurrencies should aware the volatility the market and the risks they take when buying. because the level anonymity they offer, cryptocurrencies are often associated with illegal activity, particularly the dark web. users should careful about the connotations when choosing buy the currencies. how cryptocurrencies works? cryptocurrency related discussion bill gates co-founder, microsoft bitcoin exciting because shows how cheap can be. bitcoin better than currency that you don't have physically the same place and, course, for large transactions, currency can get pretty inconvenient. source: bloomberg first consumer-oriented cryptocurrency launched united arab emirates emarat coin decentralized electronic currency developed successful financial experts. not "owned" any group business individual. the emarat coin controlled directly the individual owners themselves, system known peer-to-peer (pp) about aidea multipurpose powerpoint template mathematics secures the network and empowers individuals control their own finances. emarat coin features faster transaction confirmation times and improved storage efficiency than the leading mathbased currency. emarat coin open source, global payment network that fully decentralized without any central authorities. aec will initially focus the remittance, trading, staking markets currently dominated large players. total coin supply scrypt hybrid (pow pos) algorithem premined token for initial coin distribution block reward block size block time confirmations proof stake per aec starting price aec minutes yearly first cryptocurrency insured bitcoins insure user's profitability maintain price drop while launching exchanges emarat coin the first cryptocurrency the world which provide profitability and rate assurance its users big whales can't dump this while launching any crypto trading exchange. emarat coin will consistently deliver outstanding results and price growth. emarat coin can help you build sustainable, stable financial freedom. stake earn wallet the moment you acquire emarat coin, becomes interest bearing asset with return per year through pos minting technology. all you have earn with this method hold coins your emaratcoin-qt wallet. this means anyone holding emarat coins their wallet will receive interest their balance return for helping maintain security network trade grow fast trading their price flow defined for the most part market demand and supply. thanks the complicated code involved cryptocurrencies are impossible counterfeit. you can grow your profit from downward movements emarat coin's price selling them higher price and buy them again lower price and pocketing the price difference. you wants profit from short selling, you have own emarat coin the first place. lend enjoy big profits you can enjoy big profits investing exclusively from the lending platform dashboard. this investment option involves profiting from emarat coin's growth and mining share. you will receive daily profit based your investment option. upon investment term completion, you will receive your capital back take out from the emarat coin lending platform. financial solution for everyone faster, secure, cheaper, powerful than bitcoin aidea template emarat coin (aec) first open source superior distributed decentralized ledger technology with open ledger known the blockchain emaratcoin built full-scale financial system capable organizing all your financial assets using the world's most secure reliable blockchain technology users who keep their wallet open secure the network via staking will get from interest per year (varies according network weight). several members the community formed proof stake mining pool help support the market price and volume applying upward pressure and this will result huge rise emarat coin's popularity. emaratcoin aims lead the way blockchain innovation. aims moon official roadmap official launching the emarat coin's pre-ico sale will live dec nd, and will finish dec, ico final-ico the emarat coin's ico final ico sale will start from jan, and will finish jan, coin distribution -th feb emarat coin's will distributed after final ico completion lending staking platforms new generation lending staking platforms will released that can help users gain more profit and more handsome business public exchange listing feb mar emarat coin will listed major crypto currency exchanges including livecoin.net, yobit, coinexchange, bittrex, poloniex green mining setup georgia emarat coin not just crypto currency, its complete investment system well. will start our own mining farm georgia quarter and profits will divided all our community members aidea template decentralized debit card emarat coin will launching its complete decentralized debit card quarter every user can withdrawal his coins directly using his customized atm card