decentralized blockchain lodging ecosystem (ver..--..) table contents introduction what emphy vision market issues availability technologies emphy features emphy architecture development prospects economic model growth forecast ico campaign roadmap conclusion references introduction short-term lodging industry prosperous right now and the moment it's valuated billion with growth forecast billion there are signs growth slowing down the short-term lodging market and the coming years can seriously take the traditional businesses, such hotels, motels and even hostels. distant countries with their culture, exoticism and rich traditions have always attracted tourists from all over the world. however, often traditional travel planning methods are not available for these locations. the reasons for this are the lack house sharing traditions, security problems, low level computer skills among the older generation, well technical limitations, such the lack necessary information and the ability accept non-cash payments. thus, such journey becomes rather dangerous and unpredictable gamble, alternative which can only traditional and expensive tourism with hotels, guides and tours. given the development modern technology, such prospect seems unacceptable us. the rapid growth the number mobile internet users well smartphone users virtually all countries opens new opportunities for local residents earn additional income and conduct business. believe that the availability smartphones and the ever-increasing speed data transfer, coupled with enthusiasm and ingenuity the younger generation, will disrupt the short-term rental market even the most remote corners our planet. are confident that emphy ecosystem with its simplicity and functionality will win the users' hearts and help them conclude their first lodging smart-contract. what emphy emphy decentralized ecosystem where landlords and tenants meet conclude short-term real estate rental contracts blockchain combined with smart contracts will eliminate the dependence the centralized system between the participants the transaction, and will significantly reduce the commission and help fixing the terms the agreement (booking and general conditions) between the owner the property and the guest. emphy provides innovative approaches, openness, convenience and ease use. the platform will raise the technology and the process short-term renting new level development. the ecosystem will interest landlords, who are engaged offering real estate properties (rooms, studios, apartments, houses, etc.) for short-term rent, well the guests. emphy will create the most comfortable and clear conditions for all platform users for achieving their goals. all users emphy ecosystem pass the personal identification and the future receive unique personal user rating, which compiled both from general feedback the contractors and from the auxiliary data. thus, emphy makes possible establish trust between the platform users. first all, the new ecosystem oriented the markets developing countries that attract travellers tourists and have great growth potential (southeast asia, south america, africa, middle east, eastern europe and russia). believe that over time emphy will take worthy niche both western europe and the north american market and will seriously compete with the leading companies this industry. vision emphy ecosystem most closely matches the expectations young people generation more adventures, exciting experiences, fewer formalities and pre-known routes. the modern world, most travelers choose the idea "hand luggage" and full flexibility movement without burdening themselves with limitations. having smartphone and access the internet, the traveller and the real estate owner will always able negotiate and conclude smart rental contract, and also make payment transaction among themselves. convenient, simple and reliable for both parties. the use crypto currency the transactions along with traditional methods payment significantly expands the possibilities for both sides. generation (millennials) generation born after met the new millennium young age, characterized primarily deep involvement digital technology. and for this generation traveling one life's priorities, higher than, for example, buying your own home buying car. millennials would spend free money travels. emphy will make possible solve and simplify the problems that most the guests and landlords face. all this will not only save money rental housing when traveling, but will also open new countries and continents, for people who can not and not want spend large sums expensive group journeys and tours. expect that our ecosystem will able significantly expand the existing short-term lodging market, improve security, establish high level trust between users and will promote the development tourism both within countries and the international level. now clearly evident that the generation the peak technological innovation. this generation active young people the main driving force determining the vector development, not only technology, but also the future way life mankind. with their flair, they choose the technologies the future and promising ideas even the moment when those are the earliest stages inception. market issues the current situation the short-term rental market, misunderstanding often occurs between the property owner and the guest. this primarily due the fact that the property owner does not publish full information about the property. result, when the guests arrive, they may very disappointed. cannot change the human factor, but can improve technical and technological factors and through this make the market transparent possible. the main problems faced property owners are the difficulties associated with increasing occupancy facilities guests, high commissions, security problems, trust, difficulty billing and linking the transactions with bank cards, well difficulties obtaining the feedback and positive ratings. the real estate owners not have the ability fully show the property simple photo the way looks like reality, and because this, sometimes they face problems with the guests. this understatement often entails guest discontent, and, consequence, bad review, low rating and poor occupancy. difficulties traditionally encountered the guests are high commissions for services, problems trust due lack feedback, reliability the contract, security, old and irrelevant photos. the owners have few reviews, any, and the payment possibilities for accommodation are minimal. emphy ecosystem created solve most the existing problems the industry and bring the process real estate rent new level development. availability technologies the modern world, already half humanity are active users the internet, almost the same number people use mobile internet (%). north america and europe remain the leaders penetration the internet among the population, and respectively. among the regions with the least accessibility the network can identified africa (%) and south asia (%). quantitative terms, the situation with active users quite different. leading positions here are east asia million), south asia million), africa million), followed western europe million) and southeast asia closes the leaders top five million). the main driver such growth the spread broadband mobile internet and its affordable price for the local population. the data for january show that half the world's web traffic via mobile phone and this indicator has upward trend. absolute numbers east asia, million people already have access high-speed broadband mobile internet. the second place the region south-east asia with million users and western europe closes the top three with million users. believe that right now, when the broadband internet has become widely available around the world, our ecosystem will have the greatest success. then any person with smartphone and high-speed internet access can make high-quality photos minutes and submit advertisement about the availability the property. are situation where the nearest future, order run business will not matter where you live, whether the amazon rainforest the fabulous beaches southeast asia. person always has the opportunity attract and provide hospitality travelers, talk about their culture and earn money for their travels. this will allow millions tourists from all over the world discover not only the unknown corners our planet, but also organize interesting journey their home countries. emphy features low commission fees existing platforms, which are intermediaries the renting process, take fairly high percentage commission. now short-term rental market average total commission (combined commission for guest and landlord) are the range the emphy platform, the total commission fees will (.% paid the guest and the landlord). thus, will able provide better and more innovative services, and reducing commission times the same time. the incentive system ratings and bonuses slightly less than half active airbnb listings have rating (%), but those who have it, almost have rating out rated landlords have rating higher. emphy offers system bonuses that guests and hosts receive for making certain actions the system: identification process, detailed description the home, adding photos, writing reviews, etc. putting ratings the economic rails, will allow guests receive more profitable offers and save money. the owners, receiving reviews and ratings, will able reach the full level their real load much quicker and thus earn more money, since even lowerrated ads get higher rental loads than those which not have reviews all. for each feedback both guest and the owner will also collects emphycoins, which they can use for future trips. the size the bonus determined both the rating given the opposite side review, and the number leased days and nights. users will able receive the commission paid back the form bonuses. improved security measures order provide additional security and increase the level loyalty and trust between the guest and the host, when the guest checks in, host gives the guest the keys and uses the application his phone scan the code from the guest's phone screen. thus, the owner receives confirmation that the person who made the booking front him. also, this action registered the system check-in. after that, the rent fee for the first day placement transferred from the temporary deposit wallet the host's wallet, and then transfers are made every day for the day ahead. the time guest departures from the apartment and returns the keys the owner, possible repeat this process, confirming the check-out the system. automated identity verification according the learnairbnb.com report, almost half the owners (.%) did not have confirmed id. completely authorized hosts receive average times more reviews than the ones who did not fully complete authorization, which increases the guest flow and the overall loyalty customers. our ecosystem will solve this problem implementing automatic confirmation system using face recognition technology. confirm their identity, persons will need take picture their face and document proving their identity. creating virtual tours typically, the photographer's services are free for the real estate owner, but this service one way another affects the size the commission the platform and available only large cities. ultimately, this reduces the net profit for the host, and result increases the rent cost for the guest. today's world, where competition the services market very high, decrease commission greatly affects the loyalty users. emphy platform will provide function create colorful and attractive pictures. panoramic photos and degrees, will allow you fully immerse yourself the atmosphere the place where the traveler planning stop. this, will enough have smartphone with camera and just follow the prompts get better final result. these solutions make possible minimize the situation, where guest going vacation rented apartment, can only recognize few fragments and angles. such new opportunities not only contribute better visibility and more complete picture the property being rented, but also, result, improve the relationship and understanding between the owner and the guest. the owners, adding panoramic photos, thereby prove their transparency and the fact that they not seek hide any defects the room from the guest, showing only the most attractive foreshortenings the premises. emphy arhitecture emphy ecosystem based full node and lite client architecture. full nodes all the computational work and connect with lite clients. computational core, based node.js meets all the necessary requirements for reliable operation and fast transactions. postgresql combined with postgis used for storing profile information, well geographical locations. using fetch service provides quick access required information. ipfs protocol used storage system for pictures and virtual tours the rented properties. api interface, provided full nodes used connect lite clients with full nodes. lite clients are mobile apps, for smartphones and tablets. two platforms, supported ecosystem are android and ios. the combination these time tested technologies along with ethereum based smart contracts provides the overall reliability and speed the entire emphy ecosystem. principle emphy operation guests and real estate owners meet the emphy ecosystem. the guest transfers the full amount the lease emphycoin temporary wallet. the parties conclude smart contract for short-term lease (on ethereum) with the entry and its confirmation the blockchain. emphy ecosystem receives the amount smart contract commission. the commission paid returned the form bonuses the guest and the property owner. thus, the real commission .%. the real estate owner receives transactions for rent emphycoin from temporary wallet (every day for the day ahead). the real estate owner can exchange received emphycoin for btc, eth and fiat money (usd, eur, jpy and cny). emphycoin available limited edition epy. the number rental smart contracts increases, the stable demand for emphycoin among guests increases, thus the coin price starts grow actively. this growth and value are secured the unique opportunities that the emphy ecosystem provides all its users. examples processes reservation and check-in the guest. the guest finds suitable accommodation option the emphy ecosystem and pays for reservation emphycoin. coins are transferred temporary wallet. smart contract containing all the terms concluded between the guest and the property owner. upon check-in, the host gives keys the guest and uses the application his phone scan the code from the guest's phone screen. the system perceives this "check-in" and emphycoin are transferred from temporary wallet the wallet the property owner. the guest receives the right use the property for the duration the contract. check out the guest and feedback. when guest leaves the rented property, the host, using the application his phone, scans the code from the guest's phone screen and receives the keys back. the system sees this "check out". guest leaves the rented room. the property owner and the guest leave feedbacks for each other. both sides get bonuses emphycoin from emphy ecosystem for leaving feedbacks. the platform generates user ratings based reviews and related data. class examples contract class figure below illustrates the contract class and its related classes. contract has contract_stage, that can active, defective, delayed, inactive, performed, revised terminated. contract created landlord and accepted guest. each contract contains right and obligation related both guest and landlord. temporary_wallet created the scope specific contract and removed after transaction performed. contract includes property that provided landlord. identification process part contract. property class figure below illustrates the property class and its related classes. property described information such virtualtour, propertylocation and propertystate. virtualtour provides visual descriptive information about property. propertylocation contains geographical coordinates property. propertystate describes the condition property, such available, booked, damaged. property the main attribute contract that also includes advertisement containing the information about property. development prospects our team interested not only creating popular decentralized ecosystem for shortterm lodging, but also for the emphycoin owners receive direct economic benefits both early stage contribution and the future. emphycoin the currency unit between all users the emphy platform, also being the crypto currency with practical value, functionality, increased demand for and stable interest from ordinary users the system. the limited release tokens and stable demand for them due the growing number concluded rent smart contracts will increase their market value (exchange), and the real possibilities using them will help stabilize the volatility the crypto currency rate. landlords fix the price real estate rent emphycoin, the same time the ecosystem shows them total equivalent usd eur cny jpy, btc and eth, the current exchange rate btc/emphycoin; eth/emphycoin; cross-exchange rate btc/usd; btc/eur; eur/jpy; eur/cny; usd/cny etc. reduce the risk volatility emphycoin, the landlord can link the rent price the most attractive and stable currency his selection, for example, usd btc. before the conclusion the rent contract, the price for the surveyor emphycoin may vary different days depending the exchange rate the btc emphycoin and btc usd pairs, but after concluding the smart contract, the price and terms are finally fixed. also the platform will provide framework contract insurance system using temporary depositary wallet. according our forecasts, after the emphy platform will reach contracts per day and higher, the emphycoin course will become more and more stable. thus, only due real contracts there will demand for emphycoin the amount equivalent per day and above plus stock trading. this gives some confidence that with time, the more real contracts are concluded per day the platform, the less impact speculative nature emphycoin itself will exposed to, which our direct interest. economic model the economic model emphy based the constant circulation emphycoin the system, well the stable demand for crypto currency from users side. the received commission, first all, should cover the company's operating expenses, ensure development and stimulate active expansion the market. for buyers and holders emphycoin, the economic benefit formed the price growth the token, which has real application, value and the currency unit the ecosystem. the price growth the token will occur primarily the number ecosystem users increases. the limited availability tokens will help support the rate the crypto currency. tourists and travelers will always need our tokens pay the rent, these people will the driving force that has constant demand for emphycoin. the company provides the turnover emphycoin the ecosystem, initially not intend accumulate emphycoin received commission and keep create deficit the market. the first stage after the platform enters the market (june the company will track the number offers for the "sale" emphycoin. stabilization fund formed from the received commission will directed primarily stabilize the supply and demand emphycoin. this artificial measure will exist for short time, until emphycoin gets stronger crypto currency having practical application. this fund can not exert any real large price fluctuations, its aggregated volume will not exceed the total issue, but case large deficit will able offer the market emphycoin fair price. this measure will applied case sudden growth currency rates. after the day trading turnover emphycoin exchanges and the system itself reaches the equivalent $,,, this stabilization measure will completely canceled and emphycoin will into free float. commission distribution the emphy ecosystem commission for the conclusion rent smart contracts. this will ensure stable development the platform, help financing marketing programs attract new users and increase the loyalty existing ones. commission distribution emphy ecosystem: emphycoin received commission used the company for employee salaries, marketing, developing new solutions and supporting existing ones. the commission received form bonus fund for users the emphy platform (promotions, bonuses, drawings, etc.) the commission will accumulated the stabilization fund the commission will sent long-term motivational packages employees the company buyback the company reserves the right partially buy tokens back the exchange. the maximum volume buyback can not exceed the total volume tokens per quarter months). the company will report the made buyouts quarterly reports separate press releases published the company's website and social networks. growth forecast when preparing the forecast for the growth the reservations, first and foremost rely the fact that emphy will conduct active marketing campaign attract and stimulate the interest new users. when forecasting, was important take into account both the readiness the market and the ability new users learn new methods crypto currency use focus the fact that the end the first year operation emphy ecosystem will reach smart-contracts and smart-contracts the second year. now cryptocurrency gaining more and more popularity not only among professionals, but also among general public. news about the world cryptocurrencies can seen serious business publications, the yellow press well discussions the talk shows. such massive agitation and warming the media space leads the fact that huge number new users open accounts the crypto currency, begin learn and actively dive into cryptocurrency world. development and consumption services using cryptocurrencies the next step huge number new users. this situation, the emphy ecosystem will able maximize its potential, ensure the growth the concluded smart contracts and increase the liquidity and rate emphycoin. ico campain emphycoin (epy) erc token with limited release blockchain: ethereum every emphycoin can split pieces. epy (ico) total epy: hardcap $,, accepted forms payment: btc eth the amount epy tokens reserved for: crowdsale- (,,): for presale and for ico marketing reserve for promoting the platform (,) emphy team (,,) bounty (,) all unsold tokens after the end the ico will sent the emphy marketing fund. all unsold tokens after the end the ico will directed special wallet and will form separate part the marketing structure. this new structure the emphy marketing fund. tokens sent the marketing fund will frozen until march since march th, the emphy team, necessary, can sell the exchange every month epy from the marketing fund the sale price the epy token from the marketing fund the exchange can not less than usd the wallet addresses marketing fund will published facebook, twitter and telegram. each contributor can verify that the emphy team fulfills its obligations. roadmap march initial creating emphy platform. development and study the conceptual ecosystem model and its technical features. june writing the first whitepaper versions, consulting with broker companies, well the initial open discussion the idea narrow circle specialists. october start emphy ico june release the platform beta version and testing. revision the platform based test results and test group analysis. august public launch the platform and entry into market. end-user involvement and work increasing the number offers the database. november expansion and active promotion the platform market, marketing campaigns, presentations, presentations forums and publications. conclusion developed emphy ecosystem, will raise the technology and the process renting the real estate new level. innovative approaches, openness, convenience and ease product use are our team motto. emphy will good alternative existing solutions the market, and set features, capabilities and its simplicity will much ahead competing platforms. the technological innovations, the blockchain and crypto-currencies are moving ahead into the broad masses, emphy will rapidly gain momentum, promoting the development international tourism around the world. references http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-vacation-rental-market----leading-vendors-are-flats-airbnb-homeaway-tripadvisor-wimduworld-travel-holdings--wyndham-worldwide-.html report, november, "airbnb and the rise millennial travel" hootsuite are social "digital global overview" collection internet, social media, and mobile data from around the world. page hootsuite are social "digital global overview" page hootsuite are social "digital global overview" page hootsuite are social "digital global overview" page hootsuite are social "digital global overview" page https://www.tripping.com/industry/rental-companies/rental-site-comparison the state airbnb hosting. in-depth analysis airbnb and the home sharing industry page the state airbnb hosting. in-depth analysis airbnb and the home sharing industry page