the clinical and investment potential the gene-chain project the blockchain-based application encrypgen, llc now initial coin offering. abstract recent years, tremendous growth has been seen the size and variety genomic data. this growth has been met with technological advancements the capture, process, analysis and storage genomic information. the complementary expansion between genomic databases and data technologies have enabled the emergence targeted therapies and personalized medicine. however, the huge potential genomic data scientific developments hampered issues data security and privacy. who owns the health data? who can access the genomic databases? more importantly, what can people with malicious intent with the genomic information which they have access to? the era continual technological and digital progress, patients and researchers should have better solution for managing, storing, and finally, utilizing the data one that confronts the issue data privacy and security head and thus propels genome-based scientific discoveries new heights. this whitepaper explores one solution, the gene-chain, which application based the blockchain technology that focuses safe, trackable and virtually unhackable method making digital transactions involving genomic information over secure network. the gene-chain project equipped with all the technical features that are afforded the blockchain technology, particular, individuals and entities who deposit, use mine data are rewarded with gene-chain coins, which represent ever-growing value and exchangeable cryptocurrency. the unprecedented growth genomic data the explosion genomic data and the increased capacity access such data constitute boon both scientific research and commerce. all this was catalyzed the completion the human genome project. scientists from all over the world successfully concluded year initiative sequence the entire human genome. the project was able identify and map about human genes. the completed dna sequence now provides scientific guidance the structure, function and organization the human genome. essentially, the project produced comprehensive blueprint instructions for how human body grows, develops and functions and how these instructions are inherited. establishing the human genome map enabled, and continues enable, studies that can dive into the nature, variations, mutations, and phenotypic linkages human dna. with this depth and breadth scientific knowledge, researchers and clinicians have been given the unique opportunity understand and explain health and diseases the genetic level. why the human genome project only the beginning according the national library medicine, the human genome project allowed researchers "to begin understand the blueprint for building person." the project's completion was only possible with the determination, effort and collaboration government agencies the with members the academe both within and outside the us. international partners were located germany, france, uk, china and japan. the project began and concluded two years ahead schedule today, continues have promising implications the fields biotechology, life sciences, medicine, pharmaceuticals and healthcare. however, the value data only realized when used generate meaningful and life-changing insights. optimizing genomic information will require openness the possibilities that lie within technology, penchant for collaborative work, and thirst for policies and solutions that allow researchers overcome data-related challenges such the issues security, privacy and ethical practices. some the research techniques that proved useful, and continue so, the creation and maintenance the human genome pool include dna sequencing, polymerase chain reaction and bacterial artificial chromosomes. moreover, the increased demand for more sophisticated data processing capabilities has been met with advancements data collection tools, data analytics, data storage, rapid retrieval and information distribution mechanisms. essentially, the growth access and availability genomic data has been matched with the emergence high performing computation, and the potential for genetic discovery has become endless. companies that focus creating and maintaining databases that curate genomic data national human genome research institute (). what was the human genome project? retrieved from https://www.genome.gov//an-overview-of-the-human-genome-project/ encrypgen. llc (). "gene-chain" solution for enhancing privacy, security, and utility genomic databases national library medicine (). what was the human genome project and why has been important? retrieved from https://ghr.nlm.nih.gov/primer/hgp/description ibid. national human genome research institute (). what was the human genome project? retrieved from https://www.genome.gov//an-overview-of-the-human-genome-project/ ibid. have sprung up, enabling researchers and drug developers mine the data and build their understanding cell function, disease progression, population health and illness prevention. the features genomic data today due the completion the human genome project and the advancements data technologies, the genomic data today possesses three main improvements over the genomic data yesterday: faster the computing power has been accelerated that genomic data can captured, analyzed and retrieved within hours days compared previous years when would have taken weeks months more accessible not only the genomic information accessible research and academic entities, but now also available the public, usually for fee. few websites and applications now enable consumers trace their ancestry (ancentrydna and andme) and determine drug dosing based genetic variation (dosisacenocumarol.com and warfarindosing.org) more affordable with the growth the number genomic databanks and the breadth genomic data expertise, acquiring information the human dna becoming more and more affordable. over the years, the cost sequencing individual's dna has gone from down $,. the coming years, researchers expect that the cost will eventually driven down the dilemma genomic data utility: scientific progress data security? genomes, however, are personal and may contain highly sensitive information about individual. the massive developments the field genomic research begs the question: have all legal, ethical and social considerations been made? dna contains information person's ethnicity and heritage, risks for developing specific conditions, life expectancy and personal traits such intelligence and personality. people, however, may want keep these pieces information private. broad view person's genetic encrypgen. llc (). "gene-chain" solution for enhancing privacy, security, and utility genomic databases national human genome research insitute (). the cost sequencing human genome. retrieved from https://www.genome.gov/sequencingcosts/ encrypgen. llc (). "gene-chain" solution for enhancing privacy, security, and utility genomic databases ibid. make-up creates highly deterministic perspective health. one potential consequence this that insurance companies may become severely selective, which may the disadvantage the individual. hence, scientific progress may odds with patient privacy, which may lead underwhelming future for genomics research and development. who qualified curate genetic information? who can held accountable the data hacked and used for malicious and unauthorized purposes? with several questions around the security and privacy the current methods for managing genomic data, trust becomes major issue. the entire field genomics science now requires method safely store genomic information and securely retrieve the data for medical, personal research purposes. but there technological solution that can meet all these requirements? the following section discusses the potential blockchain technology providing solution. why the blockchain technology addresses the dilemma typically, when two parties seek exchange items value, each party has its own individual ledger, which would record and interpret the details the transaction. with each party having its own internal ledger, what emerges are varying versions and interpretations the truth. cases where the two parties are unfamiliar with each other and therefore not trust each other from the outset, intermediary usually brought broker the exchange and provide layer authority, authenticity, guarantee and security the exchange. this arrangement typical one the business acquiring and sharing genomic data. also, the need have intermediary and other security measures often entail costs. the blockchain technology offers advanced and technical model send and record transactions involving sensitive data without the need for intermediary. this technology represents distributed ledger that almost impossible alter and tamper with. each party user linked the blockchain network has access shared ledger transactions that appears uniform fashion with any other party user the network. basically, every user the network has access common copy the list transactions, promoting transparency and peddling shared truth. illustrated figure the technology makes possible for all historical lin, (). blockchain: the missing link between genomics and privacy? retrieved from https://www.forbes.com/sites/patricklin////blockchain-the-missing-link-between-genomics-and-privacy/#dbfb ibm (). blockchain infographic. retrieved from https://www-.ibm.com/common/ssi/cgi- bin/ssialias?htmlfid=xiusen& encrypgen. llc (). "gene-chain" solution for enhancing privacy, security, and utility genomic databases transactions recorded into "blocks" and all changes transactions are updated and synchronized every minutes. figure how blockchain built source: ibm blockchain has most commonly been associated with financial start-ups that deal with the digital currency called bitcoin. however, blockchain has applications across multiple fields and industries, one which area genomics. creates digital network where meta-data can searched and retrieved, which enable data sharing among researchers and security personal and sensitive data. using the blockchain technology for genomics data utility can address four specific questions: who owns the data? where the data stored? how the data donor's identity and privacy protected? how are the data exchanges/transactions audited? thompson, (). how does the blockchain work (for dummies) explained simply. retrieved from https://medium.com/the- intrepid-review/how-does-the-blockchain-work-for-dummies-explained-simply-fde ibm (). blockchain infographic. retrieved from https://www-.ibm.com/common/ssi/cgi- bin/ssialias?htmlfid=xiusen& who owns the data? cloud-based storage genomic data, which the typical model storing and retrieving massive amounts data, places the control the hands the institution company maintaining the central server and database. when patient uploads his her genomic information cloudbased platform, for instance, that information can pass through the hands several other stakeholders (e.g. the data analytics firm, the server handler, the customer interface firm, etc.) before reaches the hands the intended audience, say, clinical trial researcher who has sent query. the patient the original source the information, however, not the know with regards which stakeholders have viewed the contents his her personal information. malicious unauthorized activities take place result having multiple stakeholders having access that information, raising the question who truly accountable becomes futile. with blockchain, individuals can upload their genomic information and have the confidence that their data safe and secure. when researcher queries for access particular patient's data, the patient controls the degree permitted access. the details the transaction are also fully recorded into the chain. any further exposure that data, which beyond what the original data source had permitted, can hold the querying researcher accountable. moreover, data ownership has clear boundaries. donors the data can also deliberately control with whom they share their data, when, and for how long. addition, the blockchain technology can generate tokens coins that enable data donors rewarded for their data exposure. where the data stored? relation the issue data ownership, the blockchain technology also addresses the issue data storage. typical cloud-based hardware memory-based data storage, all the data coming from various data sources are warehoused centralized database. this means that when the central database experiences problems hacked, all the information stored there placed risk. with blockchain technology, the database shared and decentralized. every member the community has copy the most recent ledger and any additions that ledger are recorded, reported and synchronized. order hack manipulate one transaction, hacker must through the entire chain and affect the ledger copy each member. moreover, the data sharing encrypgen. llc (). "gene-chain" solution for enhancing privacy, security, and utility genomic databases ibid. process peer-to-peer which there need place the data temporary holding facility until such time that interested party queries for it. the exchange can instantaneous. how the identity and privacy the data donor protected? one the key issues that researchers are faced with patients' lack willingness share their data due having lack trust the entity requesting for the data. patients and potential data donors often get more comfortable and willing share their health data when they know will put good use during drug development and efforts improve the quality healthcare. however, for many patients, the issue not much whether the owner the health data clearly defined, but more whether there assurance that their personal and financial data are kept secure. how can patient data source's identity and privacy ascertained? the method data security varies between blockchain and other typical cloud-based databases. with typical databases that are maintained intermediaries, genomic data often de-identified, which means the health information person stripped personal attachments and identification, such person's full name, age, address, insurance details, any other details that make the person identifiable. de-identification can done through specific computer software techniques such double blind referencing. however, de-identification still has risk being reversed. using the same coding techniques, hackers can re-identify patients and thus place patients risk exposure and abuse. the other hand, the blockchain technology utilizes special encryption system where the transactions uploaded into the network are associated with unique coding tool called hash. each member the network also assigned encrypted key, which serves digital signature that required authenticate access transaction. furthermore, while the blockchain transparent and accessible via the internet, members the network can opt make private which new parties interested join and participate must comply with certain software and certification criteria. lin, (). blockchain: the missing link between genomics and privacy? retrieved from https://www.forbes.com/sites/patricklin////blockchain-the-missing-link-between-genomics-and-privacy/#dbfb patientslikeme (). patientslikeme survey shows vast majority people with health conditions are willing share their health data. retrieved from http://news.patientslikeme.com/press-release/patientslikeme-survey-shows-vast-majority-peoplehealth-conditions-are-willing-share-t malin sweeney how (not) protect genomic data privacy distributed network: using trail re-identification evaluate and design anonymity protection systems. journal biomedical informatics. ;():- encrypgen. llc (). "gene-chain" solution for enhancing privacy, security, and utility genomic databases how are the data exchanges/transactions audited? essentially, intermediaries broker trust since the parties involved typically not have trust for the other party. prior making exchange, people try get know the other party much they can. addition, people acquire the services intermediary that can authenticate the legitimacy, sincerity and intentions the other party. through high level cryptography, the blockchain technology enables immutability and removes the need for intermediary. since the blockchain technology enables heavy synchronization, tampering with the blockchain will costly and time-consuming. all parties the blockchain network approve and validate new transaction. so, any change addition the ledger logged for real-time validation and auditing all members the community. specifically, the blockchain provides the opportunity subject genomics data smart contracting, which immutable way processing contract between two parties the network. smart contract, the terms are transparent and uniformly presented between the two parties. the contract also self-executing which the terms are automatically fulfilled. moreover, all the the terms data access are followed, monitored and recorded such that each party can view the details their transactions anytime. this creates irrefutable paper trail that prevents future denial the terms that have been agreed. therefore, the authentication the contract woven into the fabric the chain and establishing trust the other party becomes irrelevant. blockchain promotes trust the entire network and the cryptography algorithms. hacking into the blockchain would require the manipulation significant fraction the community members' validation process, which would typically cost much more than what could gained hacking the system. other words, the shared nature the blockchain makes hacking not worthwhile. according the byzantine generals theorem, would take coordination least the access points the network, which are called nodes, successfully hack manipulate blockchain network. therefore, the larger the network, the greater the number members who need validate and authenticate each transaction, which augments the security and privacy features the blockchain. encrypgen's gene-chain application genomic data complex and sensitive. the blockchain technology were applied the field genomics, specialized solution needs designed. the encrypgen, llc's gene-chain encrypgen. llc (). "gene-chain" solution for enhancing privacy, security, and utility genomic databases ibid. ibid. lin, (). blockchain: the missing link between genomics and privacy? retrieved from https://www.forbes.com/sites/patricklin////blockchain-the-missing-link-between-genomics-and-privacy/#dbfb application has been developed precisely for this purpose. encrypgen provides next generation software for genomic data, which empowers patients and data donors and creates safe environment facilitate health, business and science. the gene-chain solution brings with the beneficial features blockchain such as: the genomic database distributed, sharing peer-to-peer, the network virtually unhackable, permanent and immutable record transactions created, and transactions are searchable. the field genomics, encrypgen's gene-chain revolutionary. the application tailored the nuances genomic data and designed central repository for genomic data that severely outperforms its cloud-based counterparts. furthermore, the application offers unique benefits top what afforded the blockchain technology: safe and searchable patients and data donors are welcome deposit their genomic data the gene-chain for free. doing so, donors are assured that their information permanently stored safe and secure manner. researchers and clinicians can then access genomic data with the explicit permission the data owner and with the use time-expirable keys. ethical companies, research centers and universities may purchase licenses store data the gene-chain comply with local laws relating consent and privacy. empowering donors the gene-chain enables real time and permanent tracking transactions, placing the control and capacity give consent the hands the true data owner. secure and private aside from the unhackable encryption mechanism blockchain, the gene-chain also adopts rotating reference genomes, time limited keys, compression algorithms aided deep learning software well other sophisticated security measures. platform-agnostic one the main challenges with centralized database for genomic data the need standardize the format the information added onto the database. the gene-chain, however, agnostic the original formats the data and the sequencing platform. the data can stored and browsed its original form. the genechain designed only store, share and secure it. illustrated figure the gene-chain platform able offer unique benefits various users the gene-chain community. figure the stakeholders benefiting from the gene-chain application lin, (). blockchain: the missing link between genomics and privacy? retrieved from https://www.forbes.com/sites/patricklin////blockchain-the-missing-link-between-genomics-andprivacy/#dbfb the additional levels security due the breadth and degree complexity genomic information, understandable have the levels security, safety and capability called into question. three questions that may spring from scepticism the potential blockchain technology are presented below: can users upload unauthorized data? patients and data donors can upload genomic data freely. possible for them upload data that arbitrary has been illegally obtained? avoid such situations, gene-chain puts place strict verification procedures ensure what are being uploaded are fact genomic data and index files. the unlikely event that non-genomic data included the shared database, encrypgen will have the ability remove using private blockchain platform. can single network handle big data? times, the storage genomic data afforded the donor who has desire migrate the data. nonetheless, genomic data massive and diverse and leveraging would mean taking big data. indeed, placing streaming big data blockchain presents one the largest technical challenges blockchain development. hence, gene-chain equipped with deep learning genomic compression techniques that facilitates the data security within the donor's storage space and involves blockchain links that enable data streaming transmission. these compression techniques may applied other big data sets placed blockchains and are thus potentially patentable. how can payment facilitated decentralized environment? the majority platform utilized gene-chain multichain, which open source platform for the deployment private blockchains that does not use smart contracting. for some people, lack smart contracting insinuates problem when comes settling payments between users and donors. however, gene-chain has "node zero" that tasked arbitrate payments between customers. addition, the application utilizes the open source called hyperledger, which drives cross-industry blockchain collaboration and used for the validation transactions. the blockchain dedicated gene-chain coin transactions also moderated passive nodes that constant verify the blockchain. the value gene-chain coin the nature the blockchain technology enables the issuance cryptocurrency. for genechain, the currency conduct commerce called the gene-chain coin. this coin byproduct hosting nodes (computers attached the network that are tasked with verifying and relaying transactions) mining the data within the blockchains (solving computing problems validate and authenticate new transactions and blocks). mining passive nodes can also compensated with gene-chain coins. are coins//tokens subject securities and exchange committee rules? the gene-chain coin currency that exempt under the sec rules. since the gene-chain coins are exchanged with actual product (genomic data), these tokens/coins therefore not behave like security loan instrument, rather behaves currency. encrypgen drafted hyperledger (). blockchain technologies for business. retrieved from https://www.hyperledger.org/ the simple agreement for future tokes (saft) serve the legal framework that allows team legally raise funds through the pre-sale tokens/coins. let explore how gene-chain coins are utilized and how the value changes over time through the following questions: how the gene-chain coin used within the gene-chain network? the gene-chain coin the medium exchange for transactions that are recorded the genechain. serves form compensation for data donors payment from researchers. this payment system thus allows individuals who own the data profit from the act sharing their information with professionals who seek it. does the gene-chain coin have value outside the network? gene-chain coins are exchangeable standard cryptocurrency markets. while wallets containing these tokens will only distributed the conclusion the token sale, the genechain application potentially going the first multichain-based token listed exchanges. this coin can also traded for other cryptocurrencies such bitcoin (btc), ethereum (eth), ethereum classic (etc), digital cash (dash) and litecoin (ltc), which means that gene-chain coins hold practical value for buyers consumers. how does the value the gene-chain coin grow? the great demand for more secure and unhackable method for sharing and storing sensitive genomic information expected drive the value blockchain technology the field genomics. consequently, the value gene-chain coins will also increase. the value this cryptocurrency increase relative other currencies, then holders gene-chain coins can turn profit. since the supply these tokens will finite, any increase the demand genechain coin will raise the its value. how else can gene-chain coins acquired? another method acquire gene-chain coins earlier than the rest the public, however, via participation the gene-chain's initial coin offering (ico). ico well-established fundraising process for blockchain-based projects which people who foresee the potential for coinlist (). saft. retrieved from https://coinlist.co/about/help/saft/ encrypgen. llc (). "gene-chain" solution for enhancing privacy, security, and utility genomic databases value growth are given the opportunity invest the project before others can. essentially, icos have similar principle with initial public offerings (ipos) for publicly traded stocks. however, icos not issue stocks, rather they issue cryptocurrencies. increasing number investors and businesspeople are also noticing the investing power embedded within icos. american businessman, mark cuban, for example, who initially said that the bitcoin was financial bubble has recently announced plans invest digital coins. key benefit investing company that valued primarily cryptocurrency, rather than fiat currency, that the community users within the network can set their own terms. the costs maintaining blockchain are shared across the hosting nodes and the community members. consequently, the increase the blockchain's value also shared across the community data donors, miners and users. the stake the project remains the hands the individuals and entities who utilize, coordinate and maintain the network and thus create and drive the value the network. people who buy early through ico are not only granted access unique investment opportunities that will make great contributions the field genomic research and development, but also they have the opportunity continually incentivized the project's value increases. the encrypgen website provides detailed instructions where address cryptocurrency payments order receive digital wallet containing gene-chain coins. however, people who are interested invest the gene-chain project need know how much the coins are still open the public. illustrated figure million out the total million tokens for sale while the rest have been allocated for specific purposes. bonus tokens will also given out top investors. figure distribution for million gene-chain coins cheng, (). mark cuban, who just called bitcoin bubble, says plans invest another digital coin. retrieved from http://www.cnbc.com////mark-cuban-who-just-called-bitcoin-a-bubble-says-he-plans-to-invest-in-another-digital-coin.html cheng, (). mark cuban, who just called bitcoin bubble, says plans invest another digital coin. retrieved from http://www.cnbc.com////mark-cuban-who-just-called-bitcoin-a-bubble-says-he-plans-to-invest-in-another-digital-coin.html griffith, (). why startups are trading ipos for icos. retrieved from http://fortune.com////ico-initial-coin-offering/ encrypgen's goal raise btc. june approximately btc has already been raised (comprised btc, eth, dash, ltc, and etc). the conclusion token sale scheduled for july the future healthcare with gene-chain with the promise data security and donor privacy with blockchain technology, gene-chain expected offer tremendous value patients, researchers, physicians and genomic data enthusiasts. insights gleaned from the analysis the genomic data accessible through the genechain database can used inform the development personalized medicines and targeted therapies and drive improved diagnosis, prescription and delivery treatments the future. moreover, its technological features can extended towards use other scientific areas such proteomics, metabolomics and transcriptomics. furthermore, stand the precipice dna knowledge revolution. with the complete mapping the human genome, scientists now also have access portions the human dna sequence that are considered "junk" since they not contain protein-coding genes. nonetheless, these junk dna are part the dna sequence and may reveal findings about human evolution and prospective outlook population health, which will have therapeutic and clinical implications for the future. learning and discovery within the human dna far from over. supporting the gene-chain project encrypgen can help bring healthcare and the life sciences closer the such discoveries. the gene-chain now live and pre-populated with thousands genomes. individual patient and data donors are welcome use safe and secure repository for their genomic information. companies, universities and research institutes can also still enjoy the introductory rate for license fees. encrypgen will launching the social media portal and upload page which individual patients and data donors can deposit their genomic data for free. the same time, the company will integrating geo-located consent procedures support and protect user participation clinical studies. conclusion the human genome project presented the beginning revolutionary era for genomic discoveries and advancements. however, data only valuable the actionable insights gleaned from it. the real potential genomic data scientific and medical advancements has been underwhelming due large part issues around data security and donor privacy. optimizing the potential within genomic databases will require collaboration between stakeholders and great thirst for technological utility. the blockchain technology represents tremendously promising solution the data security and privacy hurdle. this technology shared ledger transactions that removes the need for centralized data storage facility and intermediary that can broker exchange. hence, specialized application like gene-chain, which has been developed the software developer encrypgen, llc and based the blockchain technology, exhibits the core features shared ledger: safe, secure, immutable, trackable, virtually unhackable, transparent and heavily synchronized. specifically, the genechain application supports more ethical approach sharing complex and sensitive data and empowers data donors shifting the ownership and control the data over them. the genechain truly revolutionary that the power create value the network controlled the community users and participants. early adopters and ico participants, especially, can take advantage the early valuation gene-chain coins, which bound increase passive and active nodes are integrated and more transactions are recorded into the shared ledger. encrypgen. llc (). "gene-chain" solution for enhancing privacy, security, and utility genomic databases