encryptotel first secure cloud pbx virtual public branch exchange: softphone infrastructure with blockchain-based voip communication and integrated traffic encryption for individuals and businesses roman nekrasov www.encryptotel.com table contents summary............................................................................................................................................... context................................................................................................................................................. the surveillance society................................................................................................................... content and metadata....................................................................................................................... background and vision........................................................................................................................ the opportunity for encryptotel.......................................................................................................... platform and technology....................................................................................................................... multiplatform, unified approach...................................................................................................... call encryption................................................................................................................................. user experience.............................................................................................................................. pseudonymous payments............................................................................................................... functionality offered encryptotel................................................................................................. business model................................................................................................................................... subscription per-minute charging............................................................................................. funding milestones............................................................................................................................. encryptotel team............................................................................................................................... summary rapid increase connectivity via technologies such the internet, social networking and smartphones has brought about step-change our ability communicate. the same time, current audio and video calling software and instant messaging are insecure and prone surveillance and exploitation governments, corporations and malicious third parties, well being less efficient and cost-effective than might expected. encryptotel will combine the most promising technologies and markets the telecommunications sector, linking virtual pbx (private branch exchange) with encryption, blockchain protocols and cryptocurrency payments offer significant improvements performance, functionality and competitive advantage. believe this will enable become leader the pbx industry, with diverse platform suitable for both individual use and office/business applications. have already completed working beta our core software that actively being tested. the encryptotel application will ultimately multiplatform solution that enables users connect and make voip calls using any device (desktop android sip, zoiper, cxphone, x-lite and more), and gain access their pbx via popular messaging apps such telegram and facebook messenger. this white paper details the scope and vision encryptotel ahead our crowdsale may the coming months will completing and launching our product, and making gradual entrance into the global pbx market. the encryptotel token (ticker: ett) will the native currency for our services. context enjoy unprecedented level connectivity. before the rise the internet, years ago, communication distance was costly and time-consuming. even local phone calls incurred charges; national calls could costly during peak times, and international calls prohibitively for most people. written communication letter entailed delivery time least day, again cost. sending letter airmail typically meant round trip over week. twenty years ago, mainstream consumers first began access the web, email was considered analogous sending letter due the costs using dial-up connection. bandwidth was limited and relatively expensive. was not until the advent ubiquitous broadband that reached tipping point. audio and video calling over the internet the ability communicate real-time and the fixed cost the connection became possible and rapidly accessible for the first time, popularised applications such skype, which was founded alongside this, social networking quickly became established, and with the opportunity communicate one-tomany and many-to-many basis with ease that has been unparalleled human history. the mass adoption the smartphone, which began more than ten years ago, completed the now-clear picture the 'always-on' culture. can communicate with anyone, anywhere the world, through range media including voice and video calls, instant text and picture messaging, individually groups, using range devices and for essentially zero marginal cost. 'the internet the most liberating tool for humanity ever invented, and also the best for surveillance. it's not one the other. it's both.' john perry barlow, cyber rights activist this remarkable serious technological and cultural step-changes has resulted opportunities that few would have imagined possible previous generations: new methods and patterns working, new structures business and shifting social norms. but alongside the advantages there have arisen new risks, and the pervasive nature the always-on culture means are often illequipped recognise and mitigate these. connectivity much part life that rarely question it. the surveillance society environment such ubiquitous connectivity and communication, data has become extremely valuable. huge amounts personal information are now routinely harvested range different actors, including state-backed organisations, corporations and hackers. whilst each these have their own motivations, the line between them frequently blurred. state-sponsored hacking becoming commonplace, the case the north korea-instigated hack sony pictures which personal information about employees, their families and the company was released, including emails, information about salaries and even unpublished films. data held the state and corporations may hacked leaked, insiders malicious external parties, and occasionally released inadvertently through oversight and incompetence. 'arguing that you don't care about the right privacy because you have nothing hide different than saying you don't care about free speech because you have nothing say.' edward snowden, nsa whistleblower became public that samsung's smart could used listening device; documents made available wikileaks showed that the cia intended exploit this capability for number similar devices. this ostensibly being carried out the name national security, but the very fact the leak proves that any data collected also prone loss and abuse. similar strategies will doubtless used hackers new techniques and vulnerabilities are made known. high-profile hacks large organisations demonstrate that the standards security are frequently inadequate, with lists millions plaintext user emails, passwords, addresses, social security numbers and more dumped the web. repeated scandals involving celebrity photos have arisen from cloud storage being compromised, either through poor implementation user error. the reality that hyper-connected world, data not safe. inevitably trust our personal data the applications use and the organisations that own and host them. are often complacent about our personal security. re-use passwords and email addresses; carelessness about signing for new services with social media accounts; lack understanding disregard about what happens our data: all these are habitual. more than this, there implicit collusion that our personal data the price using 'free' platforms and applications. corporations collect extensive data about their customers, typically with little oversight explicit permission from users. this information may stored insecurely, and may sold otherwise made available third parties. our position that privacy important and fundamental right for every person. freedom speech critical check the accumulation power, and the ability communicate freely without fear surveillance whether state-backed, corporate malicious individuals pre-requisite for wider societal and personal freedoms. the information age, knowledge truly power. data can and routinely used for profit otherwise the advantage entities whose values are not aligned with those who involuntarily provide their personal information. content and metadata widely accepted that the content unencrypted communications the text, audio and video material monitored, wholesale, state-backed agencies and other organisations. many https://www.cnet.com/uk/how-to/samsung-smart-tv-spying/ http://variety.com//digital/news/wikileaks-smart-tv-surveillance-/ see for example https://arstechnica.com/security///plaintext-passwords-and-wealth-of-other-data-for--million-people-go-public/ cases this will remain passive process, save for when specific information sought and trigger words found. other cases, the authorities will engage directly block access platform subvert discussion well-known strategy employed the chinese government, which believed fake hundreds millions social media posts per year. however, strong encryption becomes more widely available and popular, new techniques have been developed enable effective surveillance. so-called metadata becomes increasingly important: not the content what being communicated, but information pertaining those communications: date, time, type contact (phone call, email, social media post, video/audio call), location participants, duration calls, and any other data provided apps during their usage. some cases, there will financial information that can acquired, such data concerning credit card transactions. whilst individuals may rightly concerned about freedom speech and financial privacy, for businesses the issue becomes acute. even the content communication remains private, financial records can uncover critical information that can used competitors for industrial espionage. companies, suppliers, employees, contractors and customers are all connected intricate web transactions. any leaked information can (and inevitably will) used the advantage competitors and malicious third parties. the early when the cypherpunk movement began advocate the use strong encryption the interests protecting financial privacy, concerns about state-sponsored surveillance and corporate control information, few even the most forward-thinking critics grasped the sheer volume and breadth data would transmit and need protect quarter century later. encryptotel will launch suite tools that will enable user-friendly and secure communication, combining existing applications and technologies with custom-built new ones. privacy right, but one that must exercised actively and deliberately. background and vision encryptotel's vision realise open, reliable and above all secure means communication that can used regardless the users' locations. the company's main product flexible and https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/monkey-cage/wp////the-chinese-government-fakes-nearly-million-social-media-comments-a-year-this-is-why/?utm_term=.aceb comprehensive pbx service that is, internal private network that can shared large number users, but one that can also interface with the external telecommunications network. pbx and ippbx private branch exchange (pbx) internal telephone exchange switching system used within single office organisation. the chief benefits pbx are cost and convenience. using internal system allows employees communicate directly without requiring the use and expense external telephone lines. outgoing calls large number employees may shared just few lines. meanwhile, additional services can integrated with the switching system, such routing calls intercoms and other destinations. some form pbx now the norm for businesses, particularly large organisations, where unnecessary and inefficient rent many external lines. internet protocol pbx (ippbx) systems adopt the same approach the older traditional pbx, with the difference that they use computers and existing internet infrastructure route calls within organisation. this allows for greater efficiencies and versatility, since digital facilities can integrated with the telephone system including message storage and connection voice-over-ip (voip) services while still using limited number lines interface with the external telephone network. since almost every business connected the internet and uses high-speed broadband infrastructure, ippbx offers substantial advantages low cost overhead when compared legacy telecommunications systems. encryptotel will offer virtual ippbx, well easy integration encrypted voip into existing ippbx networks. want offer this service regardless whether our customers are single individual large corporation with many thousands employees. our software and underpinning blockchain infrastructure allows provide for the needs anyone, regardless scale, thanks the economies offers micro-transactions and decentralising operations. without blockchain technology, encryptotel's proposition would simply not economically viable. the idea for encryptotel rooted the development team's experiences working for telecommunications company. familiarity with both traditional telecommunications infrastructure and blockchain technology raised the possibility creating product that was superior anything currently the market. the team has worked full-time the project for several months and has public beta application. crowdsale will provide the funds finish the product high standard and market properly. the opportunity for encryptotel the telecoms market currently one the fastest-growing sectors the economy. whilst the legacy telephone system seeing reduced usage, new internet-based technologies are rapidly expanding, offering significant benefits cost and convenience over older approaches. now possible communicate video chat via skype, facebook messenger and many other platforms using only smartphone, and greater cost than that the internet connection. 'the telecom sector continues critical force for growth, innovation, and disruption across multiple technology industries.' deloitte 'global demand for voip services market was valued over usd billion expected reach above usd billion and anticipated grow cagr above between and due their efficiencies and use now-ubiquitous broadband infrastructure, voip services have the potential drive traditional calls via both landline and mobile telephones out the market. https://www.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/technology-media-and-telecommunications/articles/telecommunicationsindustry-outlook.html http://www.marketresearchstore.com/news/global-voip-services-market-is-expected-to-reach-above- the closest analogue encryptotel would company that provides virtual pbx service, encryptotel will offer, and able sell phone numbers for users anywhere the world. companies that currently have collect and disclose customer information when required regulators. additionally, pbx company accepts cryptocurrency payments and leverages blockchain technology for their underlying infrastructure. the present time this means that encryptotel has direct competitors and offers unique approach and package services. having worked the pbx sector, encryptotel's team familiar with the products that exist the market, has conducted extensive research and has collected feedback from customers about the major problems with current pbx systems. the team's combined experience will applied creating new product that more flexible and wide-ranging than anything currently available, circumventing solving the drawbacks that exist mainstream telecommunications systems and offering many new features. the result the work date application that enables: private communication fast deployment fully-fledged pbx reduction call costs external lines absolutely free and extremely secure communication within the network ability pay with cryptocurrency additional transparency control and monitoring due the nature blockchain technology. encryptotel's approach avoids all the existing disadvantages virtual pbx systems, and adds unique new features. terms payment, the use cryptocurrency offers for the first time genuinely anonymous access the service. result this collection features, encryptotel stands apart from any existing virtual pbx service, holds number competitive advantages, and has the potential occupy significant fraction the market. platform and technology virtual pbx, encryptotel designed highly accessible its customers. will not require any telecommunications infrastructure above internet-connected device (smartphone, tablet, laptop, desktop). office equipment such telephones are not necessary, though these can connected the service via voip gateway desired. any modern can serve this purpose, since simply matter interfacing the network with the regular telephone network. multiplatform, unified approach encryptotel takes multiplatform approach and can used with windows, linux, ios and android. supports video and audio calls, well instant messaging. numerous free apps can used with encryptotel, such zoiper, x-lite and cxphone. these are also multiplatform 'softphone' apps that make audio and video calls over the internet, rather than requiring dedicated hardware. the aim make encryptotel versatile and accessible possible, reducing the frictions getting started with the service near zero. due course will integrate encryptotel with other popular messaging apps including facebook messenger and skype. call encryption the beta version encryptotel already offers traffic encryption based sip/tls technologies. this ensures that basic level encryption set when client-server connection established order avert interception and unauthorised access. encryptotel currently working the development its own secure connection network, which based two network contours (internal and external), and which includes several elements including certification authority, organisation vpn, distributed encrypted file system, https server, and on. the company will implement its own security protocols using certificate encryption based blockchain protocols. user experience due its integration with existing softphone applications, the encryptotel user experience will seamless. customers who use popular apps like zoiper will continue use them the same way, with the difference that the apps will integrated with encryptotel's software and all their calls encrypted. pseudonymous payments explained above, maintaining privacy not simply matter encrypting the content call other communication. metadata available then this can used glean valuable information about the nature, purpose and participants call. financial transactions are particularly valuable this regard, since they are generally linked credit card bank account, offering extensive personal data. cryptocurrency payments will address this flaw current pbx systems. most cryptocurrencies are not strictly anonymous, but pseudonymous. addresses are essentially random strings alphanumeric characters. the blockchain transparent and possible see where money moving, tracing transactions back their source. however, without additional information impossible see who those addresses are associated with. reality, poor practice the part users can leak information and means often possible glean data about who transacting. nevertheless, quite possible ensure privacy through best practice. further services such mixers radically increase the complexity and cost tracing transactions. privacy-centric altcoins such dash and monero provide yet further facilities for protecting the identities cryptocurrency holders. encryptotel will make straightforward for users pay for its services with cryptocurrency, that not only will impossible know what being communicated, but also who communicating. for existing cryptocurrency users, there will external plug-in enable calls directly from the waves lite client allow easy payments. functionality offered encryptotel the following services and more will offered encryptotel. these will charged subscription per-call basis, with discounts offered for payments with the encryptotel token (ett). call redirection. ability redirect incoming call another phone number. example: the user can redirect calls local number, multiple local numbers based who calling and when. two-factor authentication (fa). additional layer protection will offered for services such exchanges and crypto-wallets. example: addition username-password login, users will receive call, text message other authentication details before access granted. encryption and traffic protection. traffic reliably encrypted and protected with the latest encryption protocols. example: for instances such important business negotiations for individuals concerned about privacy for any reason, this functionality will protect data from audio interception and man-in-the-middle (mitm) attacks. free communication. every subscriber will receive free internal number for the network. example: talk within network, one-on-one with group, free charge. hide phone number. phone numbers used for outgoing calls will masked from detection receiving device. example: conduct negotiations and other communication without revealing your direct subscriber's number. scenario execution. this makes possible create scenarios that are executed via sms/mms and calls. example: users can send cryptocurrency predetermined address calling designated number and entering pin-code via their phone's keypad. multiplatformity. encryptotel can used with all operating systems, ip-phones and gateways. example: users will have access deployment and control their pbx via any device mobile terminal, desktop workstation, tablet, etc. conversation recording and data storage. recordings conversations other important data can securely stored. example: optionally turn storage for all negotiations and files. this stored data can only decrypted the owner using encryptotel's integrated blockchain technology. call tracking. monitor traffic resources. example: possible create unique number for every advertisement resource. statistics can downloaded and progress monitored from the user's account. ivr (interactive voice response). voice recognition facilities. example: create pre-recorded instructions for people who call you, optimising processing for incoming calls. video call. face-to-face calling. example: call someone using camera begin live tocamera broadcast. reminders. synchronise your app with your calendar. example: prompt reminders for important events via call sms. api. interact with the encryptotel service the back-end level. example: integrate your crm another system with encryptotel's pbx and gain access all its services, with the opportunity build new facilities top it. and text interaction. perform basic set-up and control for popular messengers using encryptotel's artificial intelligence bot. example: initialize call via telegram, xmpp/jabber client with the help simple message, such 'call the number ... from the usa zone number, then call back the number ... business model encryptotel will charge users for certain services either subscription pay-as-you-go basis, depending the customer's preference. sales and revenues statistics will clearly visible thanks the transparency the blockchain. will occupying the telecommunications market among cryptocurrency and blockchain companies within year, and will attract large number individual users means low tariffs, broad functionality and aggressive advertising policy. having established presence will consolidate and expand this amongst regular users and large companies alike. ett tokens will sold during encryptotel's crowdfund. although different cryptocurrencies will used, ett will bring discounts over other currencies, placing demand way paying for services. subscription per-minute charging want make encryptotel flexible service that allows customers pay however they want. will initially offer two payment structures. pre-paid tariff. this will fixed monthly amount suitable for customers such businesses that make large volumes calls every month. this can come with discount direct number and additional options such ivr, answerphone, call tracking, and on. pay you go. this will entail making calls the standard price, long your account has sufficient funding. customers will always able make secure calls within their pbx network for free. funding milestones encryptotel has already completed working beta version their product (see www.encryptotel.com), with several its core features implemented. further funding required finish development and market the result. encryptotel has outlined series budgets that project will enable complete different scenarios: $,+. this would allow create fully-functional commercial product that could compete the global pbx market. funds raised above this milestone would spent improving stability, implementing new encryption methods and redesigning the user experience for greater accessibility. $,+. realisation encryptotel's own traffic encryption protocol based blockchain technology. this would include the release mobile applications for android and ios for safe and easy communication within pbx. $,,+. this would enable encryptotel's penetration the international market with aggressive policy expansion, allowing occupy more significant fraction the telecommunications industry, including entry into pbx models that are already configured and customised for the most common tasks the bb, and sectors. would allow acquire the necessary licences allow provide customers with telecommunications services and allocate numbers them ourselves. encryptotel team the encryptotel team has extensive experience the fields blockchain technology, sip telephony and cloud pbx development. every member the team has worked telecommunications and its associated technologies for minimum six years and have together been involved far-reaching projects including the creation information systems from scratch. they are experts every aspect the digital currency world, from mining blockchain integration. the team used work together for the same telecommunications company, and its members have known each other for more than five years. was during their time working together that they realised they could revolutionise the digital market for ippbx systems. encryptotel has already built working beta product that can tested prospective customers and investors. the team has previous participated the realisation number projects across the areas required for successful implementation and launch encryptotel, including the creation billing systems, softphone and multifunctional erp systems. moreover, they have sound experience the integration these systems into the business process. encryptotel has already spent considerable time and resources designing their core product and completing working beta. the team's experience will help them address any issue that arises during the implementation process, and they have the track record make such complicated project success. for more information, visit www.encryptotel.com