energi whitepaper version: date: aug the the existing the the mission landscape problem solution value use the energi emission propositions cases platform schedule the the the the treasury backbone masternodes stakehodlers the the the the economics partnerships roadmap team the mission the existing landscape the problem reputation complexity structural financial stability the solution harness energi trust availability awareness usability focus energi value propositions self-funding governance equitability smart contract platform marketing campaigns roi influencer reach-out extra investors hiring thought leaders added value for nrg development treasury $$$ use cases masternode use case stakehodler use case partner use case end-consumer use case the energi platform: business development the energi platform: user protections the energi platform: engineering support the energi platform: marketing systems [figure the emission schedule the treasury the backbone the masternodes masternode rewards [figure the stakehodlers [figure [figure the economics nrg reward system nrg means exchange nrg better for the environment nrg with controls expected monthly emission rate [figure nrg for the future the partnerships exchanges listings wallets other retail partnerships the roadmap and beyond: the leadership team tommy ceo chairman respected thought leader and educator blockchain cryptocurrency community. founder the energi vision. builds teams high quality developers. ryan president oversees all day-to-day operations and heads the development team. people-first approach technology whilst leading example. carolyn operations over years global investment banking experience. highly competent, versatile, finance professional [acca qualified]. greg recruitment over years experience scaling recognized tech companies. builds out teams for companies utilising emerging technology. andrey director technology after reaching principal engineer and software architect positions established corporations, andrey switched consulting for startups software development, operations and continuous delivery. peter snr defence specialist peter certified data protection and security expert with years experience advising corporations. now works with global cryptocurrency exchanges and law enforcement protect energi users. omer change manager after graduating from business school, omer worked business consultant for several large organizations. currently he's dedicated energi full-time strategic change management role team energi has over team members and seeks expand aggressively energi's treasury funding allows. past team experience includes credit suisse, citibank, intel, deutsche bank, accenture, saks fifth avenue, and rbs. the advisors ben tokenomics finance cliff sales finance mike masternodes hiring appendix treasury system for cryptocurrencies: enabling better collaborative intelligence bitcoin whitepaper dash whitepaper references disclaimer