ver may egcc team egcchain.com big data sharing system for car industry based blockchain egcc white paper enginechain egcc team content abstracts statement chapter one engine project overview the application value blockchain technology engine's vision and mission chapter two engine business planning engine vehicle identification engine data ecology engine landing service engine project planning chapter three technical introduction engine chain structure engine user system engine super node engine data storage engine economic system engine consensus mechanism engine technical ground floor typical user diagram chapter four engine governance mechanism and egcc management approach governance mechanism description egcc duty disclosure regular information disclosure temporary information disclosure legal arrangements legal affairs disclaimers chapter five cornerstone organization chapter six version history chapter seven contact egcc team abstracts automobile important means transportation for human beings. the safety, value preservation and disposal the automobiles are related the vital interests owners. according the statistics the international organization motor vehicle manufacturers and the association automobile manufactures, the current global car ownership has exceeded billion, and various sub-sectors such auto finance, transaction, repair, and maintenance are all trillion-level market. for automobile manufacturers, service providers, and insurance companies, the vehicle data, vehicle conditions, and estimated value can accurately quantified; however, for the average car owner, the car complex mechanical construct, the vehicle value assessment and vehicle condition analysis are not just time-consuming but cannot yield accurate conclusions. this also typical feature the "lemon market". information asymmetry, vehicle information arbitrarily tampered with, and the lack credibility vehicle value assessment agencies are the most typical characteristic the "centralization" the current car industry and the biggest bottleneck encountered the development the industry. under the premise integrating the strongest data resources the car industry, the automotive big data ecology built engine through blockchain technology can create unchangeable lifetime digital file for each car. based this file, engine can build more just, transparent and decentralized automobile big data sharing ecology, thus providing consumers with common chain services such car data query, vehicle condition tracking, value assessment, automotive finance and other sub-domains without trust costs, and fundamentally eliminating the automotive industry ecology centralization, information asymmetry, profit distribution links that are not open and transparent. based the shared ecology built blockchain technology, engine products can extended all aspects the automotive industry, bringing the automotive field new era and becoming one the core pillars the future automotive industry. this article will explain detail how engine uses blockchain technology build automotive data ecology. egcc team statement business models such ideas, innovative models, technological means and proposed application scenarios this project are all developed the engine team. this white paper intended only provide potential project participants with the basis for decision-making with respect participation, but not for any other commercial purposes. project participants referring the white paper shall keep relevant business secrets confidential and the engine team reserves the right prosecute offenders there any. egcc team chapter one engine project overview the application value blockchain technology the internet technology solves the communication method, blockchain technology solves the problem mutual trust. blockchain technology non-centralized distributed database and intelligent peer-to-peer network that identifies, disseminates, and records information, also known the value internet. currently being used solve the industry barriers caused the "centralization" brought about information asymmetry, well related problems such monopolistic profits and information fraud. blockchain technology will transform the storage and transmission network data, thus opening new era trust economy. engine's vision and mission engine committed developing into global leading blockchain technology company. what need make use the blockchain core technology build robust and dynamic automotive data ecology, and give full play the power the whole society maintain data, reduce the data cost effectively while solving data ownership and improving the efficiency, and enable global users share and access data equal footing: data collection and sharing platform whether users can share data, gain profits uploading trading, they can search the platform for required data; using blockchain technology solve data trust problem (do endorsements). give full play the power the whole society the early stage mainly the b-side client, but fact public chain. completely open the c-side; the b-side can also have its own side-chain, and "enjoy the right, its duty" the side-chain. awards the ones who contribute and punishment the ones who evil. data ownership acquiescence given the uploader have the right use data, and the same time give different definitions for different data sidechains through smart egcc team contracts and consensus, provide variety solutions facilitate the different users and different data. the above three points are effectively combined form "ecology" chapter two engine business planning engine vehicle identification the first global vehicle full life cycle data sharing platform based the blockchain, engine actively carrys forward the integration informatization and industrialization, and promotes the sustainable development the autoindustry through the realization the open and transparent, traceable and queryable automobile life cycle data, establish "vehicle full life cycle database based vin code" the main line database, provides standardized data services for industry and enterprises, and create global car industry data standard. the vehicle identification number, abbreviated vin, group seventeen alphanumerics that are used cars create unique set numbers that can identify the car's manufacturer, engine, chassis serial number, and other properties. car vin product data -model year -option data -etc car vin car vin -scrap time -scrap place -scrap price second-hand sales data -sales time -users info -dealer info scrapcardata sales data using data -insurance -a/s service -accident history -sales time -sales price -users info egcc team engine data ecology the goal engine create set auto data ecology the blockchain, through pre-project scale data collection and precipitation, and put the data into products with blockchain the underlying technology activate the characteristics the blockchain and transmit the value information, thus reaching the user's pain points and solving existing problems. the same time, individual users and corporate users are mobilized through the owner's service and the entire chain products, urging people and organizations from all walks life participate the joint development value and rewards. data upload data use car vin data create involving product data model year, option data, etc car makers sales data sales dealers/car users sales time, users info, dealer info using data insurance/a/s service second-hand seller/buyer scraped car owners insurance, a/s service, accident history second-hand sales data sales time, sales price, user info data use involving car owners/second-hand buyer /insurance second-hand buyer /insurance car makers/second-hand buyer /insurance car makers/insurance insurance/scraped car owners scrap car data scrap time, scrap place, scrap price egcc reward egcc payment engine landing service based the above concepts and the characteristics decentralized, point-to-point transmission, traceability, tamper-proof, and data security the blockchain, the engine designed solve the pain points the automotive industry, and plans provide the following categories business services: egcc team the second-hand car trading due the opaque vehicle information, buyers and sellers are highly asymmetric information, especially the intentional information concealment the sellers, which greatly affects the user's confidence the second-hand car market and restrains the development the second-hand car industry. based the transparent and tamper-proof nature data blockchain technology, engine can maximally acquire data vehicles from vehicle owners, shops, maintenance centers, and authorized insurance agencies, and mutually verify the data uploaded different users through the data validation system ensure the truthfulness and accuracy the final usable data, which can eliminate the fraud and rent-seeking behavior caused information asymmetry the second-hand car market the maximum extent, and realize the fair trade and sale second-hand cars that can greatly activates second-hand cars market transactions, promote industrial and service upgrading the automotive industry. things related with auto rental based the collected mass data cars, engine will establish more professional and powerful financial evaluation model and risk control model provide all-round services for auto finance services such car leasing, mortgage, and loans, which will effectively complement the traditional auto finance. this will allow more people obtain cars that are line with their own consumption capacity through rational financial planning and help expand the auto market. car insurance through the blockchain automotive hardware model, sensors are installed the vehicle, data sensed are recorded real time, through the blockchain's consensus mechanism and irreversible features, the accident data can disclosed accurately when out danger. provides the effective basis for the insurance compensation, prevents the disputes between the insurance claims, improve the efficiency and accuracy insurance claims, and the same time address the occurrence insurance fraud. the same time, through data collection, effectively marks the user's own driving behavior and provide more reliable basis for insurance companies calculate insurance premiums, and can achieve the breakthrough and innovation the insurance. auto parts the prosperous auto parts market, due the refinement the social division labor, unlawful profiteers use information asymmetries and loopholes the "production supply sales consumption" process obtain illegal profits and bring rights and interests infringement between users and enterprises. through the blockchain technology internet things model, the supply chain information products can effectively tracked, and the counterfeit goods the auto parts market can prevented egcc team efficiently. car owner service provides traditional internet services such vehicle value assessment, car purchase calculator, fuel consumption calculator, driver's license checking and traffic violations inquiry. engine project planning from august engine has been undergoing full months preparatory work. the past one and half years, engine has established mature team with rich experience online operations and the ability lay down data channels offline. engine test chain was released on-line april the same time, through continuous updates and iterations, the official mainchain expected released september and the first sidechain and corresponding applications will released december the same year. then, egcc holders and ordinary users will able use egcc query car data the platform. the same time, engine will also publish the industry leading business partner the factory-installed product data source field, who are about reach strategic cooperation. the data collection level, engine has collected relevant vehicle verses and added vehicles and data daily. what have done and what will done form the following timetable: july data purchase agreement with second-hand car dealers under years' line december collect car data august market research and industry analysis april engine alpha release january egcc release january white paper release october achieving daily average vehicles and thousands data acquisition capabilities december september engine version officially engine. added with sidechain version line launched november completion start-up team egcc team chapter three technical introduction based the understanding the existing technologies and the combination engine's vision building auto data ecology, have put forward alliance chains different authorized user systems, and the same time built main sidechain groups meet the needs different users the ecology and the needs different businesses. engine chain structure chain group mode order ensure the availability the chain data, and significantly increase the data write rate (blockchain transaction processing speed one the important business considerations), scalability and different authorization management mechanisms, engine uses the original "base chain eco-sidechain" chain group model realize the interaction between the main and the sidechains, and build the data ecology through self-developed smart contracts, the same time, support multiple chain expansion, which effectively increase the transaction rate, while promoting the construction ecological mechanisms. mainchain the mainchain the ecological source the chain group. its importance that carries the principle consensus between the mainchain and sidechain (super node election, sidechain business model, etc.), records the main information new vehicles, smart contract issuance, sidechains data snapshots, etc., facilitate the expansion sidechains while avoiding over-inflation mainchain data and improving the robustness the blockchain. sidechain sidechain the result the evolution data ecology. mainly divided into vehicle data sidechains, transaction sidechains, credit chains, and other functional sidechains. has pluggable capabilities, and the number and types sidechains can adaptively scaled with business growth. the specific classification sidechains described follows: data sidechain: equipped with the value data engine, according the different types data sources, structure types, etc. can divided into four categories: basic vehicle information, raw materials, factory-installed products, and aftermarket-installed products. spe- egcc team cific, can also divided into parts, vehicles, distribution information (including second-hand car transactions), repair and maintenance data, insurance data, driving data, scrap data, etc. the same time, the number sidechains the engine system can flexibly expanded support different types data that may arise the future, thus forming full life cycle data car. different types data are stored different chains, ensuring the sameness their respective chains, and the different sidechains form the overall integrity and unity. trading sidechain: recording data transactions between users the entire engine ecology, ensuring the data sidechain's purity data, supporting multi-joint expansion, and increasing the data transaction rate; the same time, taking into consideration that use single-chain storage the same user's consumption information prevent the "double spending" the currency. credit sidechain: taking into account the effective development the entire ecology, engine uses independent credit chain record the credit performance users throughout the ecology, ensuring the accuracy the data itself and the feasibility the transaction. foundation, users enterprise users can access the data through the credit sidechain data interface and process the data. others: with the development engine, new requirements and applications will born; will reserve multiple sidechains, such the index chain after the data becomes huge, the independent rating chain buyers and sellers, and the special data storage chain. engine user system engine divides users into types and gives them different permissions. for more convenient storage and usage different scenarios, store user data distributed database managed the foundation and the same time build authorization system protect the entire engine system. anonymous user this unsigned guest the engine. the anonymous state, the user can browse the basic data stored the mainchain and the partially open data the sidechain. this mode, the user has other rights. registered users only need submit basic information become registered user. egcc team registered users have access the basic data stored the mainchain, well data open registered users the sidechain, and have two-way transaction data rights. business users business users are only open companies that hold car industry documents. business users need submit relevant materials for public voting and certification. addition the rights registered users, corporate users can compete for super nodes, and then enjoy super-privilege for maintaining sidechains. engine super node order ensure the orderliness and vitality the entire ecology, engine has also prepared super nodes for ecological partners. the super node not only enjoys the priority bookkeeping rights, but also has the right participate maintaining the data sidechain, corresponding the obligation fulfill the maintenance data, including setting standards, setting transaction standards and incentive mechanisms, desensitizing and privacy protection, and maintaining the authenticity the data this sidechain, etc., the same tome enjoy the right the profit the corresponding side chain transactions, data ownership, and other rights. first all, the user obtains such rights through the unique super node voting mechanism the engine. when participating the super node voting, necessary establish the goals and business rules for maintaining the sidechain data. after the successful election, the foundation will record corresponding information the mainchain, and give the super node the corresponding rights through smart contracts. engine data storage engine adheres the following principles the data storage: privacy protection this privacy protection differs from the privacy protection the user authorization management system. for highly confidential data and data concerning user privacy, the engine only stores the hash value the data the chain. egcc team structured addition hash data, the chain stores only strictly structured data ensure data availability. capacity feasibility large-capacity data, such picture information, video information, etc., are stored according the unique hash method, which not only ensures that the data cannot tampered with, but also prevents the disadvantages infinite chain. engine economic system digital assets the engine planning project, tentative that only users holding egcc have the right trade the value data carried the sidechain, and the users who upload the sidechain value data can also receive corresponding egcc rewards after actual transactions occur. asset migration with the development the engine business, expected that december the conversion egcc from the existing erc public chain token the engine chain currency will start. engine consensus mechanism the consensus mechanism the core technology the blockchain. engine supports algorithm pluggable method and stipulates the algorithms and protocols the consensus process. the case multi-participation, the final agreement reached according the predetermined rules. consensus algorithms mainly include dpos, pbft, and raft. based this, engine forms the vdpos algorithm (dynamically adjusts the authorization and interest certification mechanism). vdpos can adjust the number trusted agent nodes and support the entry and exit trusted agent nodes. according the historical performance the data provided the agent node, graded incentive made according pre-established rules encourage agent nodes provide high-confidence data and provide sound development environment for the entire ecology. egcc team engine technical ground floor based the principle "safe, efficient, open and innovative", engine technical ground floor mainly composed consensus mechanism, smart contract, sidechain management, network communication, and record storage, and monitors the entire engine service throughout the entire life cycle. each node can deployed specified server cluster containerized operation mode through user configuration, and supports flexible expansion. the system automatically repairs fault nodes ensure the reliability blockchain applications. smart contracts smart contracts are the soul the blockchain. the engine provides turing-complete contract containers that support user-defined contracts, including contract registration, triggering, execution, and logout. future plans support multilingual contracts. currently trading and browsing key smart contract throughout the blockchain the cornerstone the entire data ecology. sidechain management generally, the blockchain mainly single-chain. engine innovatively supports the multi-sidechain mode. the sidechain interacts with the mainchain through smart contracts. before the creation, key information such data structure, life cycle, and main maintenance side must defined. the sidechain will greatly expand the entire engine's data storage capabilities. network communication point-to-point network communication responsible for the transmission message data between nodes and services. engine uses dynamic, self-organizing network with multiplexing and connection sharing. compatible with existing security facilities such firewalls and proxy servers provide point-to-point networking, and secure and reliable data transmission. record storage data records use blockchain structure. any tampering with historical data can found self-verification. the storage medium supports variety methods, including databases, file systems, cloud storage, where the file system conforms standard file protocols. the database mainly distributed database. interface adaptation engine provides variety interface adaptations, including sdk packages and restful apis, for easy access the blockchain. users can use the above methods invoke smart contract access blockchain systems. operation monitoring responsible for the process deployment, configuration egcc team changes, contract settings, and the visual output the status blockchain operation, such transaction volume, network status, and node status. typical user diagram browsing the car basic data: the user can view the basic data the mainchain and some sidechains without logging in. the value data the sidechain cannot browsed, and there right submit data and purchase data. egcc team report data and purchase data: after registering and logging in, the user can report data the mainchain and the sidechain. the value data reported has generated transaction, the egcc transaction award can obtained. you see the data you are interested in, you can also get value data spending egcc. enterprise users can participate super nodes selection gain super rights maintain side-chains and formulate side-chain ecological rules. egcc team chapter four engine governance mechanism and egcc management approach governance mechanism description the three-level governance structure the egcc holders' assembly, autonomous committee, and executive committee consists technical committee, application committee, finance committee, legal affairs and risk control committee, and market and public relations committee. the specific tasks each department are follows: technical committee responsible for the technical management engine. the specific tasks include open source code management, code development, code modification, code testing, code review, code on-line, and bug fixes. application committee responsible for application scene landing after the online domainchain, upper chain data checking, information disclosure upper chain assets, and upper chain assets exchange and management. ()finance committee responsible for the use and review btc for the entire project exchange, project development, daily operations, staffing expenses and planning arrangements, etc. legal affairs and risk control committee responsible for the registration domestic and foreign companies, review various types agreements, and give professional advice legal affairs. market and public relations committee the market and public relations committee mainly serves the blockchain community and responsible for technology promotion, product promotion, commercial cooperation and external publicity. egcc team egcc egcc native asset the engine blockchain. value measurement the digital mapping physical automotive assets the engine blockchain. the only approved transaction value subject matter the engine system platform, and its value will increase with the development engine's entire ecology. engine, egcc can specifically used exchange required car data queries, perform car valuations, publish information, etc. the total amount egcc fixed billion, and will never add up. the external issuance method only exchange, and the proportion exchange accounts for the total, that is, billion egcc. ethereums are planned exchanged. promotional activities such commercial operations take i.e., billion egccs. the project foundation holds i.e., billion egccs, and business expansion, data collection and other operating activities are reserved for i.e., billion egccs. duty disclosure the designated website for information disclosure engine its official website: egcchain.com. regular information disclosure engine will prepare and disclose annual report within three months from the first date each fiscal year and disclose quarterly report within two months from the end each quarter. such reports include, but are not limited to, milestones and progress engine's technology development, management its digital assets, performance the engine team, etc. temporary information disclosure the engine foundation should timely report major cooperation, changes core team members, lawsuits involving engine, etc. egcc team legal arrangements legal affairs founded overseas, the engine foundation should consult local lawyers case matters requiring legal advice. disclaimers egcc donators shall understand that engine will not make any express implied warranties within the framework the law and egcc given donators "as is" basis. additionally, donators shall understand that case will engine return the donations. chapter five cornerstone organization egcc team chapter six version history time version content changes june outline and framework july version main application scenarios car assessment july version main application scenarios second-hand cars july version main application scenarios second-hand cars august version full industry chain application scenarios august version full industry chain application scenarios (update technical part) august version full industry chain application scenarios (exchange digital assets) october v.. update the latest technological framework december correction iov standard data set for factory-installed products january determination early investors january v.. cornerstone investment institutions added may reconstruction chapter seven contact website: www.egcchain.com e-mail: bd@egcchain.com