white paper enjin (r) pte ltd september, for informational purposes only nothing this paper constitutes offer solicitation sell shares securities enjin (r) pte ltd any related company. introduction enjin (r) the largest gaming community creation platform online: aming ommunities across thousands games. million registered amers launched ased singapore lobal views per month gaming focused content management system and forum creator millions usd per month irtual oods sales across enjin ommunity tores enjin(r) introducing enjin coin ("enj"), new cryptocurrency (erc- token) and smart contract platform that gives game developers, content creators and gaming communities the required crypto-backed value and tools for implementing and managing virtual goods. the enjin platform will have full support for these tokens the next months. enjin will develop powerful framework open-source software development kits (sdks), wallets, game plugins, virtual item management apps and payment gateway platform. join launching the ost usable ryptocurrency for gaming njin internal data june https://www. enjin .com/ communities uantcast data for enjin network: https://www. quantcast .com/p-efqtuiynec whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd table contents purpose backed communities creators challenges solutions market industry growth global gaming market virtual goods market mobile game market enjin coin adoption enjin team platform features technical considerations tokens smart contracts public api create manage virtual goods community integration decentralized payment gateway easy automatic payments the enjin "smart" wallet virtual goods store subscriptions escrow for virtual items game top lists game integration sdks token crowdsale funding allocation development roadmap important links support whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd purpose virtual goods the blockchain decentralized platform manage, distribute, and trade virtual goods. giving gamers and content creators new model virtual ownership. the first easy use gaming cryptocurrency enjin coin the first cryptocurrency with authentic purpose for online gamers. earn and trade virtual goods the most popular gaming community creation platform online. sdks for the game industry enjin coin platform made for the game industry. sdks for multiple languages, wallets and payment platforms will available and completely open-source. new gaming experience with real ownership value online gamers can bring trade their assets from game game, community community, growing their digital wallet with real value they play. solution fraud high fees for every legitimate virtual item purchase, items are lost fraud,. enjin coin minted tokens will create trust and security with minimal transaction fees. marketer: the rising tide in-app fraud https://www.emarketer.com/article/rising-tide-of-in-app-fraud/ psalar study virtual items fraud: ttps:// apsalar .com///latest- apsalar data -on-in- app -click-and-iap- fraud whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd backed ommunities reators millions engaged gamers enjin's millions highly engaged users socialize and work together create unique communities, game content, and virtual economies. providing the tools they need, enjin empowers these creators monetize their content. game value content creation sandbox games, such minecraft, are the most popular games enjin. sing enjin coin will promote culture passion, collaboration, and pride giving players more control over their game content. players that feel valued will keep coming back, and increase revenue and engagement for publishers and content makers. enjin adopts enjin coin enjin uniquely positioned the virtual goods market promote and establish cryptocurrency. give gamers, communities and game creators high quality tools for monetizing their gaming world. whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd challenges payment raud estimated that for every legitimate virtual purchase made, there are virtual items lost fraud,. assets stored and managed online can open manipulation chargebacks. merchants have deal with extra burdens, and scammers damage the game's reputation. high fees and slow ransactions game publishers and ommunities rely third-party platforms process irtual goods transactions gamers encounter slowness, opaque fund flow, and high transaction fees. lack true ownership rarity virtual items are, in-essence, licensed the gamer and are often only available for use their proprietary platforms. times they can manipulated, lost, taken back with little recourse for the user. genuine transparency missing. locked and centralized digital items and currencies are usually locked single game and not transferable. trading items outside the game environment cumbersome and difficult. player gets banned, they can lose all their items and currency. open standards there are currently widely-accepted standards for decentralized currencies and assets games. the user experience often afterthought, users don't know what expect. expensive time-consuming developing platform for managing virtual goods time-consuming and costly. the complexity managing virtual economy proprietary infrastructure delays time market. security concerns introduce further set difficulties. lack value gamification value based gamification features are lacking content management systems and forum software. users not get rewarded real world value for participation contribution. emarketer: the rising tide in-app fraud ttps://www.emarketer.com/article/rising-tide-of-in-app-fraud/ psalar study virtual items fraud: ttps:// apsalar .com///latest- apsalar data -on-in- app -click-and-iap- fraud aypal stripe: per sale. visa/mastercard: .%-% sales. whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd solutions enjin will develop tools that enable game publishers, game servers, and communities manage virtual goods and in-game items across multiple platforms. monetization using enjin coin will key focus with robust features and toolsets provided. great benefits will gained utilizing decentralized platform and the supporting frameworks. benefits for communities gamify your website and mobile community with custom enjin coins increase user participation and contribution forums and walls. automate rewards and setup variety condition based triggers. tie-in your community rewards with in-game goods servers games. benefits for ame publishers content creators create new tokens represent virtual currencies, game items, privileges. create and manage virtual goods programmatically via app. create time limited subscription based virtual goods. mint non-fungible items special edition items. setup virtual goods store. run decentralized payment gateway with middle-man. transparent transactions. setup reports and commission systems. fraud, chargebacks, cancellations. minimal fees for blockchain transactions and commission fees. open-source suite apis and sdks for every popular platform and engine. smart wallets that facilitate easy automatic payments from users. easily setup site and mobile community with full virtual goods integration. benefits for amers buy sell items with risk fraud. trade between gaming items from different games using bancor for liquidity take your currency with you across any community game and retain value. own valuable currency and rare items that can never taken away. use enjin's marketplace and social network find and trade game items. earn enjin coins playing games. convert custom virtual goods directly back enjin coins and retain value. earn coins participating communities and posting forums. buy in-game items thousands game servers and games that support enj. prove ownership items showing them off website widgets. njin bancor: https://medium.com/@coinfork/bancor-enjin-partner-and-pre-sale-is-extended-bd whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd market industry growth global aming arket the global gaming market experiencing explosive growth, reaching us$.bn and projected us$.bn enjin pte ltd headquartered singapore, providing the perfect springboard further target the chinese, japanese and korean markets. the growth came from asia-pacific countries. global ames market ewzoo eport apr initial target audience minecraft one the most popular video games the world, with over million monthly players. enjin unique position because our large existing minecraft user-base. the unity game engine has combined million users across all games, and top free mobile games are made with unity. this along with unity's strong presence indie games why enjin coin will developing unity sdk early. ttps://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-will-reach---billion-in--with-mobile-taking-/ http://ca.ign.com/articles////minecraft-has--million-monthly-players--million-sales thirty-four percent top games are made with unity: ttps://unityd.com/public-relations whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd virtual goods market estimated that, the overall value the global social gaming market reach us$.bn. virtual oods, advertisements, and lead generation offers are the main revenue generation sources the global ocial gaming market among these, the irtual goods segment likely expand the fastest compound annual growth rate over the forecast period. where virtual goods are purchased among the buyers, about third are buying once month and quarter are buying once week. revenue from the different content types virtual goods ocial gaming market ttp://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ social-gaming-market .html models ttps://venturebeat.com////free-to-play-virtual-goods-business-models-gaining-steam-in-games/ whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd median spent digital goods content type content ype from party sites from party sites in-game urrency subscription codes armor equipment maps/levels weapons virtual gifts power ups mobile ame market with the recent release the enjin mobile app, featuring communities, forums, wall feeds, messaging, notification, rich content creation, and friends management, enjin growing rapidly the mobile app sector. billion gamers across the globe are expected generate us$. billion game revenues mobile the most lucrative segment, claiming the market. mobile gaming will represent just more than half the total games market. revenue content type: playspan vgmarket digital goods spending report: http://slideplayer.com/slide// njin mobile app android: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.enjin.mobile&hl=en ios: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/enjin-community-for-gamers/id?mt= obile game market ttps://newzoo.com/insights whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd njin oin adoption coins ommunity owners months following the enjin coin crowdsale and the deployment the wallet and core enj features, coins will slowly released approximately verified gaming communities enjin. the amount coins each community receives will calculated based their previous store volume sales, member count, audience visits and various website activity metrics. adoption bounty program early adoption bounty program will put place for any game, server, community that begins utilization the enj coin with verified history monetizing game content. anticipate huge demand enjin coins roll our enjin cms integration features out communities. sponsorships artners enjin will partnering with game developers and popular game servers players higher distribute enjin coins part bundles, in-game tournament prizes subscription bonuses. ased enjin internal community data and analytics. whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd enjin team enjin's team has proven capabilities and experience software engineering, marketing, blockchain technologies, and business operations. have solid reputation the industry, and long work history together. maxim blagov ceo creative director co-founder enjin. visionary and creative director with years expertise creative direction, project management, and design. expert concept strategy development for large interactive applications, specializing the video gaming industry. witek adomski cto co-founder enjin. witek has overseen the technical engineering enjin for nearly decade. champions best-practices software design, security and testing. leading the enjin coin currency implementation and integration within the online gaming ecosystem. josh oelfel full stack engineer josh perfectionist and team leader with extensive experience full stack development. specializing react, php javascript, has developed numerous full scale applications being used millions users enjin today. pioneered the transition react across the platform. vyacheslav volkov objective-c engineer technical lead c#, objective-c and java. vyacheslav directs the development the enjin android and ios app. proven ability create complex, and versatile enterprise level applications with optimal design and architecture. whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd lilia pritchard marketing operations years marketing experience, well versed establishing partnerships with industry-leading game publishers, and the ground social media and community interactions spanning millions users. possesses valuable insights into strategic trends, and strong ability execute campaigns. brad bayliss security analyst full stack engineer over years programming, security research, quality assurance and network management. brad dedicated towards ensuring safe and secure network infrastructure for the millions users and sites the enjin platform. evan lindsay java game server engineer java programmer and lead developer the enjin minecraft plugin, used over game servers. over five years experience working with game and network server implementations. specialized game programming and core java technologies. chris irasawa quality assurance community manager over years experience the gaming industry, chris responsible for driving the software development process toward quality-centric methodologies. lead technical support and bridging communication between management and community. whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd advisors pat labine gaming technical advisor pat labine brings over years engineering and gaming production experience the team. twelve years critically acclaimed rpg maker ioware working the jade empire, mass effect, dragon age, and new franchises gameplay programmer, technical director, and producer project director. robin hanson advisor social science and economics robin hanson associate professor economics george mason university and research associate oxford's future humanity institute. invented the market scoring rules behind the hugely successful gnosis and ugur tokens. expert idea futures and markets, and was involved the creation the foresight institute's foresight exchange and futuremap project. ryan lackey security advisor renowned security expert, ryan security advisor for tezos and the founder multiple security startups including havenco, cryptoseal, and resetsecurity. he's fascinated how security technology can enhance individual liberty for people around the world. daniel business development economics advisor over yrs experience business development and management consulting, co-founder the lo&behold group former consultant for monitor group asia and practicing physician singapore. frederick eartline advisor original cyberpunk and raver. cryptocurrency evangelist, co-founder decentral vancouver, co-creator and co-host salontalks and #blocktalk. longtime gpu miner. btc, eth and tech lover. currently spreading the gospel (and from) hanoi, vietnam. whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd latform features technical considerations today's gamers and website users demand fast and snappy user interfaces. the ethereum network currently limited throughput because has average block time seconds (potentially seconds). uture updates ethereum aim improve block times seconds (casper) and allow transfers within milliseconds (raiden). both these updates are planned for late early the standard block times may impose some delays, will achieve modern responsive experience using off-chain notifications. trusted platforms will send instant notification the user's smart wallet for each transaction request. when the transaction accepted the user and created the blockchain, the wallet will call the trusted platform api with the transaction watch. the game website can then updated immediately with placeholder item non-tradeable version the asset until enough confirmations are reached allow full ownership the item. the case in-game currencies, the user's balance would immediately update the game but any unconfirmed portions would locked from spending until the appropriate number confirmations are reached the blockchain. the enjin coin sdk will display confirmed and unconfirmed balances when listing enj and custom assets, make implementation easy and clear. after raiden and casper updates are deployed the ethereum network, these safeguard measures will eventually become imperceptible. enjin will testing the raiden network for lightning-fast asset confirmation speeds soon the developer and minimum viable product (mvp) releases are completed, later this year. thereum casper early benchmarks https://twitter.com/vitalikbuterin/status/?lang=en aiden network http://raiden.network/ aiden network milestones https://github.com/raiden-network/raiden/milestones whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd tokens mart ontracts will deploy enjin coin and virtual assets erc tokens the ethereum network. ethereum the most popular and widely supported smart contract blockchain, with huge development community and robust language support. believe has strong future game development and creating the new decentralized internet. collection smart contracts will provide core functionality the blockchain: the mint, payment gateway contract, smart wallet contract, subscription contract, custom coin registry, and toplist contracts. public api enjin will ost public latform api using the json-rpc protocol with methods for checking account balances and accessing each the above smart contracts. this will allow websites display data internet users without requiring web wallet extension installed the web browser. token standard ttps://github.com/ethereum/eips/issues/ whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd create anage virtual goods games and communities can mint unique in-game items, currencies, and privilege tokens using enjin coins the parent currency. these assets can converted back into enjin coins anyone holding them, the original exchange rate which they were minted. minting custom coins web, mobile app and api-based user interfaces the mint smart contract will developed make asset creation and management simple process. the following parameters define new custom asset: name icon maximum supply decimal places exchange ate access list data once created, mint smart contract will cloned and registered the singleton registry smart contract, which will allow custom assets recognized all smart wallets. the custom asset may now minted anyone the access list sending enjin coins the new mint smart contract. the name, icon and access list properties may updated any time the mint contract owner. whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd exchanging coins the mint contract stores all enj coins used mint each unit custom coin. enjin wallets provide interface xchange custom coins back enjin coins that are contained the mint contract. this provides liquidity and the option backing custom assets with known enj value. economically, any custom assets created with enj will decrease the number enj circulation, preserving and increasing the value the enj ecosystem over the long term. custom coins that gain their own intrinsic value inside the gaming ecosystem will held and traded further the community, while others could traded back regain their original enjin coin value giving all users easy liquidity. custom coins game items the same mechanism for minting custom coins may used represent unique game items. this scenario, enjin coins would used mint one more custom coins representing game item that has value tied it. whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd unique items non-fungible items may issued the time minting including unique data such the original player who owns the item, the date was minted, the boss monster was looted from, other irreproducible data infused into that specific unit. item trading economies using decentralized assets allows gamers trade with each other utside the game environment, and even trade and establish value across multiple different games custom coins will compatible with any external exchange that supports ethereum tokens. additionally, enjin will developing marketplace, wish-lists, and auction features directly inside the enjin social network and activity feed system facilitate trading. the power custom coins privilege tokens custom coins will added the existing access controls used across the enjin cms and can used powerful method delegating power. for example, website owner may sell limited number "ad" tokens that allow uploading the news page message board. game, custom "chest key" token could required open chests containing rare items. whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd community integration enjin coin features will ntegrated across the entire enjin cms platform and natively supported over existing gaming websites. going past the enjin cms, njin will develop phpbb, vbulletin, xenforo and other forum and cms integrations part the open-source platform api that will allow even more internet communities easily adopt enjin coins into their websites and games. open-source php and nodejs sdks will give web developers easy access all enjin coin features and functionality for custom website and api integrations. reward automations the existing automation system the enjin cms platform can reward coins user accounts based powerful combinations conditions and triggers various reward system can setup for user participation the forum and other website activities. forum boards the enjin cms includes incredibly feature-rich forum system currently powering everything from small teams giant communities with over million users participating their message boards. forum votes and points will extended with the ability display custom coins. tipping will added the forums that coins can tipped users with few simple clicks (and this action would displayed the thread). donations group pay many websites accept donations instead using store especially smaller esports clans guilds made friends. enjin coins will now payment option the donation module and stretch goals. promotion advertising the enjin platform enjin's extremely popular wall system will upgraded with post promotion system which accepts enjin coins the payment method. promoted wall posts can targeted specific games and interests within the audience million engaged gamers. whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd decentralized payment gateway the platform sdk makes creating complex decentralized payment gateway breeze. designed allow for unique new payment structures which can reduce accounting work and increase trust between merchants and customers. build your own customized gateway all backend functionality necessary build paypal-like gateway will included the platform sdk. provider, you can implement your own desired features, such carts, web invoices, email/sms notifications, refunds and more building the open-source code and examples provided the sdk. payment widget part the javascript sdk release, the payment widget will allow websites easily accept payments enjin coins and custom coins any website. the widget may connected any payment gateways built the sdk. plugins will available for major open-source and commercial carts such magento, drupal, shopify, volusion, zen cart and others. native support for custom coins the gateway smart contract can configured accept all enj-based coins list specific token types. the javascript payment widget and shop plugins will identify and display all supported custom coins, along with logos and associated metadata. built-in fees other than very small ethereum transaction fees, complete payment gateways can created and built-in fees costs are imposed multiple payees exciting new feature the payment gateway platform multiple payees. incoming funds can contractually divided between more than one account. payees may pull their allocated funds from the gateway smart contract. consider these potential use cases: profit sharing, provider fees, charity prize fund. whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd easy automatic payments using novel smart wallet transaction mechanism, can allow faster, easy use automatic payments the ethereum network, while maintaining the high level security that the blockchain allows. the user will approve games and websites being trusted platforms that can initiate transaction request. the user's wallet (mobile pc) will prompt for confirmation whenever transfer funds new subscription requested. in-game purchase scenario whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd the enjin "smart" wallet key component making everything easy use the enjin wallet. building existing light wallet design, the enjin wallet streamlines the user experience further integrating with games and websites that the user trusts. user accounts each trusted platform will synced the user's ethereum address. call this "smart" wallet because multiple pieces functionality that work together simplify the user experience: the platform api used correlate verified gaming and website accounts. transaction requests are sent from trusted platforms directly the wallet. subscriptions are confirmed and managed each local wallet. transaction limits and thresholds enforced the wallet's smart contract. smart contracts are used the background for data displayed clean ui. local rules can set for accepting and automating transaction requests. concept: user transaction management trusted platforms the user can define list trusted apis the wallet settings, ranging from the enjin api itself, trusted game publishers, any third party running the platform api. the wallet able receive push notifications, receive transaction requests and sync user accounts from each trusted platform. user can send enj coins another user trusted platform looking their username and the wallet will find matching contacts and their associated account address. whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd transaction requests instead forcing users copy and paste account addresses receive risky web-injected transaction commands, each trusted platform will send transaction request the wallet. the user will prompted with some useful information about the transaction and can accept deny with single click. this creates lean and seamless user experience and prevents the confusion and uncertainty typically associated with blockchain wallets. rules thresholds rules and thresholds can defined prevent undesired transactions. piece game logic creates transactions that exceed the thresholds, the wallet will display the pending queue transaction requests, and prompt the owner for confirmation. rules can defined very narrowly, such "allow sending single enjin coin reward once daily." changing any these settings will require hour safety delay and alert the user pending setting update. mobile wallet the enjin wallet will also exist mobile (ios/android) application and implement the same features mentioned above. many users will prefer accept transactions their phone while playing game their pc. the mobile wallet can set-up quickly scanning code that contains settings. the mobile app will receive push notifications from enjin and any trusted platforms. transaction request pushed, the mobile wallet will verify funds exist and ask the user accept deny the coin transaction. this will allow players in-game easily send coin transactions using their phone the authentication device. concept: wallet with enj and custom in-game items and currencies. whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd virtual goods store create store minutes game assets can represented with custom coins, and the process reating shop for in-game items privileges already straightforward with enjin websites hosted enjin platform can associate specific wallet containing enj and custom coins the website account. this would link any sellable assets the enjin store module admin panel and these could listed for sale in-game and the website priced enjin coins, custom coins, bitcoin, litecoin, ethereum fiat currency. donationcraft donationcraft powerful shopping cart and ecommerce system used tens thousands enjin communities daily and currently processing millions dollars per month virtual item purchases and subscriptions. supports powerful api, in-game purchases, validates game characters and allows for website automation using triggers and purchase conditions. whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd subscriptions the enjin wallet opens exciting, unprecedented new feature for cryptocurrencies: the ability reate real subscription services server owners and community owners will able provide time-based services like power-ups, ranks, unlock website content for subscribed users. subscriptions involve parties: merchant account with permissions withdraw from the subscription smart contract. subscriber the customer with enjin smart wallet installed and balance enjin coins. trusted platform the api that creates subscription terms between the merchant and subscriber, and pushes this subscription request the subscriber's wallet. subscription request containing metadata about the subscription sent the smart wallet accepted. this will initiate smart contract relationship between the subscriber and merchant. the smart wallet will automatically send funds the smart contract regular intervals, and the merchant will only permitted withdraw funds which have been accounted for, based elapsed time. the subscriber may choose cancel anytime refunded for the remainder the subscription interval. whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd escrow for virtual items trading platform escrow system using smart contracts allows multiple parties trade any number game items and currencies safely. party will initiate the contract: token(s) offered one more sets token types accepted trade party can now check the contract and send any one the accepted sets tokens. the first matching set tokens will release the offered items party this can used for simple player-to-player trades aided the smart wallet in-game identify the correct item types and accept the trade with tap click. can also used for on-chain digital goods marketplace party may accept various types tokens, for example: enjin coins or.. sword or.. helmet breastplate gloves boots the first buyer sending any the accepted item sets will complete the escrow transaction. whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd game top lists toplists allow people ank games, servers, teams, any other item this very popular with game servers that solicit player votes pay toplist websites ranked higher. the toplist format being implemented decentralized smart contract with rules that enable market bidding democratic voting. the public nature the blockchain can reduce unfair corruption manipulation toplists. the creator the list receives all coins spent add items vote. this incentivizes list creators promote and market their list their audiences. list can configured with cost add items and cost per vote. these may priced enj specific custom coin type. the settings available toplists allow range ranking schemes, from simple democratic votes (one vote per identity), plutocratic votes (wealthiest voters ruling), somewhere between. democratic lists may created using limited set custom coins that are automatically sent each long-term member community. this kind distribution already possible using automations the enjin cms, example. whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd game integration sdks open-source sdks java c++ ios swift android for the web, php and nodejs sdks will enable the creation custom apis and web services used games and websites. unity plugin unity popular cross-platform game engine used over million developers. the unity sdk will allow creation transaction requests, reading account balances, creation subscriptions, and querying oplists minecraft plugin the enjin minecraft plugin will include ethereum light client and communicate with the enjin api. new features will added that allow servers initiate transaction requests for both the server and for players themselves. spigot, sponge, and forge servers will supported since these are the most popular plugin platforms for minecraft the pc. unturned plugin are developing plugin support unturned, popular multiplayer survival game with rich third-party plugin framework. permissions and items will linked enjin coin assets, and most features from the enjin minecraft plugin will ported for unturned. unreal development kit udk powerful game engine used many high-budget games well indie titles. c++ library will developed with similar features the unity sdk above. whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd token crowdsale allocation only billion enj tokens will ever created. the enj tokens are intended allocated follows: (,,) sold enjin pre sale purchasers pursuant simple agreement for future tokens ("saft") offering through enjin approved affiliates. (,,) sold enjin crowdsale purchasers minus any bonuses applied the pre-sale. the enjin coin pre-sale sold out september and there are approximately remaining tokens available for the public sale. (,,) reserved the company incentivize community, beta testers, marketing and strategic partners. ,,) distributed the company the enjin coin team and advisors. unsold tokens team vesting any unsold tokens presale into public sale. team tokens are locked for the first months, and will vested over period months total. team members will transferred their tokens after months, and then every months afterward. the team list may updated during the month vesting period. advisor tokens are locked for months and distributed fully. any unsold tokens from crowdsale are locked for months and will into the marketing and partnership pool. whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd presale presale ended september and presale hard-cap was reached. usd $,, raised during presale eth) enj tokens sold (m) public crowdsale enj tokens are intended sold the following rates: eth week week week week enj enj enj enj crowdsale start and end date the crowdsale will begin a.m. pdt october rd, (the "launch date and end p.m. pdt october st, when sold out. check the official website: enjincoin.io for further information. how can participate? detailed instructions along with the contribution address will posted the official website: njincoin.io how are funds secured? all funds collected during the crowdsale will deposited secure multi-sig wallet. keys will held executive directors enjin pte. ltd. making that all outgoing transactions have verified multiple parties. the crowdsale smart contract code enjin's github will public and available for audit anyone. eth exchange rates are subject change without notice prior the start the public crowdsale. once the public crowdsale starts the exchange rate will locked. the prices for the presale are not subject change and will remain the same and have effect the public crowdsale. funding allocation whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd all funds contributed the crowdsale will used olely for the development, promotion, and growth enjin coin platform below the preliminary allocation and the distribution and may subject change. development this refers the development and operational costs all technology described this whitepaper, including smart contracts, wallets, sdks, apis, game plugins, third party plugins, and any other enjin coin-related updates. this will also cover hiring additional full-time developers and consultants accelerate development that meet exceed the roadmap goals and expansion goals. marketing growth the marketing budget allows for constant and relentless promotion enjin coin gamers multiple target countries and gaming segments. this will used for video and in-game advertising, promotional events tournaments, sponsorships, mobile social media ads, and liasoning with studios. security are taking the necessary steps ensure that optimal security standards are followed every release. this includes professional code audits and penetration testing all apis, smart contracts, mobile and wallets, plugins and sdks. legal enjin will obtain the appropriate legal advice always ensure that operate accordance with the laws and regulations each jurisdiction that business in. funds will held reserve for any future issues challenges that may arise any region. hosting infrastructure this will cover minimum years increased costs required for expansion the web servers, firewalls, load balancers, ddos protection and network for anticipated increases traffic the web platform and public json-rpc api. contingency this amount will set aside for unforeseen costs. whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd development roadmap are absolutely dedicated meet our development goals ahead schedule and provide the ultimate framework and feature support for enjin coin. oct njin coin crowdsale core smart contracts platform api mobile smart wallet (core features) minecraft plugin java sdk sdk unity sdk unturned plugin mobile smart wallet updates smart wallet enjin store modules enjin automations enjin forum integration token manager unreal development kit ios swift sdk android sdk virtual item trading system php sdk enjin mobile app payment gateway contract payment gateway framework subscriptions toplist contract enjin coin community app whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd enjincoin.io important links support enjin coin website: https://enjincoin.io enjin website: https://enjin.com blog: https://blog.enjincoin.io/ twitter: ttps://twitter.com/enjin telegram: https://t.me/enjin_coin bitcointalk: ttps://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. reddit: ttps://www.reddit.com/r/enjincoin facebook: https://facebook.com/enjinsocial github: ttps://github.com/enjin whitepaper ttps://enjincoin.io for latest version. (c), enjin(r) pte ltd