ent white paper global entertainment blockchain techenology platform based ent labs foundtion version:v.. ent white paper introduction........................................................................................................................ blockchain: the fouth industrial revelution........................................................ features blockchain................................................................................................... distribution (pp)....................................................................................................... disruption the entertainment industy........................................................................... ent: global entertainment based blockchain................................................................. what ent?........................................................................................................................... ent ecosphere......................................................................................................................... ent token model................................................................................................................ ent cash.................................................................................................................................. idol token.............................................................................................................................. close loop idol token circulation..................................................................................... blockchain technology behind ent....................................................................................... daap model........................................................................................................................... payment, tokens and open data api.................................................................................... business and technology architecture.................................................................................. ent support scalability and cross-chain protocol............................................................ .leadership.......................................................................................................................... core team members.............................................................................................................. advisors................................................................................................................................. partners................................................................................................................................. ent foundation.................................................................................................................... introduction........................................................................................................................... governance principles........................................................................................................... foundation organization....................................................................................................... funding distribution.............................................................................................................. legal, compliance and audit................................................................................................. reporting............................................................................................................................... road map............................................................................................................................. current status........................................................................................................................ future development.............................................................................................................. disclaim and risk management............................................................................................ disclaimers............................................................................................................................ risk statements..................................................................................................................... ent white paper introduction blockchain: the fouth industrial revelution (schwab, the steam engine, electricity and computer technology once made prominent landmarks technology revolution the human history. today, batch disruptive innovations, such blockchain, artificial intelligence, cloud computing, machine learning, big data, printing, vr/ar and gene engineering, will bring the fourth industrial revolution. this new wave technology promises profoundly alter every aspect our life, significantly improve efficiency every industry and elevate the capacity mankind point that has never been reached before. the very heart the fourth revolution the blockchain. this wondrous technology leverages the pervasive power innovation and has been transforming people's habits, needs and their way thinking. january the first bitcoins were mined satoshi nakamoto, thus establishing the genesis block. the following four years, the development blockchain, such transactions and mining facilities, had been revolving all around the bitcoin. late vitalik buterin proposed establish ethereum, open-source, public, blockchain-based distributed computing platform that features smart contract (scripting) functionality, which facilitates online contractual agreements; the ethereum virtual machine (evm), which can execute scripts using international network public nodes. with these two evolutionary developments, have entered entered blockchain this new phase development all about smart contracts and how the entire slate economic, market, and financial applications can make use blockchain. but what about blockchain http://historyofbitcoin.org/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethereum ent white paper (vitalik, "crypto .-- least mind-- consists approaches that move beyond this limitation, one various ways create systems that break through this limitation and actually achieve the scale needed support mainstream adoption" have comprehensive picture blockchain can look from the following two aspects. firstly, blockchain about blockchain applications beyond currency, finance and markets. expands application scenarios all the way areas such government, health, science, literacy, culture, and art. secondly, blockchain about large-scale application benefit much broader population--well beyond the crypto-enthusiasts. basic components blockchain features blockchain blockchain has great potential revolutionize full range traditional industries. has the following features: transparency all information stored the peer-to-peer network and available all the participants the network. since the identity each participant projected hash algorithm, each blockchain value system--springer ent white paper the network displayed series hash codes. the actual identity therefore securely camouflaged and protected. the verification process can ensure the intended transaction between two parties are recorded without disclosing the actual identify either party. immutability all the blocks are recorded with hash code stating the previous block. any change occurs one block, the subsequent blocks are affected. unless all the affected blocks are modified the same time, the change one block cannot verified, and therefore the change cannot recorded. given the on-going process new transactions, virtually impossible alter any the existing blocks. this feature also enhances the traceability all the historical transactions. distribution (pp) this perhaps the most attractive feature the blockchain technology. under the traditional centralized environment, sharing asset ownership often cannot entail full trust. there has been strong demand and need for democratization information, technology and services, well micro ownership. blockchain network, like the shared economy, all the participants share the computational power and information (transactions), and they rely the same consensus agreement. source: distributed ledger technology: beyond block chain,p ent white paper disruption the entertainment industy the fan economy refers the marketing behavior based framework established fans and the people who capture the fans' attention. this mode economic operation conducted improving the binding users and advertisement via words mouth generate economic benefit and social benefit. this forms the major part the commercial behavior the media industry. with the continuous development the internet, fan economy has been progressively breaking various limits time and space and been broadly used the creative industry, product merchandising, service provision and many other areas. some common applications are: consumption behaviour such purchasing concert tickets, movie tickets and albums the fans; advertisement behaviour such purchasing products endorsed liked celebrities; derivative consumption behaviour such purchasing products related celebrities such clothing, food, travel and residence; intangible asset derived from fan support, such titled sponsorship; professional fan groups companies; related websites and others. the entertainment industry continues developing, has become critically important use the right commercial and technology approach effectively integrate fan economy, improve the affinity between fans and celebrities and maximize the benefit for fans, celebrities and management companies. lack safe and reliable trading system artists often need attend performance and commercial activities abroad. under the traditional model, order successfully complete ticket promotion, reservation and sales, they need cooperate closely with the local partners. there easy way for them directly make use the high efficiency and convenience the internet achieve the same effect working physically and verbally with the partners. this give rise high redundancy cost such translation, communication, exchange rate volatility, agency platform commission, etc. the same time, the fans cannot have close interaction feedback with the celebrity, creating another level barrier. ent white paper difficulty converting celebrity liquid asset celebrities regularly attend activities that are cross-nation cross-industry nature. such activities often entail multiple cooperation among the parties involved. one the most daunting problem how the parties can reach agreement and build trust. under the traditional model, the process converting value relies primarily converting the attention fans into advertisement income sharing, except for ticket, concert, broadway show and few other minor approaches. the channel for deriving income therefore highly limited. ent: global entertainment based blockchain what ent? ent initiated aimhigh global (.kr), whose main shareholders are aimhigh global, kingnet and culture investment holdings (). ent, platform based blockchain technology, provides integrated solution the global distributed entertainment community. the ent decentralized platform has the ability select people with talent legendary agent the next big-bang celebrity. also works content distribution/live streaming platform, providing trustworthy interactions between content providers and consumers. ent can also function payment system, providing low-cost transactions and promoting business. can achieve comprehensive marketization consumption and promote customized generation ip. ent white paper through the ent platform, fans can support celebrities, and celebrities can use ent give direct feedback fans. ent creates direct, diverse and stable interaction relationship between fans and celebrities. addition, the ent platform can secure ownership and transactions intellectual property between artists and agents, ensuring the total integrity the artist's brand image. ent ecosphere ent safe and reliable trading system. fact system derived through combination blockchain, ent and the entertainment industry. the very first blockchain application korea that provides payment method for the entertainment industry. ent dedicates establishing basic internet value for the entertainment industry. the same time, with ent the core the entertainment industry, the platform will span across payment, media, social media and others. will integrate payment platform, smart contract platform and social platform into one entity. unified digital payment solution (ent cash) with each celebrity unit, ent cash supports purchasing products related the entertainment industry, celebrity concert, reservation celebrity's time, etc. appearance fee: tv/ spokesman/ performance fee rewarding celebrity: t-social network, livestream broadcast purchasing products: tickets, peripheral products crowdfunding projects: movies, series, mtvs unified smart contract platform issuance exclusive tokens based ent support celebrity issuance token: issue exclusive idol tokens with the ent smart contract platform token economy: idol tokens will used exclusive method payment for the celebrity's commercial activities ent white paper unified social network platform information the ent platform completely traceable. intermediate agency will involved. integrated payment system will provided for effective communication and social works. the entire network traceable, ensuing high level transparency trustworthy, decentralized social network effective embedded payment system ent token model ent cash definition ent cash ent cash will used asset equivalent and fuel dapp and ent. unit that must used for payment and settlement. also used pay for various functions the system and processing fees (creation, deletion, trading exclusive idol tokens). addition, ent cash will also used collateral and "frozen" the system order issue proportional amount exclusive idol tokens. ent white paper distribution ent cash ent issued total billion tokens, which are mining. the founding team considers the entertainment chain project focuses vertically segmented entertainment, with huge market size and significant application values. with more entertainment programs and entertainers adopt the entertainment chain, the more services users can use the entertainment chain, and the more possibilities that single currency can increase the value. that can enhance the token sales rapidly and increase the benefits our token supporters. entcash token distribution pos airdrop foundation dev team business corporation ent white paper there are different discount rates different crowd sale periods, and the official version shall prevail when announced the time officially launching the tokens sale. ent funding mainly divided into three stages, the first stage raising hsr issue million ent, the exchange ratio hsr: ent; the second stage raising eth issue million ent, the exchange ratio eth: ent; the third stage, ent tokens were issued through raising qtum and ink, with exchange rates qtum: ent and ink: ent respectively. there were million ents distributed totally. minimum amount about million ents; total account million ents. will calculate the exchange ratio around weeks after the completion the crowd sale tokens and allocate the corresponding number ents based the current stage the participants. after the distribution completed, estimated spend about weeks withdrawing from the wallet the third-party exchange. the exact time shall prevail based the founding team's disclosure. the number pre-sale tokens each phase follows: (the quantity will adjusted according the mainstream currency market price). ent white paper idol token idol token definition the ent system, celebrities can create their own idol tokens. the idol tokens have the following features and rules: when idol creates the idol token, the creator must define number parameters, including token name, symbol, accuracy, etc. different from normal token models, when the creator creates the idol token, must also provide special parameter, which the exchange rate between this idol token and ent. when the idol issue destroy tokens, must follow this exchange rate. the supply idol tokens constant and correlates the total amount ent held collateral. only the idol account has the authority and access for issuance and destruction tokens. other accounts are not authorized perform these actions. when idol tokens are issued, the issuer must upload and freeze relevant amount ent the system. the issuance and freezing process are regulated the blockchain smart contract. third parties will not able interfere with this process. when certain amount idol tokens destroyed, these tokens must belong the idol's own account. the system will release corresponding amount ent the idol after the idol tokens are destroyed. therefore, every idol token created placing proportional amount ent the collateral. the idol account can choose perform issuance destruction any time. the fame idol and the fan base increases significantly, the demand for his her own idol tokens will also increase drastically. the benefit this increase demand will passed the idol and the agency firm. new supplies can therefore created. the"idol" here (thereafter referred idol) general encompass the host for unique ip, such celebrity, artist group, branding company, reality show, etc. ent white paper the opposite can true well. therefore, the amount ent held collateral can, some extent, reflect the popularity and value celebrity. idol token model fixed exchange rate the design fixed exchange rate has several advantages: keeps fixed and stable exchange rate between ent and idol tokens. idol token tool payment and support for fan economy idol ip. has financial rights attached. can therefore protect irrational fan groups. this design ensures the issuance and inflation model idol tokens and avoid the trap secondary offering, which may upset system balance. uses issuance amount, instead price, value the total size fan economy. this will maintain the smooth operation the system ent white paper the issuer idol tokens has exclusive right for issuance and destruction the tokens. this offers channel for celebrities benefit. also encourages them actively participate the ent system and realize the network effects. when the price the idol tokens the exchange far above the exchange rate, the idol can use the low-priced ent buy more idol tokens the market benefit from the price differential. the other hand, when the price idol tokens far lower than the exchange rate, the idol creator can borrow ent low cost and buy the idol tokens from the exchange low price. the idol can then destroy these idol tokens the system and obtain the released ent. again the idol can benefit from the price differential. normal fan can obtain idol tokens many ways. for example, they can buy them directly from the idols, they can buy them from the exchange. assuming the idol creators are rational, the price the idol tokens will fluctuate around the exchange rate. the idol creator can benefit from the fluctuation. but after sometime, the space for profit will flatten out balance point with the arbitrage activities. this balance point will correlated with the level activity the fans. the ent smart contact can support more general idol types and not limited individuals. for example, groups celebrities can use multi-signature smart contracts realize group management and issuance idol tokens. idol token lifecycle idols have their career cycles. idol token has its life cycle well. the fixed ratio collateral issuance model provides guarantee for the idol token develop and exit. enables the tokens transit different phases smoothly. ent white paper idol and idol token development cycle close loop idol token circulation from issuance recycling reuse, the idol tokens must reach close loop order for the tokens represent and reflect the economic activities the eco-system. ent cash the universal token the ent eco-system. the tokens have the following features after they are issued. they will serve the intermediate token between idol tokens and other assets. they support trading functions. they will value equivalent the ent ecosystem and represent the value the entire ecosystem. they can used buy tickets for activities the idols, products, etc they can used collateral for idols issue their exclusive idol tokens. the ent ecosystem normally have the following participating parties: idols, advertising companies, platforms, fans, investors, etc. ent cash will circulate among these parties the form processing fee, transactions, payments, collaterals, etc. also represents the entrance and exit point for idol tokens, and can traded with other assets outside the ent ecosystem. the idol token, the other hand, different terms its coverage and functions. places more emphasis the economy related the idol's and mainly circulated among the idols, agency companies, advertising agents, merchants and fans. forms smaller loop ent white paper than ent cash does. the ent ecosystem blockchain technology behind ent ent has three major technological features: traceability information the entire network, social media with agency, and integrated systems. these features can counter the main pain point the current entertainment industry, e.g. over-centralization key resources, small not getting support, infringement, asymmetry fan groups, individual needs fans not being fulfilled, etc. ent endeavor create internet value. making use smart contract, lightning network and other technology, ent will create digital payment and idol token platform for the entertainment industry and provide smart contract configuration, smart contract invoking, auto ledger and other functions. with these features, fans can have much better customer experience. idols can realize their true values and agency companies will also enjoy greater branding effect and investment returns. ent white paper daap model ent decentralized application based the quantum chain platform, supporting ent cash tokens and idolatry tokens, mainly including the following modules and contracts: erc-/ ent cash tokens. the qrc- token standard describes methods and events that quantum chain token contract must implement and follow, and standardization helps facilitate the sharing infrastructures different functions and components. ent token, whose symbol ent, the presicion set bits according qtum system's recommended setting. entcash will used general equivalent and fuel dapp and ent systems for both payment and liquidation. can also used pay fees (registration, issuance, destruction and cancellation idol tokens) for some systematic functions. addition, ent token will also used pledge, which was frozen the system issue idol tokens fixed exchange ratio. smart contracts related idol tokens, including token creation, ent mortgage, distribution and destruction. idol token itself type smart contract that supports transfer and freely convertible. the redemption contract designed fans buy ent cash tokens can done either through external exchange some pre-set exchange contract. idol tokens are not necessarily for the individuals, they can also used for groups, reality shows, brokerage firms, etc. therefore, important support flexible management cryptocurrency accounts, such multiple signature, account locking, escrow accounts, etc. the ledger account digital payment network can facilitate direct access various roles, such different apps, platforms, agent channels, issuers, artists, agency firms and others. enables these roles directly access shared revenue ledger and and reduce intermediate processes and redundancy. ent white paper payment, tokens and open data api ent encourages ecosystems and communities build ent-based tools and applications, including but not limited to: contract and account browser. they enable easy browsing the status issuance each idol token, holders idol tokens and supporters the idol tokens. payment api and idol token management. the api and management system will enable convenient payment and subsequent management the idol tokens under the account. idol token management api. the idol token management api enables account holder view and manage the idol tokens under the account with user-friendly interface. social and data api. the social and data api collects data from the system and arrange them rational manner for further analysis. ent index and analytics. through big data and analysis, the system can easily generate accurate reports the level fans, idol value and fan activity value. this will increase the accuracy business activity and planning idols. will also improve user experience and solve the pain points for celebrities and agency firms the entertainment industry. business and technology architecture ent white paper role composition the entire ent ecosystem composed three types roles: the ecological construction part composed developers, operation and maintenance personnel, regulatory agencies, auditing departments and operation departments; the ecological constitution part composed copyright ownership platform, commercial cashing converting platform, entertainment application platform and other ent cooperation application platforms; the ecological maintenance part composed idols, agents, fan groups, production companies, agencies and on. the three kinds roles form the complete ecological close loop ent. based the ent underlying structure completed constructors, constitutors have continue perfecting each dapp building the ent ecology. the same time the maintainers performs activities each dapp building. that new demands will fed back constructors and constitutors, that when the entire ent ecology close loop formed, can expand its own ecosystem, improve the idol economy and lead new operations the blockchain era. ent white paper technological framework ent's technical architecture follows ink's design specifications and standards, extends some its technical boundaries with its own characteristics while maintaining high performance and stability. and the same time, ent has conducted series self innovations and enhanced developments targeting typical application scenarios, such the entertainment industry. through pluggable modules and flexible configuration smart contracts, can ensure network compatibility and operability. also supports multi-protocols, compatible bip protocol and pos smart contract platform, and there compatibility among different protocols, including consensus mechanisms, purview management, accounting management, data structures and on. ent also uses the industry-recommended digital certificate mechanism for identity authentication and permission control. the node realizes pki service, and can issue the identity certificate advance and send the corresponding member entity control the entity's access network resources. the same time, various data operation permissions can managed through permission policy solve the problem "who allowed take operation certain scenario". ent white paper the different entertaining ecosystems ent facing are complex and need deal with different legal and policy issues. there are two core requirements, security and privacy, regulation and the special needs the scene. therefore, under the premise ensuring high availability data, ent provides authentication services data acquisition and distribution, well encryption and fingerprint indexing transactions ensure data security. the above basic capabilities, ent targets large number trading users who, under given authority, can initiate particular transaction behalf the account (as transfer call chain code). the settings for the account are pluggable. different originators can choose whether open trading account not and which account algorithm use (eg, corresponding bitcoin ethereum). the same time, ent follows the ink consortium chain and adds asset system chaincode (ascc) manage the token assets the chain. ent full-function token. the account will matched the public key, the account information will recorded the world state the ent account book, and the digital digest all account information will recorded the block. through the book structure and the smart contract core channel, ent ensures its related technical characteristics, such scalability and fault tolerance. ent network nodes can check the transaction independently, each transaction must have certain conditions endorsement considered legitimate. coordination nodes ensure consensus the transaction the network, decoupling the functions different nodes, and significantly improving the network processing performance, order maintain the balance and stability ent network and application ecology. ent white paper addition, ent oriented the entertainment industry application. with its policy access dapp the mobile terminal, ent can adapt more diverse application scenarios and bring the technical advantages blockchain the adopters entertainment assets and the general internet users. ent business close loop ent white paper ent support scalability and cross-chain protocol principles state-channels and lighting network the concept state-channel was first proposed bitcoin's lightning network. its purpose simply take the overwhelming majority transactions off the blockchain without sacrificing verifiability and security. payments are made off-chain, while settlements are made the blockchain. state-channels can allow the creation "micro-payment channels" addition initiating transactions off the channel. multiple transactions can safely proceed without having interact with the blockchain itself. counterparty risk also eliminated: the channel can closed either party ceases cooperate, does not respond within the agreed timeframe. taking the lightning network bitcoin example. bitcoin transaction covers several parts. here brief description: point previous transaction that someone sent you bitcoins (you own the address that corresponds the private key) the bitcoin addresses you sent (actually lock script) ent white paper encrypted signature prove that you already "own" the bitcoin that was spent and that you created the transaction. sending the signed transaction directly the recipient instead broadcasting just easy (traditional) the payment itself. the only problem that long the transaction not the blockchain, you have the option sending the bitcoin someone else. bitcoin trading extremely flexible. two people can decide combine their bitcoins into single transaction, and the transaction can sent out only encrypted and signed both persons the same time. this called multi-signature pay-to-script-hash. also the basis for setting payment channels. ent white paper [zhuang tai tong dao chuang xing cheng guo cheng lightning network for the platform with smart contracts, the realization the micro-payment channel technology can more flexible and direct. the lightning network make use smart contract enable micro-payment. ent will leverage lightning network technology for highfrequency and low-cost blockchain applications. when "hot" celebrity event content highly compelling celebrity activity released, may lead large number fans (users) visit the platform and and make purchase short period time, resulting congestion ent cash idol tokens. fans and users will not able complete purchase and consumption time, and the user experience will not good within the timeframe the congestion. lighting technology based the low-latency and low-cost token transfer ent white paper technology ethereum. micro payment ent cash can transacted off-chain achieve high-frequency ent cash transaction short time. more importantly, can save lot transaction costs for both the platform and the users. lightning network lightning network draws the principle bitcoin lightning network. realizes transfer technology based ethereum network's characteristics low latency and cost. leveraging the advantages the off-chain payment channels, lightning network enables any number tokens transferred between two participants for any number transactions. this especially useful for micro-transactions, and can increase the main blockchain network scalability dramatically. since micro-transactions are done off the chain, the speed transaction can reach more than per second, except for the last shutdown channel operation. ent white paper comparisons scalability solutions there are many solutions for scalability, including sharding, sidechains, interactive authentication protocols, and state-channels. while all these solutions have the potential increase transactional capacity, lightning network has some advantages reducing cost and latency. future cross-chain protocol support ent, dapp application quantum chain, needs utilize smart contract achieve remote cross-chain call the future. and here list the main types cross-chain technology and technology framework. ent will combine the features quantum chain smart contract platform, using cross-chain technology framework like polkdot achieve the value transfer and exchange, and dapp's remote cross-chain call. ... types cross-chain technology centralized multi-signature witness pattern notary (application level): the witness the legal user chain who responsible for monitoring chain events and states, and then turns operate chain sidechain relay mode (protocol level): the blockchain system itself can read chain b's events and states. ent white paper hash-locking (protocol level): interoperability trigger set between chain and usually random hash value disclosed the plaintext. polkdot cross-chain transactions are very different from standard external signature transactions. short, this means that verifiers the relay chain manually shifts the transaction from the export queue the source chain the entry queue the target chain. the verifiers verifies the state conversion running the full node particular parallel chain. they are called "mortgaged" people, meaning they must deposit certain account security funds and punished they wrong. "parallel chain" refers the existing future blockchain linking the polkadot relay chain. finite state machine" refers the brain cpu any state (such evm for ethereum). finite state machine handles broadcasting transactions over the network. you may have heard "state conversion functions," essentially changing the old state the chain new state, bringing updates, additions, and deletions accounts. through polkadot relay chain, parallel chain can send any information another parallel chain. these messages can invoke the functions smart contract, which can meet any arbitrary function needs the parallel chain finite state machin. cosmos cosmos designed interact with token chains based the tendermint consensus. its message protocol level lower, depending the immediate final deterministic model tendermint. .leadership ent white paper core team members ent white paper advisors ent white paper ent white paper partners ent white paper ent foundation introduction ent setting ent foundation ("entf") non-profit organization with the goal accelerating the adoption blockchain technology and development ent ecosystem. the foundation allows members register. accepts donations and operates public interests relating blockchain technology and ent ecosystem. ent has been registered company limited guarantee korea. governance principles the principles entf support and coordinate the efforts the blockchain community helping create greater awareness the benefits the blockchain technology and the development the ent project. this done through concerted effort education and awareness campaigns promote the use blockchain technology and related technologies for enthusiasts, developers, regulators, technologists, practitioners and users globally. foundation organization entf activities entf will undertake the following activities: directing and supervising the development and maintenance the ent cash. promoting safety and harmony the ent blockchain ecosystem through the adoption best practice governance principles. funding activities that will propel the development the ent ecosystem and any related projects. advisory committee the advisory committee will: comprising least persons including least one member entf and least independent advisors. ent white paper meeting least times year. advising the governance entf the members entf. the initial term for the members the committee will mix year and years ensure continuity. thereafter, all advisors will have years appointment. management the members entf will responsible for appointing dismissing the management team entf. entf intends appoint one finance lead and one legal lead form the initial management team for the operations entf. the management team will responsible for: legal and financial management. supervision the grant management process covering application management, financial tracking and reporting, and operational delivery and reporting. publishing report the delivery the objectives set out the token sale every quarter. the audited annual financial statements will lodged with acra providing reports regular basis the advisory committee organization structure ent white paper funding distribution funding resource the fund for ent will raised strategic institutional investors and accredit investors under legislation. ent only accepts fund from people who have gone through proper kyc process and adhere strict aml rules. budget planning are raising funds denominated hcash for our token launch. fund usage will split approximately evenly between platform development and application development. funding breakdown administration legal/accounting marketing r&d miscellaneous split fund restrictive clause the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, ent and/or the distributor shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you. ent white paper digital asset management all payments received for ent tokens will held escrow multi-signature address, with multi-key structure. the keys this multi-signature account will stay with ent foundation management committee and ent cach project technological services department. legal, compliance and audit ent appointing professional australian law firm provide legal advice regulatory and compliance matters. this law firm will also engaged ent foundation provide external legal advice. ent foundation the process appointing internationally recognized audit firm provide auditing service well. soon all appointments are finalized, the foundation will make announcement the ent foundation website. reporting project plan ent intends produce written update fortnightly the progress towards the expansion goals. ent will also make announcements when significant milestones are reached. this will the form blog medium cover both technical and business issues. quarter/annual reporting ensure transparency management and operation ent foundation, the foundation will release update the latest status each quarter and annum. the report will include major strategies and decisions made the reporting period, the asset under management, and major investment activities and other important issues that will affect the development ent and ent ecosystem. road map current status ent white paper future development roadmap disclaim and risk management disclaimers the ent platform does not make any representations warranties with respect ent ent cash token (especially for its merchantability and specific functionality), expressly stated this white paper. any person who participates ent cash token's public sale program and purchases ent cash token based his own knowledge ent and ent cash token and the information this white paper. subject the generality the foregoing, all participants will receive the ent cash token, regardless their specifications, parameters, performance, functionality, after the ent project launched. ent platform hereby clearly does not recognize and refuse bear the following responsibilities: any person who purchases ent cash token violates any country's anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism financing other regulatory requirements; any person who, the time purchase the ent cash token, has violated any the representations, warranties, obligations, commitments other requirements, well the resulting non-payment the inability extract the ent cash token; for any reason ent cash token's open sale plan was abandoned; ent white paper ent development failed, postponed postponed, and consequently failed deliver ent cash token delayed delivery; loops, errors, flaws, crashes, rollbacks, hard bifurcations ethereum related block chain source code technical problems caused platform failure; the use funds raised public sale; any participant disclosing, losing destroying the private key the encrypted currency tokens; ent cash token sale third-party platform for breach contract, violation, infringement, collapse, paralysis, service termination suspension, fraud, misuse, misconduct, failure, negligence, bankruptcy, liquidation, settlement scattered closed; any person who deals speculates ent cash token; ent cash token traded delisted any exchange; the ent cash token classified any government, competent authority public body deemed currency vouchers, negotiable instruments, negotiable instruments, investment goods other things, receive prohibitions, legal restrictions; any risk factors disclosed this white paper, well damages, losses, claims, liabilities, penalties, costs other adverse effects that are relevant associated with such risk factors. risk statements ent development and operations team believe that the ent development, maintenance and operation process exists numerous risks, many which are beyond the ent development and operation team's control. addition this white paper, each ent cash token purchaser should also read, understand and carefully consider the following risks before deciding whether participate this open sale plan. the buyer each ent cash token should pay special attention the fact that although the ent development and operations team established the republic singapore, ent and ent white paper ent cash token exist only the network virtual space and not have any tangible presence and therefore does not belong involved any particular country. participation this open sale plan should deliberate decision-making action that would deemed have been fully known and agreed the purchaser the following risks: termination the open sale plan this ent cash token open sale plan may terminated prematurely, and the purchaser may only partially refund the amount paid the bidder because the price volatility btc/ eth and the expense the ent development and operation team. insufficient information provided this white paper release date, ent still the development phase, and its philosophy, consensus mechanisms, algorithms, code and other technical details and parameters may updated and changed frequently. although this white paper contains the latest information ent, not absolutely complete and will adjusted and updated from time time ent development and operation teams for specific purposes. ent development and operation teams have capability and obligation keep informed every detail (including its progress and expected milestones, whether not delayed) the participants, and therefore does not necessarily give the purchaser timely and full access ent development from time time generated information. inadequate disclosure information unavoidable and clean. regulatory measures the encrypted tokens are being may supervised the competent authorities the different countries. the ent development and operations team may from time time receive inquiries, notices, warranties, orders rulings from one more the administrations, and may even ordered suspend terminate any information regarding this open sale program, ent development ent cash token action. ent's development, marketing, publicity other aspects and this open sale plan are likely seriously affected, hindered end. regulatory policies are subject change any time, any existing regulatory tolerant permission for ent this open sale program may temporary only. all different countries, ent cash token may defined virtual goods, ent white paper digital assets even securities currencies any time, ent cash token may prohibited from trading holdings certain countries. cryptography cryptography evolving and cannot guarantee absolute security all times. advances cryptography (such password cracking) technological advances (such the invention quantum computers) can pose risk cryptographic-based systems (including ent). this could cause any holding the ent cash token stolen, stolen, disappeared, destroyed devalued. reasonable extent, the ent development and operations team will prepared take precautionary remedial action upgrade ent's underlying agreement respond any progress cryptography and, where appropriate, incorporate new and reasonable security measures. the future cryptography and security innovation unpredictable, and the ent development and operations team will try cater for the changing world cryptography and security. development failed abandoned ent still the development stage, not ready released any time. due the technical complexity the ent system, the ent development and operations team may face unforeseen and insurmountable difficulties from time time. therefore, the development ent may for reason fail any time give (for example due lack funds). failure development abandonment will result the ent cash token being unable deliver any purchaser this sale. the theft all funds there may someone trying steal the ent platform received the public sale funds. such theft theft attempts may affect the ability ent develop and operate the team fund the development ent. although the ent development and operations team will take the most cutting-edge technology protect the security all funds, some network theft still difficult completely blocked. source code flaws one can guarantee that ent's source code completely flawless. the code may have some flaws, errors, defects, and vulnerabilities that could prevent users from using specific ent white paper features, exposing user information, generating other problems. such defects exist, will harm ent's usability, stability security, and thus adversely affect the value ent cash token. security weaknesses the ent block based open source software and distributed book without permission. while ent's development and operations team working maintain ent system security, anyone can intentionally unintentionally bring weaknesses vulnerabilities into the core infrastructure elements ent, and develop these vulnerabilities deficiencies ent and the operations team cannot prevent compensate for the safety measures adopted it. this may eventually result the loss the participant's ent cash token other digital tokens. "distributed denial service" attack designed open and free charge. result, the ethereum may suffer from "distributed denial service" network attack from time time. this attack will cause the ent system adversely affected, stagnated paralyzed, and thus cause the transaction written recorded into ethereum blockchain delayed, even temporarily unable execute. lack processing capacity ent's rapid development will accompanied sharp increase trading volume and demand for processing capacity. the demand for processing capacity exceeds the load that can provided the nodes the ethereum blockchain network, the ent network may paralyzed stagnated, and fraudulent erroneous transactions such "double expenses" may arise. the worst case, anyone who holds the ent cash token may lost, the ethereum block chain rollback even hard fork may triggered. the aftermath these events will compromise ent's usability, stability and security, and the value ent cash token. unauthorized claim for sale ent cash token any person who obtains the purchaser's registered email account access decrypting cracking the ent cash token buyer's password will able maliciously acquire the ent ent white paper cash token purchased the ent cash token purchaser. accordingly, the ent cash token purchased the purchaser may sent incorrectly any person who pleases the ent cash token through the purchaser's registered email registered account, which irrevocable and irreversible. each ent cash token purchaser should take the following measures properly maintain the security its registered registered account: (i) use high security password; (ii) not open reply any fraudulent mail; and (iii) strictly confidential its confidential personal information. ent cash token wallet private key the private key required obtain the ent cash token irreversible. the ent cash token can manipulated only having unique public and private key via local online ent cash token wallet. each buyer should keep his ent cash token wallet private key. the private key the ent cash token purchaser lost, leaked, damaged stolen, the ent development and operation team any other person cannot help the purchaser acquire retrieve the relevant ent cash token. popularity the value the ent cash token depends largely the popularity the ent platform. ent not expected popular widely used within short time after release. the worst case, ent may even marginalized for long time, attracting only small number users. contrast, large number ent cash token needs may speculative. lack users may lead ent cash token market price fluctuations and thus affect the long-term development ent. when this price fluctuates, the ent development and operations team will not (and not responsible) stabilize affect the market price ent cash token. price fluctuations the transaction the open market, encrypted tokens usually price fluctuations. short-term price shocks often occur. the price may denominated btc, eth, usd other currencies. this volatility may due market forces (including speculative trading), regulatory policy changes, technological innovations, the availability exchanges and other objective factors that also reflect changes supply and demand balance. the ent development and operations team not responsible for ent cash token transactions any secondary market, regardless the presence the ent cash token secondary market. ent white paper result, the ent development and operation team has obligation stabilize the price fluctuations the ent cash token. ent traders should take their own risks related transaction price ent cash token. contact us: website: http://entcash.com/