entercoin entercoin, the path sustainable future overview bitstine limited (bitstine) introduces entercoin, environmentally friendly digital currency using blockchain technology settle and record transactions securely with focus financial inclusion the unbanked population. five year outlook: initial coin offering (ico) summary: entercoin (entrc) maximum limit (no tokens) entercoin available for public sale (no. tokens) entercoin allocation marketing bounties (no. tokens) development developers origial total supply was *the total target amount (usd) based the value eth usd depending the current market entercoin, the path sustainable future purpose the document the purpose this document inform all interested parties including the investors, the public and readers concisely about entercoin issued bitstine limited (token offeror offeror), company registration number and presents the offeror's business proposition the matter. included certain aspects help the readers understand the problem and make informed decision participate the initial coin offering (ico). contents summary ............................................................................................................................... the problem .......................................................................................................................... our solution ........................................................................................................................ our revenue model ............................................................................................................ our five-year outlook ........................................................................................................ entercoin e-wallet security ................................................................................................ roadmap ............................................................................................................................. financial information ........................................................................................................... governance, instruments, requirements and regulation .................................................. company information .......................................................................................................... contact support ............................................................................................................... entercoin, the path sustainable future disclaimer distributing this document bitstine ltd (bitstine) relying the fact that all recipients are qualified investors' who are also (i) investment professionals; (ii) high net worth companies; or. (iii) members the company; (iv) certified high net worth individuals; (v) certain sophisticated investors. persons who not fall within any these definitions should not rely this document nor take any action upon it. the document only exempt distributed these exempt categories recipients. this document has not been approved financial promotion otherwise person who authorised under fsma for the purposes section fsma and rules made under such legislation any other applicable securities laws any other territory. approval will required unless the recipient this promotion relevant person. this document has not been, and will not be, reviewed approved the financial conduct authority (fca) any other authority regulatory body. bitstine will not responsible any its respective directors, officers employees who makes any representation warranty, express implied, the accuracy completeness the information reasonableness any opinions contained this document. bitstine not regulated the fca and has not authorised the contents of, any part of, this document for the purposes section fmsa. the fullest extent permitted law, none bitstine nor their respective members, directors, officers, employees, agents representatives nor any other person accepts any liability whatsoever for any errors, omissions inaccuracies such information opinions for any loss, cost damage suffered incurred howsoever arising, directly indirectly, from any use this document its contents otherwise connection with the subject matter this document. the contents this document are not construed legal, financial tax advice. this document should not distributed whole part other parties. this document being supplied all relevant persons solely for their information and does not constitute contain any invitation offer any person subscribe for, otherwise acquire, dispose any ordinary shares the company advise persons any jurisdiction. this document does not constitute recommendation regarding the ordinary shares the company. some statements contained this document are may forward-looking statements, including without limitation any forecasts projections. actual results may differ from those expressed such statements, depending variety factors. any forward-looking information contained this document has been prepared the basis number assumptions, only some which are set out the document, which may prove incorrect, and accordingly, actual results may vary. for the avoidance doubt, nothing this document intended constitute profit forecast. the value any investment may fall over time and you may receive back less than you invested. bitstine limited incorporated england under registered number and its registered office kemp house, city road, london, england, ecv nx. entercoin, the path sustainable future summary the digital payment space evolving and reshaping right front us. the popularity the blockchain, distributed public ledger technologies and smart contracts has opened world new ideas, especially disruptions traditional payment methods. however, the effects all have been even more widereaching than imagined. what if, use this emerging technology with the corroboration cryptocurrencies resolve problems improve certain processes that can identify right now? doesn't need far-reaching resolve global issues yet, but can certainly provide solutions support and improve the lives our local communities present. bitstine financial technology company that providing alternative digital payment solutions. our market not only for the banked, but also for those who are unbanked, under-banked have limited options part the financial system. the heart our operation innovation establish financial inclusion the unbanked, establishing profitable business model with vigorous focus benefiting communities whilst reducing the ever-increasing demand the world's limited resources. will create entercoin digital token based ethereum (eth), cryptocurrency with the second largest market cap (second bitcoin), but based more mature technology, which exempts from the throughput challenges that hound the bitcoin (btc) network, driving transaction cost ever upwards. our business model based on: payment solution for the banked and unbanked; ii. monetising smart contracts execute contractual obligations; iii. implementing active market dampening strategy using our environmentally friendly cryptocurrency mining facility. entercoin, the path sustainable future our business bitstine aims function electronic money institution. our aim offer full banking capabilities both banked and unbanked communities. use our digital currency token (entercoin) alternative payment method, provide safe, secure and compliant path for cross-border transactions, peer-to-peer (pp) and business-to-business (bb). through the application blockchain technology, will able execute smart contracts settle and record transactions securely. our revenue streams comprise: >transaction fees earned from and transactions; >monetising smart contract applications for multiple-party transactions; >fees earned from our cryptocurrency exchange platform "stinex"; income generated from our environmentally friendly cryptocurrency mining facility entercoin's goal provide secure platform execute local and cross-border financial transactions without involving third parties. one the first institutions embark this journey, bitstine will consult with authorities various jurisdictions ensure regulatory compliance all respect. see this opportunity rather than hurdle contribute and, doing so, position cryptocurrency global seamless payment solution. entercoin unique the market and envisage entercoin token holders share the success the business through the profits being redistributed, again using smart contracts illustrated below diagram entercoin ecosystem entercoin, the path sustainable future esr responsibility also recognise our environmental and social responsibility (esr) which are committed through the establishment leading environmentally friendly and sustainable solar powered cryptocurrency mining facility. applications entercoin payment solution for the banked and unbanked entercoin alternative payment rail where entercoin token holders can send entercoin other cryptocurrencies each other peer-to-peer transfer and payment goods and/or services. incorporating cryptocurrency exchange platform, token holders can convert other cryptocurrencies and entercoin into national currencies. equivalently, the token holders will able convert and send national currency directly our prepaid card (visa). envisage partnering with leading technology solutions help establish network connectivity for unbanked populations which will enable these communities participate their rightful share income through smart contracts. practice, could mean that farm labourers could receive their respective share the profit for the produce which they harvested within minutes the distributor paying for the produce the market. the labourers can turn either convert the tokens fiat currency use settle transactions using cryptocurrency. communities who transact using smart contracts and recognise cryptocurrencies payment method are also referred decentralised autonomous communities (dac). smart contracts the successful implementation smart contracts allows bitstine apply this functionality other projects including crowdfunding support local entrepreneurs, decentralised autonomous communities, smart multi-signature escrow any chain decentralised markets using blockchain technology meet contractual obligations and subsequently record all transactions securely. business, are looking further into solutions that can benefit the financially excluded communities providing full digital banking system and on-boarding process that available people who don't have the common documents required financial institutions comply with the regulatory requirements take new clients. environmentally friendly mining entercoin like many cryptocurrencies, one the culminations blockchain technology. the complexities the technology are demanding hardware and energy resources when mining crypto-coin. the mining ethereum and bitcoin alone consumed the energy equivalent many small countries. therefore, part our sustainable direction, entercoin will used digital token, and will implemented into cryptocurrency green mining centre, powered solar energy. our ecomining centre can potentially save the average estimated mining cost which will reduce our carbon footprint. addition, will utilising various cryptocurrencies mining methods such pow (proof work), pos(proof stake), poc(proof capacity). our research and development team will observe and react the market and industry accordingly. envisage several smart contracts place where, every time cryptocurrency mined, entercoin will rewarded the mining centre, hence transforming entercoin into green crypto-coin and creating unique eco-currency-system. entercoin, the path sustainable future bitstine and entercoin, together intending deliver sagacious direction the future transaction processing, where the way business reinvented not only prosper financially, but also promoting sustainability and supporting our communities. entercoin, the path sustainable future entercoin, the path sustainable future the problem financial inclusion required for technological, political and economic progress unbanked underbanked communities are financially excluded and therefore isolated from the global economy. they are being left behind terms economic, political and technological advancement with definitive solutions under way. these communities represent more than our global population between and years age. era increased globalisation, technological acceleration and global trend towards social responsibility, there opportunity use blockchain technology provide secure and highly accessible solution. our proposal create eco-friendly cryptocurrency supported smart contracts, backed assets and enabled green mining, address this global financial access issue. the unbanked community usually associated with those rural communities with limited access resources which may include less than ideal living standards and lack access education. all which are exacerbated the lack access funds. many instances, those living these conditions are, ironically, product being the backbone the supply chain where produce harvested resources are mined. according data published the world bank most these communities are also found unbanked. according the world bank, more than billion adults lack access financial services such bank accounts and credit cards save and borrow funds. the majority residing rural areas and typically living below day. overview the global unbanked population: source: worldbank report entercoin, the path sustainable future blockchain solution for financial inclusion cryptocurrency can paradigm shift for the unbanked. through financial inclusion can expect the establishment communities who share moral values resulting rapid technological, political and economic progress. the region north africa and the middle east particular, there high number unbanked population (as illustrated the diagram "overview the global unbanked population"). however, there are not many known solutions resolve financially exclusion and cross-border transactions. mobile money one the successful solutions, built telecommunication companies, but restricted only national peer peer payment. result, bitstine believes that can introduce the use cryptocurrency i.e. entercoin financial exclusion solution, with comprehensive and ground knowledge the local community; also recognising that not many the unbanked population will understand blockchain technology. this means, need take this knowledge into consideration when designing our solutions and user experience (ux). overview global cryptocurrency users: source: global cryptocurrency benchmarking study, hileman, rauchs al, the above diagram illustrates that based the estimated number current users cryptocurrency wallets, the estimated number people being employed full time and the scarcity reputable information the users blockchain technology, the applications distributed ledger technology (blockchain) execute secure transactions are still their early stages. this much like the internet was early on. entercoin, the path sustainable future challenges facing cryptocurrencies today despite having cracked the awareness problem, cryptocurrencies are still far from having achieved their utility value currencies. the majority mainstream cryptocurrencies bought today bought investment. while this helps lot boost the market capitalisation, poses problem for the use case cryptocurrencies mainly intended for: paying for goods and services. the bootstrap problem when new cryptocurrency token released, there definition market for it. like any business, the first challenge all new cryptocurrencies face get out the slump born in. the deflationary problem when crypto trends sharply, attracts hordes investors with the aim hold and sell the tokens later date. they are not planning use crypto buy goods services. this also causes positive feedback into the deflation loop, causing the token value deflate even further which then attracts buyers with higher risk threshold. the inflationary problem conversely, when crypto trends down, especially after period deflation where has attracted many high-risk-threshold investors, these investors start panic-selling, turning inflation into runaway inflation. these problems, the latter two particular, can attributed the volatility crypto (also see pumpand-dump schemes). when crypto trending (quite common occurrence these days!), no-one wants use buy bread, because tomorrow will worth two breads. when crypto trending down, no-one wants spend their one bread's worth crypto half bread. energy consumption power cpu processing estimated that approximately are consistently being consumed secure bitcoin's blockchain. considered that small city could powered less than electricity. easy way wrap your head around how much electricity consumed think mwh terms money. one mwh since kwh costs cents average the us. -watt light bulb burns for hours, consumes watts hours, watt hours energy kwh) and you just spent cents. that means bitcoin mined for day hours) per hour and one mwh cost will cost hrs which mwh per hour. therefore, will cost $,, for per day mine bitcoin for one day. entercoin, the path sustainable future our solution our core objective offer full banking capabilities both banked and unbanked communities. our cryptocurrency token entercoin will use our digital currency token (entercoin) alternative payment rail, provide safe, secure and compliant path for cross-border transactions, peer-to-peer (pp) and business-to-business (bb). through the application blockchain technology, will able execute smart contracts settle and record transactions securely. how will entercoin contribute reduce the unbanked population? the problem with the unbanked community that they have financial savings. true that these communities, often located remote rural areas, may not have any immediate need for credit not find that their unbanked status excludes them from the credit that they need. so, there hardship from not having access financial institution safeguard such savings. however, facilitate technological, political and economic progress financial inclusion required. good example kenya where has been proved that half percentage increase their national gross domestic product growth attributable the introduction mobile money solution, m-pesa, establish cashless society. mobile money one the veritable channels through which the unbanked can provided easy access financial services affordable cost. however, mobile money still does not remove the thirdparty trust issue and reliance systems the traditional banks. alternative available these communities the use post offices, check-cashing outlets (ccos) and money transfer companies cash cheques send money settle transactions family friends using money grams postal orders. the problem created the regular use post offices, checkcashing outlets (ccos) that they are expensive source payment services for the unbanked. entercoin will not only provide access payment solutions the unbanked but also eliminate the reliance placed trusting third party maintain systems process financial transactions. this can only achieved through the introduction blockchain code which relies decentralised cpu computing power referred nodes. the node network itself requires minimal structure. messages are broadcast best effort basis, and nodes can leave and re-join the network will, accepting the longest proof-of-work chain proof what happened while they were gone. execute smart contracts there just reliance dedicated third-party infrastructure and coins can sent from any device globally conveniently minimal cost. similarly, entercoin will provide secure and convenient method for urban workers send money families rural areas. entercoin, the path sustainable future smart contracts smart contracts enable the exchange items value transparent way while avoiding the services third-party. smart contracts are therefore self-executing contracts with the terms the contract between two more contractual parties directly captured electronically using blockchain code. having contracts electronically available ensures that contractual obligations are honoured which significantly reduces the risk human error. the benefits are far reaching not only for individuals but also for businesses who rely payments being made received based counterparty arrangements. how will verification smart contracts work? traditional electronic banking using the internet cash banking rely almost exclusively financial institutions serving trusted custodians record the transactions. the system works well for most transactions however remains subject the inherent weaknesses the trust. most authorisation processes use some sort dual more verification which also the core blockchain technology. using blockchain technology, entercoin can applied myriad applications which requires two more contracting parties meet contractual obligations and subsequently record transactions securely. this can achieved involving on-chain decentralised markets also known decentralised autonomous communities. the verification process transactions initiated smart contracts the on-chain market clearly explained satoshi nakamoto's paper chain digital signatures refer the diagram below. simple overview blockchain verification process: source: "bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system", satoshi nakamoto, entercoin, the path sustainable future active market dampening solution all three the problems highlighted above "challenges facing cryptocurrency today" actively and automatically dampen the market having participator the market that can act against the market trend when accelerates outside predetermined bounds (calculated function token coin value). active market dampening can achieved follows, case entercoin decides implement it. create usage token called entercoin, based ethereum. offer entercoin the market initial coin offering, and raise unknown amount capital the process. invest solar-powered cryptocurrency mining capabilities. the key this concept lies ethereum's planned implementation proof-of-stake, which will away with ethereum proof work (pow) mining. however, the pow mining will still implemented mine other cryptocurrencies. nodes will hold all earned ether private wallets, created and only accessible the nodes themselves. nodes will then, accordance publicly readable smart contracts, participate the entercoin market always moving against and proportion the market either aggressively buying bootstrap, selling when deflationary and buying when inflationary. initially, the smart contracts will maintained small group developers who will not allowed own any entercoin during this initial phase and paid for portion the raised capital. once the smart contracts that determine the market behaviour the mining nodes are deemed stable, number work tokens will issued the initial developers. these tokens will allow developers make subsequent changes smart contracts using human version the proof stake consensus algorithm. short, developer will submit change request, and required stake high number work tokens favour their change. other developers the pool will then validate the change request staking work tokens favour against the change request. the winners keep their stake, and share the losers' stake equally. these work tokens will also onto the free market. believe that following the above methodology, can automate the stabilisation cryptocurrency, which will incentivise its use currency. the power required manage the above will provided our environmental friendly solar powered cryptocurrency mining facility. entercoin, the path sustainable future our revenue model our revenue model based on: >transaction fees earned from and transactions; >monetising smart contract applications for multiple-party transactions; >fees earned from our cryptocurrency exchange platform; income generated from our environmentally friendly cryptocurrency mining facility transaction fees earned from and transactions entercoin token holders will have the option apply for prepaid mastercard. this will enable token holders transact with the unbanked population either withdrawing cash fiat currency, make card-not-present online commerce payment when entercoin other cryptocurrencies are not accepted legal tender. cryptocurrency transactions will free but prepaid card transactions will attract card transaction fees either annual card fee transaction fee. these fees will applied bitstine maintain the infrastructure and licensing required bank and any surplus will returned entercoin token holders through our profit distribution smart contract. monetising smart contract applications for multiple-party transactions bitstine will use smart contracts provide secure way for business and individuals honour and execute contractual agreements. will create user-friendly application using blockchain technology which can customised the user capture the terms the agreement e.g. names contracting parties deliverables key milestones terms goods services required trigger the payment specific performance non-performance clauses expecting timing and the agreed price the application will have web based front end and will flexible accommodate all types variations amendments required the contract the contracting parties agreed the amendments. bitstine will monetise the smart contract application through releasing reduced functionality version for the use the public via the online app stores and full functional version which can applied commerce. the commerce version the smart contract application will reduce the complexities and manual involvement track and meet contractual obligations and automating the compliance and execution. fees earned from providing smart contract solutions commerce will applied maintain the infrastructure and profits will distributed entercoin token holders using smart contracts. entercoin, the path sustainable future fees earned from stinex cryptocurrency exchange platform further source revenue will fees earned from token holders using our cryptocurrency exchange platform. anticipate more token holders join and more exchanges emerge fees earned from our exchange platform will also reduce. income generated from our environmentally friendly cryptocurrency mining facility the world moves toward adopting cryptocurrency, recognise our environmental and social responsibility (esr). bitstine remains committed and will reduce its carbon footprint through establishing leading environmentally friendly and sustainable solar powered cryptocurrency mining facility. diagram entercoin income and profit distribution entercoin, the path sustainable future our five-year outlook achieve the above, have set out our business outlook below: addressing the issue price volatility poverty typically cited key explanation behind unbanked populations, but other factors like currency volatility are also play. price volatility major reason why the cryptocurrency has yet capture the mass market. the value most the current cryptocurrencies available are determined two factors namely supply and demand. other than applying these cryptocurrencies payment method there very little support their value. bitstine will focus increasing the value entercoins through transaction fees earned from and transactions, ii) monetising and commercialising smart contracts; and iii) mining cryptocurrencies using its environmentally friendly crypto-mining facility. income made from these businesses will reinjected the system using smart contracts. the result will that the value tokens will backed mined cryptocurrencies, stinex, new infrastructure and income from monetising smart contracts. anticipate the increase token value will attract buyers resulting increased demand for entercoin the community grows. the price volatility resulting from increased demand can managed using our active market dampening approach. bitstine introducing business model, backed assets and compelling business proposition support the value entercoins. for every entercoin available the market the national currency (fiat currency) received from users purchase the tokens will preserved national bank account. entercoin, the path sustainable future expenses and investments the business will settled from bitstine's entercoin wallet and bitstine's national bank account. token holders will notified when their funds will invested infrastructure and profits made will again redistributed token holders using smart contracts. scalability the use blockchain combined with our green mining infrastructure execute smart contracts means that the number smart contracts executed flexible and scalable. applications entercoin using smart contracts the main objective entercoin establish entercoin communities and facilitate transactions amongst token owners not only within the entercoin network communities but also with other cryptocurrencies with the aim expanding community enable financial inclusion. success defined when communities commence transacting autonomously using entercoin, their national bank and/or their prepaid visa cards combination thereof. this point entercoin communities will able perform and benefit from: using crypto-exchanges and wallets applications through api, vpn mobile integration local and cross border transactions using prepaid cards (visa) commerce secure execution smart contract transactions and recording thereof smart multi-signature escrow functionality part take funding e.g. educational other community uplifting loans cryptocurrency mining using our solar powered mining facility solar energy investment entercoin, the path sustainable future entercoin e-wallet security entercoin built top the ethereum blockchain the use smart contract; and compliant with the erc token standard. the framework will developed using truffle, which development framework for the use the ethereum platform. http://truffleframework.com there will three levels security implemented into the entercoin wallet: jwt.io this will used for authentication and information exchange for when the token holders are logged into the wallet. multi factor authentication the wallet will have two-factor authentication, which the extra layer security also known "multi factor authentication" prevent the risk fraud. entercoin wallet holders can use the google authenticator application generate unique code when signing into the wallet blockchain contract-based oauth the apis the entercoin wallet such "deposit" "buy" functions will secured blockchain contract-based oauth. there will contract and blockchain code in-placed prevent accessing the back-end these functions (apis) the wallet. entercoin, the path sustainable future roadmap entercoin, the path sustainable future financial information details initial coin offering our early sale commenced the october and ends upon announcement. early sale details maximum offering for early sale early sale price early sale period coin distribution minimum early sale goal application entercoin entrc usd entrc gmt october until smart contracts will distribute entrc/tokens instantly upon receiving eth bitcoin minimum symbol maximum supply used make pp, payments, pay for goods and services. build smart contract applications entrc entrc for early stage sale entrc accepted currencies price ethereum, bitcoins, and local fiat currencies usd entrc coin distribution bonus stages release date period maximum supply (no tokens) entrc early sale :am gmt announcement bonus supply bonus (no tokens) cumulative tokens issued entercoin, the path sustainable future summarising the tables the preceding page the coins are available purchase the pre-ico and main ico. reserve the coins that could released later date. the coins will used pay for the initial setup bitstine limited and entercoin including rewarding the initial management team based kpis and executed using smart contracts. maximum the total supply coins have been allocated further setup activities and may burnt. how acquire entercoin tokens? entercoin tokens can acquired through purchasing entercoin ethereum bitcoins buyers can choose receive entercoin immediately their eth wallet, which they possess privately; receive the entercoin their private and assigned entercoin e-wallet. future anticipated developments where entercoin will available android and ios mobile wallet; desktop wallet for windows, linux and mac; paper wallet; exchanging any cryptocurrencies for entercoin using our cryptocurrency exchange. governance, instruments, requirements and regulation electronic money institution, are conscious the ever increasing regulatory and reporting requirements the financial industry. bitstine limited will consult with the european banking authority (eba), the financial conduct authority (fca), the regulator the fca has warned anyone thinking buying coins ico that they should only they are prepared lose everything. remain committed comply with regulation all respects enable offer full banking services the banked and unbanked population. are conscious the effort required regulated and licenced and bitstine will consult with various regulatory authorities and advisors within the jurisdictions operate ensure full regulatory compliance. see this opportunity for the financial industry advance its strive for financial inclusion and doing position cryptocurrency global seamless payment solution. will implement robust regulatory governance compliance framework supported internal controls monitor regulatory compliance, fraud and anti money laundering (aml) activities. initially will also implement anti money laundering (aml) processes throughout our business facilitated qualified aml trainers ensure compliance. entercoin, the path sustainable future company information bitstine limited company registration number: kemp house, city road, london, ecv nx, united kingdom contact support bistine limited uk: www.bitstine.com chief executive shadi ayoub shadi@bitstine.com general inquiries: info@bitstine.com support: support@bitstine.com entercoin: www.entercoin.net inquiries: enter@bitstine.com social media: bitstine https://www.facebook.com/bitstine/ entercoin https://www.facebook.com/entrcoin/ twitter https://twitter.com/enter_coin linkedin https://www.linkedin.com/company// entercoin, the path sustainable future