whitepaper envion mobile mining maximizing the value energy worldwide revised table contents legal disclaimer abstract ico global energy framework the envion approach the mobile mining unit our software infrasturcture security remote monitoring maintenance mining excellence company structure glossary references appendix restrictions for investors tokens use proceeds digital energy consumption global electricity market summary our vision unique selling proposition operating models scalability envion mining worker envion mining rack cooling system heat management envion sensor arrays unified unit control unified mining cloud hardware optimization process smart mining operations team history legal disclaimer the purpose this white paper present envion, its technology, business model and the evn token potential token holders connection with the proposed ico. the information set forth below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. its sole purpose provide relevant and reasonable information potential token holders order for them determine whether undertake thorough analysis the company with the intent acquiring evn tokens. all relevant legal information contained the token purchase terms and the token purchase agreement. this white paper does not constitute offer sell solicitation offer buy security any jurisdiction which unlawful make such offer solicitation. neither the swiss finma nor the united states securities and exchange commission nor any other foreign regulatory authority has approved investment the tokens. the evn token can categorized security entitles token holders receive the profits from mining operations. the token is, such, subjectto certain restrictions under security laws. the envion ico compliant with these rules and restricts access for us-citizens, greencard holders and residents the the category "accredited investors", pursuant the security act regulation rule (). all relevant legal information contained the token purchase terms and the token purchase agreement. certain statements, estimates and financial information contained herein constitute forward-looking statements information. such forward-looking statements information concern known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual events results differ materially from the estimates the results implied expressed such forward-looking statements. this english-language white paper the primary official source information about the evn token. the information contained herein may translated into other languages from time time may used the course written verbal communications with existing and prospective community members, partners, etc. the course translation communication like this, some the information contained this paper may lost, corrupted misrepresented. the accuracy such alternative communications cannot guaranteed. the event any conflicts inconsistencies between such translations and communications and this official english-language white paper, the provisions the original english-language document shall prevail abstract when cryptomining was still its infancy, was well distributed among couple thousand private miners, governed transparent rules and not harmful the climate because its energy requirements were microscopic. all that has changed: the exponential growth cryptocurrencies has led dramatic increase the sector's energy consumption and concentration mining activities countries with low social and environmental standards where electricity produced using predominantly fossil fuels. even worse, the concentration mining power the hands couple large corporations distorting the formerly democratic decision-making process these networks: changes protocols and hard forks are danger being influenced the economic interests few. envion has developed system mobile mining units (mmus) that can tap electricity directly the source: hydro, solar, wind and fossil power plants every corner the planet. our mmus are based standard intermodal (sea) containers, equipped with mining hardware, communication and industry automation features, remote control capabilities and break-through cooling system that only makes the system's total energy consumption. altogether it's high-tech solution that can seamlessly deployed globally and allows use the cleanest and cheapest energy mix wherever available. the flexibility the mmu system helps fuse two the most important sectors the century: blockchain technology and renewable energies. using the dynamics exponential growth for both, promote climate preservation and the welfare our token holders. the physical incarnation the blockchain spirit: robust and decentralized system that can withstand disruptions government policies, price structures and the energy supply. the solution envion provides has all the necessary competitive advantages, follows decentralized approach and provides voting rights for experience that has been under pressure from the concentration mining power ico details the evn token erc- standard-based ethereum token. evn tokens grant their holders the right to: receive the earnings our proprietary mining operation two steps: payed out immediately reinvested boost future payouts receive envion's earnings from mining third-party operations voting and veto important decisions the company's strategy tokens will offered for days, starting december th, and ending january th, evn ico conducted envion the first mobile mining solution the world targeting energy its very source. the offering will open the global public. restrictions apply for residents germany and us-based investors. token issue volume max. millions tokens not distributed shall not generated token price issue usd distribution token holders founder team envion reserve bounty program bounty program envion founder team token holder website www.envion.org accepted form payment btc, eth, credit cards ico start date december gmt ico end date january gmt discounts time period (pm gmt) (::am gmt) (pm gmt) (::am gmt) (pm gmt) (::am gmt) (pm gmt) (::pm gmt) token price token issue date january gmt use proceeds investment mobile mining units (mmus) research development and administration restrictions for investors are convinced that the global community deserves share the profits crypto mining not just handful anonymous players from oligopolistic cartels authoritarian societies. believe that crypto mining should decentralized, democratic, and evenly distributed operation one that open everyone who willing support the network and benefit from it. based these principles have created the evn token. this grants investors the right receive the full pay-out our proprietary mining operation. consequence, the evn token can classified security most jurisdictions. compliance security laws, holding token strictly limited three categories investors: investors who not hold passport; are not possession greencard; have residence the united states. accredited investors under the securities act, regulation rule i.e. investors with networth more than $m, excluding their primary residence, with net income more than (if married combined income $.). investors whose residency lies germany are limited investments above .eur. sec guidelines concerning regulation rule (c) demand that the issuer undertakes ,,reasonable steps" secure that investors meet the above mentioned criteria. the envion ico apply the sec safe harbour verification: investors have submit scanned confirmation securities attorney certified public accountant that the investor indeed verified accredited. such confirmation not submitted funds already transferred shall remitted the investors wallet bank account. these restrictions holding tokens contradict our idea giving everyone fair chance participate our crypto-mining operation and the competitive advantages the mobile mining unit (mmu) system. however, have comply with security laws and regulations. order reconcile these regulations with our concept fairness, are already working hard turn the token into publicly tradable asset. right after the ico, envion will begin preparing prospectus, register with the sec and apply for listing security token regulated exchanges. afterward, the evn token will finally accessible for everyone provided the sec gives the green light. tokens evn tokens are based the erc protocol, which determines that million tokens will issued with nominal price the final allocation set follows: investors founders envion company, e.g. for the remuneration dvisors, etc. bounty program any tokens not allocated investors, founders the company shall not created. other words the maximum token number can never exceed million, whereas investors participate with maximum tokens, founders participate with maximum tokens and the envion company holds maximum tokens (e.g. for the remuneration advisors). the tokens carry voting rights. from time time, when envion has take strategic decisions regarding mining operations, the company will bring these decisions vote with token holders who have the right veto the company's proposals. voting process will installed based the evn token's smart contract. the tokens carry the right receive dividends from the mining operation. dividends are calculated solely the basis the net profit the mining operation. they are not based envion's profit and loss statement (p&l), which might carry risks not related the mining business. the envion business model for mining has two components: proprietary operations (po) where envion invests in, owns and operates the mmus. token holders are the beneficiary the earnings proprietary operations. third-party operations (tpo) where independent company, such utility investment fund, acquires the mmus while envion operates them. for this operation, envion will rewarded with share the mining revenues. the earnings this business model will distributed token holders. earnings proprietary operations are comprised the total rewards minus operation costs: such as, but not limited to, costs for electricity, rent/land lease for containers, hardware replacements ensure the continuity envion's mining operation (stabilize the mmu's performance and counter e.g. difficulty increases other efficiency losses directly connected the mining process), depreciation and handling fee for the company's overhead). the calculation earnings third-party operations depends the agreement with the third party, but will exclude depreciation. and tpo will make the fund that ready for distribution token holders. but that's not enough our eyes. order accelerate earnings growth, have decided invest one quarter the annual earnings fund build new mmus and lay the foundation for more earnings and for exponential growth. three quarters the earnings will distributed immediately and that means weekly basis use proceeds have calculated the cost the ico (legal advice, production promotion materials, staff for marketing and communication, direct marketing expenses such social media space, banners, paid articles, etc.) $.m. large portion this amount was raised before even launched our website and official pre-sale began. expect fully cover the cost the ico very early november. therefore, contributions raised during the core ico will used entirely for investments and for building the company. the core ico funds will used for mining hardware, the construction mmus contractors and their deployment locations with low energy prices. investment per mmu estimated between and present. however, this could change due changes hardware prices and market conditions. for every capital raised during the core ico, $.m will invested hardware, translating into mmus present conditions. during the first couple months the roll-out, overhead and administrative expenses will not fully covered mining revenues. such, will reserve the capital raised from the ico for the roll-out phase (administration, research development, legal proceedings for token status publicly available security) and general reserve. goal envion stay ahead the competition and develop new potential ways mining, increase efficiency and detect pockets low-cost energy worldwide; explore the possibility using mmus energy sink places and times where renewable energies produce overcapacities; integrate the mmu system into smart grids; and finally transform the purely mining-oriented mmu technology into datacenter technology with much broader applications developing blockchain market. achieve these strategic goals, envion has started research and development (r&d) cooperation with the renowned german fraunhofer institute for solar energy systems. the focal point this cooperation assess what extent overcapacities solar grids can and will used for mmus, and analyze the economic viability relocation mmus. the budget for r&d part the administrative budget. for the benefit our investors, plan make the evn token available beyond accredited and qualified investors for broader public. this requires developing prospectus and involves complicated regulatory process with financial authorities various jurisdictions. our priority jurisdictions are switzerland, the and potentially the european union. will allocate funds from the administrative budget for this process well. summary funds usage pre-sale $.m ico ico budget investment mobile mining units (mmus) administration, research development, general reserve, legal proceedings for token status publicly available security the event the ico raises total amount less than $m, the use proceeds will gradually shift from investment containers towards administration and marketing. this case, envion will focus third-party business order maintain profitability for investors and deliver returns. the use proceeds put forward this white paper set according schedule feel committed to. nevertheless, circumstances, legal proceedings, and disruptions crypto markets, rewards and exchange rates might arise that could force envion deviate from its original schedule global energy framework the challenge the crypto mining business model highly dependent the energy supply. the price and availability electric power are the two most important factors for mining companies. macro level, the hunt for cheap energy has lead concentration mining operations countries with low socio-economic and environmental standards, and therefore cheap fossil electricity. negative consequences this low-cost, "dirty" energy, the mining cryptocurrencies significantly contributes climate change. the concentration mining operations few authoritarian countries meanwhile, undermines the distributed ledger system and increases the risk manipulations. micro level, miners have become vulnerable energy price fluctuations and regulatory changes. the competitive advantage many companies this sector depends the willingness handful regimes tolerate cryptocurrencies, keep energy prices low and maintain friendly regulations. that is, obviously, the business model industry its early stages. next generation mining operations will climate friendly, more resilient against local price fluctuations and regulatory changes, more profitable and more decentralized. consequently envion's technology-driven business model, which combines green energy sources with economic viability global scale, part this next generation. digital energy consumption the ecosystem one the largest consumers electricity worldwide. consumes about twh per year electricity enough equal the power generated germany and japan combined almost the electricity generated worldwide. within the sector, cloud computing alone accounts for twh,, roughly equivalent the carbon footprint the entire aviation industry, and growing fast: cloud computing doubles its energy consumption every four years. will grow twh annually and could surpass china and the us, the world's biggest electricity consumers, within the next decade, electricity might become scarce resource, putting upward pressure prices, not globally then certain places certain times. the source this bottleneck the grid rather than power generation. the fastest growing application cloud computing cryptocurrency mining. the amount energy consumed bitcoin and ethereum exploded within seven years from virtually zero twh matching the energy produced iceland puerto rico the energy efficiency asics and gpus has risen quickly, but has been outpaced the increase transactions and market cap. while this exponential growth provides excellent opportunities for miners earn rewards, the power consumed the information technology ecosystem also increases competition for energy. only those with safe access affordable electricity can put their chips work. global electricity market unlike coal, oil and lng, which can all shipped around the world, there global market for electricity. the electricity market highly fragmented, consisting thousands regional subsystems various jurisdictions where overcapacities alternate with shortages. while global energy demand continues grow dramatically, huge differences remain between industrialized countries and the rest the world. its international energy outlook the energy information agency (eia) projects increase global electricity consumption within three decades, from trillion kwh trillion kwh while the demand for electricity oecd countries will increase total demand non-oecd countries will double reflecting the difference gdp growth for oecd and for nonoecd countries. some this growth demand will met electricity generated from fossil fuels, but renewables will increase their share the energy mix from between and and double their output absolute terms. viewed over period years, this does not appear disruptive. disruption, however, happening within the sector. global scale, all renewable energy hydropower, which will due natural limitations grow only marginally. that implies that all the remaining growth will contained the non-hydro sector, i.e. wind and solar. the amount photovoltaic electricity generated private and utility scale has grown exponentially from mwp other words, the fastest growing source the global electricity supply over the next two decades will the most unreliable and volatile source and will depend weather conditions that even supercomputers cannot predict. this will have farreaching repercussions: governments trying stabilize energy markets will impose more regulations, and electricity prices will become distorted with large deviations between countries, energy sources and customer categories. consequence, price volatility growing result both the laws nature and government intervention. these volatile conditions will prevail throughout the transitional period from world powered fossil fuels and centralized energy production one where decentralized, renewable sources prevail. over the long term, the global electricity market will governed new technologies balance, store and trade energy between multiple intelligent probably blockchain-driven actors that can create much better equilibrium than regulation could ever achieve. with this mind, flexible players will able cope best with this new energy world. price distortions opportunities photovoltaic (pv) the fastest-growing renewable energy source, reflection the decline module prices from usd per watt peak (wp) usd this collapse prices was initially driven technological improvements and then accelerated result attractive feed-in tariffs, economies scale and chinese competition. meanwhile, feed-in tariffs followed the drop module prices: kwh energy generated earned usd while currently earns usd/ kwh most oecd countries. beginning the planet's sun belt, country after country reached grid parity the last couple years, i.e. solar power became cheap power from the grid (production cost transport and levies). this process has gone even further. india, chile and the middle east, plants get paid little cents (usd) per kwh generated, which only slightly more than the price dirty coal power. while the average price power already low, certain conditions the spot market can drive them even lower, sometimes into negative territory. the very nature wind and solar power, the drivers renewable growth, puts pressure the existing power infrastructure and has severe consequences for national grids and price structures. power input fluctuates with the weather and sunlight and leads overcapacities sunny afternoons scarcities during calm nights. other words, the massive expansion wind and solar creates opportunities for extremely low prices per kwh. examples california. sunny spring day, the state produces much solar energy that utility companies have give away gigawatts solar power, even paying neighboring states accept it. germany. similar overcapacity occurs when storm hits germany's northern shores and on- and off-shore windfarms into overdrive, producing excess capacity for poland and france. chile. here, power prices have not been hit forces nature, but the economic cycle. chile's atacama desert, the place with the highest intake solar energy per square meter earth, the government promoted plants provide electricity for the large mining industry the north. when the commodity supercycle petered out after due slowdown chinese demand, electricity prices collapsed and plants with break-even usd/kwh are selling usd now india. ppv capacity increased tenfold from mwp mwp creating excess capacities certain times and collapse electricity prices. this collapse applies renewable well fossil fuels. meanwhile, kwh the market for usd, and sometimes falls usd, especially remote areas where energy demand low. while electricity prices non-oecd countries are under pressure, the picture much more diverse the oecd. european oecd countries introduced range taxes and levies electricity prices partly finance legacy pv-projects that earn euro usd/kwh for the next years and partly develop the grid and finance new power lines for renewable energies. consumers denmark and germany pay and usd/kwh, while power production the source costs usd for coal gas and usd for the latest parks. simultaneously, governments have introduced large exemption schemes order preserve the competitiveness their industries that smelters car manufacturers can still purchase low-cost energy. the regulatory regime legacy feed-in tariffs, subsidies and exemptions has distorted the market and highly vulnerable policy changes. the european commission, for example, has targeted germany's exemption system violation european competition regulations and could even force the government change it. furthermore, social institutions are putting pressure system that favors the interests large companies over those small consumers with lower incomes. price changes could therefore come overnight both directions. the european union, india, chile and the middle east are only some examples the distortions, risks and opportunities that affect the global electricity landscape. our survey demonstrates that these markets are undergoing deep change that will force energy consumers adapt within relatively short time frames. summary the exponential growth energy consumption the ecosystem hitting energy market transition. the growth renewables the energy mix creating imbalances the grid uneven distribution power time and space. certain times and certain places, there abundance electricity straining the grid its limits, while scarcity might prevail other times. these imbalances trigger large fluctuations spot market energy prices, regulatory responses, and price differences between sectors, regions, time and climate zones. data centers are long term investments infrastructure, they have limited capability adapt changes the price structure energy markets. once built, they are tied their location and might lose competitiveness other locations price structures change. while new market conditions might lethal for traditional data centers, they offer vast opportunities for the global, flexible and smart mining operation that envion launching now. the envion approach our vision believe that system innovation imperative order for cryptocurrencies gain mass acceptance. believe that future mining operations need decentralized reduce their dependency regulations from single governments, powerful individuals, and fossil nuclear energy. future crypto-mining operations need reduce the systemic risks that result from being bound certain coins mining pools. thus, envion strives hand the decisive power back the crypto-community. must possible for individuals take part crypto-mining without tremendous investments hardware and technology. besides broad ownership mining operations, envion strives involve the community making decisions about key mining decisions. therefore strive reduce the hurdles for larger audiences take part the crypto-community. offering anyone the ability take part securing the future the blockchain technology, envion laying the foundation for the future crypto mining designing highly mobile low-maintenance mining units and offering our community the right vote for mining locations and for coin choices. our approach the technology that envion has developed represents the next generation data centers modular, mobile, flexible, low-maintenance, data-driven and therefore designed for the challenges the future. our flexibility strategy based three technologies: our decentralized mobile mining units (mmus) offer industry automation with little maintenance, are completely modular and have scalable design. they manage variety electricity sources and are able adapt different climate zones. built standard intermodal container, they have proprietary, highly efficient and failsafe cooling system, intake more than (depending configuration) and can turn energy into cryptocurrencies alternative data applications (for details see the mobile mining unit, page our central hub unified mining cloud (umc) manages the automated, decentralized operation mobile mining units worldwide. supports our mobile mining units (mmus) finding the optimal mining strategy depending the traded price the cryptocurrency, mining difficulty, real-time energy price location, hardware generation and many more factors. besides data aggregation, control and optimization mmus, our umc also handling and supervising all service maintenance operations throughout the envion network. our global smart energy sourcing (ses) identifies and secures locations with low energy prices. database that develop continuous process cooperation with one the most renowned scientific institutions for renewable energies germany. combines knowledge price structures for industrial users, feed-in tariffs for renewables, discounts for on-site consumption, grid fees, taxes, levies and exemptions proprietary, multidimensional system that helps identify the most efficient locations for processing data and mining cryptocurrencies. together, mmus, umc and ses build complementary system: ses software helps identify the most efficient renewable energy sources around the globe, while the mmu technology allows direct computing power exactly these spots order build decentralized and robust system that turns geographical flexibility into global cost leadership. the global cost leadership envion relies exceptional data-based capability: with the help ses don't just identify attractive energy environments country. zoom into the micro level find the most efficient grid locations directly transformer, wind farm park. furthermore, know exactly whether the jurisdiction allows this on-site approach avoid grid fees, levies and taxes energy transportation. this surgical precision exploits the imbalances the existing energy system unique selling proposition envion has developed fully automatized ("industry ."), mobile mining unit inside csc-certified intermodal (sea) containers that can shipped any location around the world within days (most transport routes) weeks (transport between continents). lowest price for energy the market. our mining units use low-priced green energy directly the source near the shore, the desert other remote locations. this allows always strategically position our mobile minings units (mmus) regions with competitive supply energy and provides with leverage when negotiating with energy providers. maximum energy efficiency. our mobility concept allows targeted placement our mobile mining units sites where thermal energy required for heating buildings, greenhouses warehouses. this way, "recycle" the energy used for mining. with this strategy, achieve revolutionary, low electricity prices. cutting-edge cooling technology. have designed, developed and tested radically new, self-regulating cooling system specifically designed for the blockchain mining industry. this patent-pending cooling system achieves best-in-class energy efficiency with consumption only the system's total energy consumption. true scalability. mass production scalability has been deeply embedded into envion's dna from day one. next custom components developed envion (e.g. circuit boards for management cooling systems), our mobile mining units use wide range standardized components that facilitate the mass production. our investment software safeguarding our growth trajectory providing the necessary means operate large fleet mmus. through our network partner firms, have been able secure prioritized access components such gpus large quantities. risk mitigation design. according recent benchmarking studies, the centralization hashing power the hands few risk universally perceived high large- and small-scale miners. however since envion able "mine" broad set cryptocurrencies, our mobile mining units reduce this concentration power, well the dependency single government (e.g. regulatory changes), single energy providers (e.g. energy shortages rapid price increases) and single cryptocurrencies (e.g. crash single cryptocurrency). supporting the smart grid. our mobile mining units are designed and built operate remote locations ("industry .") near energy sources such solar plants, wind turbines hydropower plants. our mobile mining units can integrated into smart grid and flexibly take the load off energy grids. the pivotal parameter for cryptomining the electricity price, where rewards and the depreciation hardware are similar for every market participant. for commercial miners, the cost data center infrastructure equally important. envion have addressed both these cost drivers with our concept mobile mining units: modular, simple, robust and highly cost-efficient framework for any data center operation with the flexibility and standardized size required for global deployment strategy. operating models apply the combination our smart energy sourcing (ses) and our mobile mining units (mmus) two business models: proprietary mining operations (pmo) and thirdparty operations (tpo): proprietary mining operations (pmo) produce, own and operate fleet proprietary mmus. our margin the margin after rewards, depreciation and energy prices. capex envion's shoulders, financed our ico investors. turn, token holders are entitled the earnings which envion re-invests order increase envion's future market share and maximize future earnings growth. distribution these dividends will occur weekly basis whereas profits will emitted and will used reinvest directly mmus order deliver growing dividends the envion community. mmus will remain active long the operation profitable. mmu setup with combination asic- and gpu miners, the total roi envion's proprietary mining operations (calculated nov. detailed overview the underlying assumptions well profit and cost drivers can found the appendix. while proprietary operations are highly profitable itself, they also serve proof concept that should help turn utilities (e.g. power plant operators) into clients. this point, are currently already engaged discussions with planners operators power plants that have approached envion. their interest lies the operation envion's mobile mining units (mmus) part downstream vertical integration safeguard their profitability difficult energy market environment. third-party operations (tpo) third-party-operations, mmus are manufactured and maintained envion, but the investment carried external partners, the "third parties". third party can investment fund corporation seeking upgrade its profitability. refining electricity, mere commodity, into sophisticated crypto-mining services the corporation moves the value chain and multiplies its revenues per kwh. with tpo, offer our expertise mobile crypto mining sector need revenues, leverage our own capital base and increase returns for token holders. percentage the total mining revenues the third party will claimed envion for operating the mmus and envion will pay the resulting earnings token holders. challenges the blockchain community the ecological footprint traditional mining operations enormous the total amount energy consumed mining ethereum and bitcoin large nigeria's consumption, country with million inhabitants, about the entire population earth. the guardian stated back july that single bitcoin transaction "devours much energy what powers households for day roughly times more energyhungry than typical credit card payment". traditional large- and small-scale mining operations get their power from regular grids based traditional energy mix. global level, that energy mix still dominated fossil fuels contributing pollution and climate change. for blockchain fulfill its own vision and become the infrastructure for transactions the future, the technology needs improve its energy consumption profile while maintaining its core principles: the distributed ledger and redundancy capacities. that big challenge for the entire industry. however the envion team are convinced that can help make the world better place with our mobile and flexible system which taps unused resources the renewable space. besides our environmental ambitions want strengthen the original idea blockchain and crypto currencies: distributed structure the hands many opposed oligopolistic clusters computing power intransparent jurisdictions under authoritarian rule. the very nature our mobile fleet mmus allows for widely distributed system and the voting rights give the community token holders ensure that important decisions mining are taken the community and not tycoons long term vision believe that next generation energy grids need intelligent, dynamic systems connecting legacy power stations with large scale renewables and networks distributed producers and consumers energy. the last mile, such system relies advanced metering infrastructure (ami) with smart meters energy managers and intelligent machines agents that buy and sell energy via smart contracts, using household's solar roofs power stations and car batteries storage. the energy world the formerly uninvolved consumer the century becomes active player breathing and flexible energy organism, managed smart contracts, paid cryptocurrencies. such world, the analysis energy prices global scale key for efficient crypto mining and data center operations. with smart energy sourcing (ses), are now laying the foundations for the software infrastructure necessary manage our crypto mining operation and maximize the potential and flexibility our mobile mining units figure scalability. containers can stacked arrays allow the best usage available space and maintain outstandingly small footprint for comparable data center. order become the leading player the emerging world blockchain-based energy transactions. scalability according recent cambridge study, many large miners are highly concerned with issues regarding the scalability their operations. designed our processes with this issue mind, resulting all-around highly scalable concept. deploy modified, iso-certified sea container that adapted suit envion's needs right from the beginning. partnership with well-established chinese steel factories, all the container's units are thoroughly prepared and equipped with most the required hardware, including envion's proprietary sensor array, remote control mechanisms and envion's hardware stacking system. this point, envion's units can filled with the computing hardware. currently this step undertaken the eu, however have plans for passing production sites the future well. after this final step, which facilitated envion's simple hardware stacking system, the unit can connected and can start working anywhere the world, remote power plant, rural industrial area even container ship, using the ship's onboard wifi and power supply. our team international energy experts has furthermore helped create power hub that allows envion's modular data centers connected virtually any high-power electricity the world. accepting the industrial standard vac via set adjustable connectors, envion's fleet remains flexible, can used any imaginable setting and can dynamically adjusted meet the required needs. the post-deduction phase, unit can even economically used solely transform excess energy such excess power potentials from (off-grid) renewable energy sources. given the low prices standardized grid-tied inverters, farms often use these standard modules array, creating ideal low-voltage network for off-grid usage power. after the primary amortization phase, where units are use off-grid use case becomes profitable. the mobile mining unit (mmu) development principles the envion team has developed the core technology ranging from circuit boards middleware application software layers for the mmu based upon clear set development principles and guidelines: mobility. the envion vision can only realized ensuring that each and every component compatible with, and supports, our ruggedized mobility concept (e.g. protection hardware components against vibrations and transportrelated issues). this largely realized using components designed and revised in-house. see "scalability" page for details. modularity. for the sake scalability, modularity one envion's fundamental design strategies. the modularization functional units and the creation completely modular environment are essential contributors the suucess our mobile mining unit (mmu). see "envion mining rack" page for details. cost-efficiency. the highest-performance device does not always provide the best value when energy cost factor. our goal create devices with the greatest roi the lowest overall risk. the core technology the mmu has been developed only include carefully chosen, well-engineered solutions with clear focus improved roi over the life the device. maintainability. keeping operational costs low the key suucess. industry .-driven automation approaches are therefore preferred over using human resources for maintenance. see "smart maintenance concept", page for details. plug'n'play. replacing, removing, adding, moving units and devices should not affect the operability the system any parts it. this end, sophisticated plug'n'play system should designed track and balance connected components. plug'n'mine. fundamental development concept that deployment the mmu full-scale mining should only take few minutes once energy and network have been connected. simply plug the device and mining will rapidly commence following the sequential startup sequence. expandability. simple, straightforward, function-based engineering allows for exponential scalability, allowing for virtually unlimited expansion our system. this ensures easy-to-control mass production and short time-to-market. cooling optimization. cooling essential factor for any data-center and the greatest component determining its efficiency. maintainable and errorproof system the key autonomous mining operation. therefore, have created largely passive, highly-efficient cooling system that keeps the unit running even outside temperatures above degc. for special purposes, like hot climates, this system will scalable without additional adaption (see chapter "automated cooling system", page system overview based fully iso-certified intermodal (sea) container, our mining unit represents highly mobile crypto-miner that universally fits into internationally standardized transportation systems. our design and engineering experts have made every effort maintain the unit's flexibility with regard stacking and arranging multiple units create easily-accessible data center array. the sea container design assures cost-effective logistics giving access standardized international transportation and storage systems. our strictly modular design allows for physical stacking and parallel connection several units. mmu mmu umc mmu (mobile mining unit) mining rack group mining rack group mining rack ... mining rig mining rig mining rack group mining rack group ... figure system overview. zoom from unified mining cloud connecting the mmus smallest entities. even the container's maximum gross weight, our units can moved and stacked freely means simple fork-lift trucks that are capable lifting tons weight. the mobile mining unit (mmu) contained within and includes the sea container, along with the complete system racks, doorman, satellite-communication, relays, energy measurement safety devices, mining optimization and central management system (uuc), remote control units and networking infrastructure for secure communication uplink. based industry standards, our goal for the first generation the mmu was that can work autonomously and therefore can placed anywhere the world. the only requirement for the mmu begin operation energy. upon connection suitable power source (see below), the mmu automatically searches for internet connection via multiple failover data links including wifi, lte satellite connections (including automatic unfolding, scanning bearing the satellite antenna locate and connect the appropriate satellite) with the help the automated internet connection (aic). once found, the available internet connection can initialize any attached envion workers (rigs and asics) and brings the whole mmu, its addresses, and its status monitoring controlling system units (temperature, power, fan speed) online. when the workers are fully-initialized, they quickly start mine and report the envion environment. the mmu completely automated and does not require manual interaction for daily routines. all this achieved modular control systems, which are connected and supervised the uuc (unified unit control). the uuc the brain the mmu: receives the information all associated and connected iot devices, brings them together, and controls them various levels. envion mining worker the smallest element envion's ecosystem the mining worker. this can asic, gpu-based mining rig other possible future mining cloud-computing engines. mining hardware the first generation the envion mmu contains the envion rig, which optimized mining device configured for optimal roi efficiency. with this goal mind, over- underclock gpus, test dual-mining strategies, and reduce overhead the operating system. new mining configurations based this hardware can published all running instances worldwide our envion umc (unified mining cloud) automatically. more detailed information with regard hardware optimization can found chapter mining excellence (page hardware maintenance one central asset our mobile mining units that they keep maintenance costs and efforts minimal. there are fully automated systems place which detect defective rigs, based address and rig denotations, that any maintenance worker able locate defective hardware within very limited amount time. envion already able instantly detect defective gpus software basis when they stop performing their intended tasks the desired performance rate. now, have taken further step altering bios names gpus (unique identifiers) and equipping gpus with leds that translate software-based issue detection into physical signals, allowing even uninstructed maintenance workers gain the ability quickly and reliably detect and replace defective hardware. these mechanics are merely fragment the efforts that envion has undertaken order ensure minimal maintenance; the entire mmu has been designed that anyone with basic understanding hardware and software processes can operate them with little guidance. for instance, all mining units are configured plug'n'play style, indicating that they start soon electricity and internet connection are available. furthermore, all rigs are equipped with led strips, that clearly visible when one particular section mmu loses electricity, networking other functionality, simplifying repairs. generally speaking, certain number gpus will stop mining after certain amount time, but there's simple fix for that: every mmu has randomized reboot schedule which reboots the mining rigs order safeguard performance, minimize maintenance operations, reduce the load gpus and improve heat management. this approach highly favourable contrast the sole remaining viable solution, which not bring the hardware its limits, but that could lead much lower performance, which turn would lead lower roi for the envion community. the process side, the declared goal envion highly standardize all maintenance operations. this means that maintenance operations are guided and controlled our software infrastructure that provides clear prioritization, visual guidance, effective control benchmarking and escalation all maintenance operations. mmu configurations mmus can configured either with traditional asic workers with our proprietary gpu-based rigs. the patent-pending cooling system includes specific options for both, asic- and gpu-based workers, which can installed fixed yet determined ratios. the main configurations are depicted below table and figure where asic worker-fraction depicted. due the nature air-cooled system, have created "medium (power) density" the rate mean reversion, the equilibrium level and the average magnitude the random fluctuations that are modelled brownian motions. this gives the following prognosis for eth/usd price chart (which, naturally, does not account for externalities, and therefore not seen binding statement). usd days figure estimation usd/eth rate. based ornstein-uhlenbeck process. mentioned earlier, there are several factors take into account when deciding which coin mine. there might periods where, for instance, ethereum undisputedly the most profitable coin, while other periods this decision could prone change daily basis. application coin switching our mmus are able mine all the most common mining algorithms (gpu-based workers). examples what are mmus can mine include ethash, cryptonight and equihash, well the important blake algorithm which enables the ability dual-mine two coins simultaneously. with each those mining algorithms, possible mine variety coins, giving lot flexibility terms which coin can mine any given time. furthermore, our algorithms track the mining performance each mining algorithm determine the mining profit all available coins and their mining value terms revenue. our real time analysis suggests that would more profitable mine different coin, the uuc able automatically command the mmu mine the most profitable coin that time without any maintenance effort operator. this enables react the market quickly and ensures that are not dependent only the best mining option given moment. dual mining envion has achieved operation dual mining profitable setting. dual mining, which means mining two coins the same hardware component utilising both coreand memory power, often regarded unprofitable because increases energy consumption significant extent. due the highly adaptable structure the mmu project, envion not bound regular household- industrial energy price levels, and can therefore offer dual mining profitable and stable setup, which will give additional performance boost. dual mining can, course, enabled disabled demand, adhering our claim high degree adaptability and flexibility for all envion's mining operations and therefore the unique selling point envion. our testing lab, have optimized hardware configurations for dual mining and can command mmu switch these configurations instantly. scalability with regard mining rewards the current go-to solution for small-scale miners nowadays pool resources and share processing power with other small-scale mining operations. here, individuals work together solve block, therefore increasing one's chances get block reward, which then shared with other miners the cost fixed fraction the reward, which paid the pool facilitator. with sufficient quantity mmus, envion able eliminate common pool mining favor autonomously mining blocks their own pool, ultimately ridding the envion community the vexing fees that are usually paid the facilitator well ridding the community from having share their proceedings with individuals outside the envion network. instead, the envion community will pool their internal resources solve blocks and share the rewards. company structure envion swiss corporation, headquartered zug, the so-called "crypto valley" switzerland, where players like ethereum project, monetas, bitcoin swiss and bancor have laid the foundations for major blockchain cluster. our structure very simple: shareholders are the founders, nobody else. this turn means that don't have satisfy the hunger institutional investors for returns and can share the profits our operations with our token holders fair and transparent way. operations are run the team founders (see "team"). the supervisory board ("verwaltungsrat") are co-founder matthias woestmann and cyrill staeger, who will handle administrative tasks. view the community token holders this context pool know-how and provider impulses for envion operate sync. after the ico, will found subsidiary for r&d and the management container production: envion technologies gmbh, located the german blockchain capital berlin. team matthias woestmann: investor renewable energies since the early woestmann financed the berlin-based solar module producer solon ag, which became one the leading german module producers. his investment vehicle quadrat capital gmbh has also invested technology and service startups berlin. expert energy markets not only germany, but across europe and beyond. jasper hellmann: serial entrepreneur and founder several ecommerce companies. his expertise the field social media marketing. hellmann founded ecommerce company and scaled euros revenue within months. felix krusenbaum: it-professional with over years experience strategy consultant a.t. kearney with focus digital, retail and ecommerce; years startup and programming experience; second career serial founder startup companies. jonathan koch: software engineer with years experience team leader rocket internet wooga. emin mahrt: c-level product and engineering manager; blockchain expert and advisor. cpo and operations manager aeternity blockchain; deep knowledge smart contracts; early adopter blockchain and cryptocurrencies nikita fuchs: software engineer and expert for ethereum smart contracts; design and development decentralized blockchain applications; smart contracts for finance, industry and ngos; senior consultant astratum.com. history first generation mining unit mining all environments dec pre-sale start dec crowdsale start jan worldwide exchange listing spring mmu mass production matthias woestmann met entrepreneur from the ecosystem, experienced professional, co-founder one the largest solar companies germany and experienced investor parks globally. complained about investment chile that began landmark project for climate preservation. with financial support from the world bank, the german state bank kfw and the canadian climate change program, the project was also hyped the media the first unsubsidized park the world. placed the atacama desert, the sunniest place earth, sold electricity the booming copper mines the chilean north for $./kwh. the copper boom collapsed, the demand for energy plummeted and with the price electricity. $./kwh, the once profitable park suddenly produced millions losses per annum. these events unfolded chile, global energy demand for cloud computing was increasing sharply and the niche world crypto mining was growing size. once matthias told his story the other founders, they began develop vision: connect the proliferation renewables with the growing energy demands crypto mining and thereby help both industries solve their problems. two years hard work followed. first, plans and visions were developed; then followed engineering and trial error: concept and strategy development: creating the envion idea and approach researching energy markets and potential future partners development the envion control hardware (custom developed circuit boards, energy components, monitoring systems, industry automation) development our proprietary cooling system: planning, airflow and heat calculations, design, simulation, prototyping and construction self-regulating cooling system for the units hardware optimization for underlying "mining" hardware reduce the energy footprint preparation the initial coin offering (ico): website, white paper, smart contract development glossary air conditioning acs automatic cooling system ads automated doorman system aes advanced encryption standard joint-stock company aic automated internet connection ami advanced metering infrastructure api application programming interface asics application specific integrated circuit asm automated security module btc bitcoin capex capital expenditures cpu central processing unit csc certificate civil service commission database ddos distributed-denial-of-service dhcp dynamic host configuration protocol dna deoxyribonucleic acid dns domain name system dnssec domain name system security extension esb envion storage blockchain eia energy information agency eos envion operating system eth ethereum evn envion token gdp gross domestic product gmt greenwich mean time gpu graphics processing unit high power density hmac keyed-hash message authentication code http hypertext transfer protocol https hypertext transfer protocol secure ico initial coin offering ieee institute electrical and electronics engineers internet protocol iso international organization for standardization kva kilo volt ampere kilowatts kwh kilo watts per hour lamp linux operating system, apache server, mysql database, php led light-emitting diode lng liquefied natural gas lte long-term evolution medium power density mmu mobile mining unit mwp mega watt peak ngo non-governmental organization oecd organisation for economic co-operation and development p&l profit and loss statement pcb printed circuit board post meridiem pmo proprietary mining operations proprietary operations photovoltaic r&d research and development rest representational state transfer roi return investment sec united states securities and exchange commission ses smart energy sourcing ssl secure sockets layer tan transaction authentication number tpo third-party operations twh terra watts per hour uhd ultra high density umc unified mining cloud umts universal mobile telecommunications system united states usd us-dollar uuc unified unit control vpn virtual private network wifi wireless local area networking references ,,the cloud begins with coal", digital power group, the report was sponsored the national mining association the order promote coal, but consumption figures are neutral regarding the source energy the independent, http://www.independent.co.uk/environment/global-warming-data-centres-to-consumethree-times-as-much-energy-in-next-decade-experts-warn-a.html prof. ian bitterlin, http://www.independent.co.uk/environment/global-warming-data-centres-to-consumethree-times-as-much-energy-in-next-decade-experts-warn-a.html https://www.techpowerup.com//cryptocurrency-mining-consumes-more-power-than-mpopulation-country https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_electricity_consumption https://cleantechnica.com////exponential-growth-global-solar-pv-production-installation/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/growth_of_photovoltaics https://qz.com//california-produced-so-much-power-from-solar-energy-this-spring-that-wholesaleelectricity-prices-turned-negative/. https://www.solarplaza.com/channels/archive//india-on-roll-to-be-a-solar-energy-super-power/ hileman, garrick and rauchs, michel, global cryptocurrency benchmarking study (april available ssrn: https://ssrn.com/abstract= http://dx.doi.org/./ssrn. https://www.theguardian.com/sustainable-business//jul//could-a-blockchain-based-electricitynetwork-change-the-energy-market http://www.energycentral.com/c/iu/next-generation-smart-metering-ip-metering; https://hbr.org///how-utilities-are-using-blockchain-to-modernize-the-grid brewer, d.f. and nash, m.j., may. the chinese wall security policy. security and privacy, proceedings., ieee symposium (pp. -). ieee. url: https://www.cs.purdue.edu/homes/ninghui/ readings/accesscontrol/brewer_nash_.pdf https://nacl.cr.yp.to/ https://www.pv-tech.org/news/_million_ifc_loan_paves_way_for_chile_pv_plant_expansion appendix exemplary hardware specifications kpi based exemplary mmu setup with asic- and gpu miners (split based capex investment) and conservative estimates (e.g. overclocking gpus), have calculated the total roi envion's proprietary mining operations (based current market conditions detailed table this estimate based the current mining difficulty and takes into account hardware power inflation (e.g. newer gpus are introduced that are more efficient) and hardware defects (e.g. hardware failures gpus) compare assumption this number based set assumptions: background assumptions value eth/usd rate (conservative number based data from the november btc/usd rate (conservative number based data from the november average local energy price share raised ico capital invested into mmus (refer white paper for details) total number mmus operation (relevant for calculation overhead share per mmu) (~$,k investment) contributor token share depreciation mining efficiency (due gpu power inflation, hardware defects, etc.) (gpu mining) (asic mining) table background assumptions detailed tables showing costs and earnings well key efficiency parameters can found below. these tables should give first insights into the basis roi calculations (costs and benefits) well into the performance mmu exemplary configuration indicated above. the model shown here simplified model the envion operating model. the following model calculation consists mixed operation (%/% based invested capital) gpu and asic mining. important recognize that this mmu configuration hypothetical. it's purpose best reflect reality which our operation will split into gpu and asic mining each operating separate mobile mining units (one with asics, one with gpus) depicted our whitepaper (this does not impact the business plan below). the purpose the shown model below provide approx. performance indicators that best reflect the actual units that will built. please note that this configuration differs from the first generation that have built (e.g. with gpu-based mining rigs with gpus total). furthermore, the calculation conservative and does not take overclocking gpus into account and based usd. components value total number mining rigs (currently gpus each) total number graphic cards total number asics table components inside the %/% configuration component performance value hashrate per asic th/s monthly revenue per asic energy consumption per asic monthly energy cost per asic monthly profit usd per asic mh/s output gpu mining rig (not overclocked) mh/s energy consumption gpu mining rig graphics cards rig (compare table individual component performance kpi component performance value total investment mmu including mining hardware $,. total investment gpu mining rigs incl. share mmu $,. total investment asic miners incl. share mmu $,. investment usd per eth mh/s $/mh/s investment usd per btc th/s $/mh/s investment usd per $/kw total gpu hashrate (eth) mh/s total asic hashrate (btc) th/s total energy consumption mmu energy consumption kwh month kwh energy consumption per eth mh/s w/mh/s energy consumption per btc th/s w/th/s total annual mining profit $,. total annual gpu mining profit $,. total annual asic mining profit $,. profit usd per kwh profit usd per mwh raw roi roi with contributor share roi with investment share table key performance indicators (mmu configuration: asic miner share). fixed cost factors fixed setup costs mmu) housing $,. energy components $,. monitoring electronics $,. mining equipment $,. installation shipping $,. other total $,. table fixed costs per mmu (configuration: asic miner share). variable cost factors monthly runtime costs mmu) depreciation (gpu and asic power efficiency inflation, hardware defects, etc.) $,. energy $,. local maintenance security, land usage, monitoring overhead total $,. table variable costs per mmu (configuration: asic miner share). apendix disclaimer cost structure depicted these table are based mmu with gpu miners and asic miners. the overhead calculation based assumptions that might wrong change, such as, but not restricted to, prices third party services, levies and fees crypto related activities, tariffs computer hardware various jurisdictions, expenses for litigation and settlements, changes the regulatory environment, insurance for directors and officers, insurance for containers, costs transport, changes the supply chain, expenses for experts production logistics, energy markets, data centers other business segments. therefore the costs for overheads displayed this document provide only rough guidance, but cannot guaranteed envion. the company not liable for deviations from projections described herein and will not award any damages based these projections. the above model shows the assumed return using annual projected token profit based reinvestment strategy and current mining difficulty market conditions. actual results can higher lower. the model sample calculation. the model should not regarded information for investment tokens offer solicitation buy tokens. the calculations are according the "use proceeds" (as defined the whitepaper) the envion ico and the distribution the tokens investors. calculations show the business case for the average investor (it does not take into account different token prices): does not factor the possible dilution effects any rebates scheduled for the four phases the ico (see our website www.envion.org). the private pre-sale ending the november evn tokens will have been placed order finance the ico and advancement the envion business case (e.g. patent application). the proceeds this placement will not invested mmus they also have diluting effect the payout. the dilution effect not factored the above projection because depends the size the ico. all projections are calculated before taxes, which depend mmu locations and and the question whether the payouts will categorized profits costs the jurisdictions these locations. therefore final payouts can deviate because tax reasons. apendix references have tested multiple gpus for our first generation mobile mining unit based extensive testing performed described our whitepaper (see chapter "envion mining excellence"). the gpu model has been chosen based cost/benefit ratios, supply/demand ratios, and energy usage among all viable mining gpus. the chosen model subject change. the hardware model selected for mmus will determined the time when component sourcing procurement starts. compare https://www.coinwarz.com/calculators/bitcoin-mining-calculator/?h=&p=&pc=. &pf=.&d=.&r=.&er=&hc=. for usd profitability) this includes housing, energy components, monitoring electronics, mining equipment, installation, and overhead this roi resembles the raw roi from operations. does not take into account that all tokens are not distributed and does not take into account that only invested funds are invested into mobile mining units (the rest spent for r&d and other company expenses) this roi takes into account that only all tokens are distributed among investors remain with folders, the company, are reserved for the bounty program). the resulting roi one that investor the company would have invested funds were directly into mining units (compare investment share) this roi takes into account that all invested funds after the ico costs usd (already mostly raised the time writing and maybe fully raised the time ico) are spent building mobile mining units and that tokens are distributed investors. see also and understand that there are widespread opinions the mining community what the correct value for monthly depreciation is. decided not include uncertain factors like the future development total network mining power into those numbers there are countless models that try make assumptions about the future development. our numbers reflect only hardware defects and include general yearly inflation processing power efficiency newer gpus asics come out. positive effects like rising prices cryptocurrencies (e.g. ethereum bitcoin) emerging new, even more profitable cryptocurrencies are not taken into account this calculation and offer additional growth potential for token holders might least compensate negative factors like difficulty increases. this means that envion token holders profit directly from positive market developments for cryptocurrencies. for full details, please refer our whitepaper depreciation per year means that full depreciation expected after five years, depreciation per year means that full depreciation expected after four years investment includes share mmu itself including share electronics and labor the roi shown the envion homepage shows per year which older number. decided not change the roi the website all the time but present very date numbers with this calculation. this calculation more conservative but also some factors changed positively why the resulting roi assumption higher.