powered blockchain the next investment frontier equiglobal.com page pape welcome note (by steve wozniak) our vision executive summary equi model- game changer the equitoken what are equitokens and equiunits? security token versus utility token security exhanges technical characteristics equitokens tokenomics general fundraise mechanics equi introductory fee equitoken allocation plans for exchange listing accepted payments fundraising timescales regulation and compliance the fund: structure, jurisdiction and applicable regulations the investment manager: structure, jurisdiction and applicable regulations the equitoken: structure, jurisdiction and applicable regulations roadmap the fund investment focus equi returns profile investment criteria project investment process allocation realised profits capital growth and distribution policies equi team founders investment team project team advisory team risk warnings and disclaimer faqs glossary terms contact the investors how get involved how achieve returns ongoing participation and updates accredited investor ongoing benefits appendices blockchain technology venture capital explained iii accredited investor criteria conditions attached investment this equi white paper document and any appended documents contain commercially confidential information and should not copied, communicated, disseminated part whole any party without the prior written permission equi. readers should read the section entitled "risk warnings and disclaimer" before reading any part this document. equiglobal.com page welcome steve wozniak, co-founder apple computer, inc. disruptor traditional venture capital investing the woz steve wozniak equi founder when was asked get seriously involved equi with doug barrowman and lady michelle mone, asked myself, could equi make difference industry way that experienced younger days the co-founder apple computer, inc. that's big ask and date have deliberately not gotten directly involved the crypto space, despite being the keynote speaker numerous blockchain conferences around the world. the more got know the equi team and their model, came realise that equi disruptor traditional venture capital investing. makes total sense from perspective tokenise venture capital fund and allow investors trade their tokens crypto exchange, rather than locked into investment for years, can happen conventional venture capital funds. liked the idea wider investor participation that equi offers, giving people the opportunity back the next hot investment opportunity that most get hear about the media after the event. it's chance the ground level powerful new investment movement. committed philanthropist myself, like the idea charitable giving that equi builds into its return models. that strikes common chord with me, where capitalism and philanthropy both have role play business. equi gives opportunity work alongside fellow entrepreneurs with proven track record this space. too share their enthusiasm and belief that blockchain technology revolutionising the world, both business and how interact with each other. looking forward equi journey and making difference this traditional sector that needs shaking bit, apple style. the woz equi founder equiglobal.com page our vision time, believe the equitoken will seen currency safety, particularly times high volatility crypto markets. once generation, new way thinking disrupts the workings established industry equi that disruptor venture capital investing. equi positioned sit comfortably between the old world conventional investing and the blockchain world, making new frontier for investment. launching equi, our aim open the space both crypto and conventional investors, and allow wider participation industry that traditionally has been the preserve large institutions and ultra high-net-worth individuals. the equi fund open-ended and tokenised fund with two main components: traditional investment fund, where investors have direct ownership units the fund, called equiunits; and the opportunity for constant liquidity through tokenised unit, called equitoken. the tokenized nature the fund allows investor liquidity take place through the trading the equitoken. the token can traded external exchanges and the price the token should underpinned the underlying value the investments that make. equiglobal.com equi backed board successful and visionary entrepreneurs. are grateful woz for placing his faith the team and the concept. equi harnesses our vast global network identify exciting new ventures that have the capability themselves game changers the business and technological space which they operate. our established and proven equi team will invest primarily the technology sector with emphasis companies that can make significant technological advances and demonstrate scalable market opportunity. blockchain technology itself area strong investment interest for the fund along with more conventional tech and biotech opportunities. the equi founders and team will provide ongoing mentorship, resources and strategic advice enable ambitious companies grow and succeed. this approach will help transform great ideas into reality with the potential generate outstanding investment returns. believe the equi model set game changer the world venture capital. doug barrowman equi founder lady michelle mone equi founder page executive summary equi technology focused venture capital fund which combines the conventional principles investing with crypto back end that allows value realised and then traded the open market through the equitoken. equi opens the world venture capital investing wider audience, both crypto and conventional investors. accredited investors will entitled participate equi benefits and rewards programme. the equi fund both open-ended fund and liquid, allowing investors the opportunity sell their equitokens external crypto exchanges time their choosing. the equi fund operates split profits realised investments, with going the equi fund managers and the balance reinvested back into the fund for the benefit investors. the externally traded price equitokens should reflect the underlying value the fund including any realisations that are made. prior the split being made, profits realised are deducted for charitable giving. the fund will issue equiunits and accepts subscriptions both fiat and selected cryptocurrencies. investor subsequently wishes realise their investment, the equiunits will exchanged for blockchained equitokens. launch, equiunit will cost us$. subsequent issues the equiunits will price which reflects the externally traded price the equitoken. all times, equiunit will exchangeable for equitoken. conversion equitoken, the former equiunit burnt and ceases exist. the equitoken erc token built the ethereum network and expected freely traded exchanges that list the token. order invest the fund, investors must become accredited investor. gain accreditation, investors must selfcertify that they are sophisticated investor and pass kyc and aml checks. this way, equi operates effective private investors club, whilst being regulated fund. equiglobal.com equi primarily technology investing fund with most investments being made high-tech, fintech, cryptocurrencies, blockchain and biotech. investments will range from seed capital through pre ipo funding. investments will made non-tech proposals (such real estate and luxury assets), but only where opportunistic deals can done significant undervalue and with wellcontrolled risks. this should provide frequent liquidity events and help diversify the equi portfolio. once investment made, the experienced equi team will proactively work with investee companies ensure that the best outcomes are achieved for investors, and the entrepreneurs that the fund backs. page the model: game changer equi open-ended venture capital fund with tokenised back end that allows liquidity events occur through the trading its crypto token, the equitoken. world external world conventional fund regulated crypto-trading exchange access unit burnt conversion fiat unit (usd/gbp/eur) token optional potential investor pass accreditation (see appendix iii) invest crypto (eth/btc) fund issues traded internal external crypto exchanges liquidity stored internal fund register held secure wallet converted for equiglobal.com page equi disruptor conventional venture capital models and has number distinct advantages: ultimate open-ended flexibility fund designed potential liquidity run cryptocurrency investment perpetuity safety firstly, the equitoken provides investors with the opportunity exit from their investment any point time suit their timescales and return preferences. having the equitoken listed crypto exchanges, means there large market purchasers for the token, ensuring its liquidity. the second major advantage that equi confers that the fund open-ended and intended run perpetuity. this allows the fund exit its investments the optimal time, when either the market strong and/or the investee company has reached the point its lifecycle that offers optimal returns. venture capital funds that have set lifespan often have sell their investments down sub-optimal value when particular fund coming the end its term. thirdly, the cryptocurrency trading market considered volatile, partly because the value various cryptocurrencies are based market sentiment and not any underlying assets. the pricing equitokens should reflect the value the fund nav, they have the potential become cryptocurrency safety during periods high volatility crypto markets. these crypto exchanges are running and transactions are almost instantaneous, giving investors the ultimate flexibility when exit their investment. this trading process external the fund, reducing the administrative burden and allowing the equi investment team focus its primary purpose investing. equiglobal.com equi will accept both fiat and selected cryptocurrencies into the fund and designed appeal both conventional and crypto investors. the aim create wider investor participation the equi fund and enable institutions and individuals alike get involved. providing prospective investors are able pass the entry level requirements the accreditation process become accredited investor, they are eligible buy into the fund. appendix iii details the accreditation process. page the fund investment focus equi the equi fund primarily technology fund covering all areas innovative technology, services, applications and products new, emerging and established tech sectors. examples such sectors are high-tech (e.g. software, hardware and engineering), fintech, cryptocurrencies, blockchain and biotech. the fund will also look backing technologyenabled transformative ideas more traditional sectors. the time-to-maturity will range from the short-term (less than year) several years (typically years) depending the expected risk and reward profile each opportunity. expected that the majority investments will made into the opportunities described above. however the fund's mandate will also allow investment non-tech sectors, maximum the fund value any time. this allows advantage taken highly interesting proposals that can provide significant returns, typically within month timescale. examples non-tech investing include short-term real estate opportunities and luxury assets such art and other investment collectibles. this allocation into non-tech investments designed permit diversification within the fund away from non-asset backed opportunities and provide shorter term liquidity events. equiglobal.com tech investing (primary focus) the aim build balanced portfolio tech opportunities ranging from early stage through pre ipo opportunities. the decision has been taken not concentrate purely blockchain-enabled proposals, since many the ventures this sector still remain unproven with too much hope value attached. whilst essential back blockchain technology, lucrative returns can also made the more traditional tech and biotech areas. the key have balanced portfolio with fund over exposure any one investment sector. non-tech investing (secondary focus) while not possible list all eventualities, the following two categories are areas where the team has considerable experience: real estate: speculative developments will undertaken and the focus investment here will acquire distress assets undervalue, which can then traded relatively quickly generate fund returns. addition, bridging finance will considered real estate projects, but only where premium returns can generated fully-secured basis. luxury assets: the fund prepared acquire luxury collectibles such art and cars significant undervalue, where these assets can traded auction. alternatively, might lend against secured assets short term basis for typically months return for premium monthly interest rate. the event that loans are not repaid within agreed timescales, the fund will exercise its security and ownership the asset will revert the fund for subsequent sale. expected that advances net realisable value will made against luxury asset classes. summary, the primary focus investing and predicted main driver enhanced fund value will tech investing. this suits the entrepreneurial profiles the founders and the equi investment management team. however, the non-tech side the fund should provide more frequent liquidity events and generate ongoing interest the external equitoken market. page returns profile tech investing (primary focus) fund returns will dependent both the risk profile each investment made and also the stage development the investment. the fund will seek back technology ventures that have exceptional growth potential and where substantial returns can achieved. overall, seek achieve returns times investment cost ("roi"). moreover, the earlier the stage, the higher the return expected and required; for example: non-tech investing (secondary focus) seed-stage investment series a-round (early-stage) series b-round (later stage) pre ipo stage roi can roi can roi can roi can funds invested funds invested funds invested funds invested while returns can guaranteed, these are typical industry bench-marks that the investment manager and the fund will consider when sourcing and assessing investment proposals. for both real estate and luxury assets the intention generate minimum returns project project basis, with the aim achieving blended annualised return across all the transactions undertaken. non-tech investing expected low risk for the fund given the asset-backing and secured nature the investments planned. nevertheless, tech investing high risk business, and prudent manager will make some allowance for failures within the total portfolio. allowing for failures within the portfolio, the fund will use its minimum return target five-year internal rate return (irr) allocating portion the tech investment strategy into blockchain projects, this designed boost the return profile. while actual returns could lower, returns higher than this are also achievable diversified pool investments this sector. equiglobal.com page investment criteria technology investments the core equi investment model will take equity and/or loan positions innovative businesses that can demonstrate vision and scalability. these businesses may require not only capital but also expertise ensure that outcomes are maximised. the equi investment management team well placed provide this expertise. the following general criteria will guide the investment selection process: vision: clearly defined business model with revenue generation mind experience: strong, comprehensive, dedicated management team with sector relevant experience already place product/service: minimum viable product/service offering place now point-oflaunch scalability: scalable business model, preferably global valuation: quantifiable business valuation from the outset investment exit timeframe: typically years (depending value-optimisation) stage investment: seed through pre ipo funding geography: worldwide scope quantum: year equi will invest maximum any one single investee company. from year onwards, maximum fund value can allocated any single investment, including follow rounds co-investment: the fund will consider co-investing with single-parties syndicates other investors and/or funds minimum equity stake/control required: the fund will flexible, dependent risk, stage, amount required and valuation equiglobal.com vision experience product/ service scalability valuation timeframe geography quantum co-investment equity stake page project investment process will take active approach: providing mentoring, advice and support for every investee company equiglobal.com the expected equi lifecycle fund investment will typically years. the process starts with deal origination and works its way through exit within future anticipated timescales. taking each the steps turn: deal origination transaction management the founders and our experienced management team have unprecedented access extensive pipeline investment opportunities across all the fund's preferred investment sectors. this recurring deal flow will real strength equi going forward. all stages through the investment process and including completion are managed the equi investment management team. prior completion, the investment manager will confirm the investment committee and the board that all conditions have been satisfied. once final board sign off has been given, the investment can made. evaluation all proposed investments have meet the fund's general selection criteria outlined section several meetings will have taken place with members the equi investment management team. prior credit approval the investment committee and approval the investment the fund board, investment paper will have been written and circulated. final sign-off will also required least one the founders prior final fund board approval. once approved, conditional offer letter will prepared. that letter will subject completing satisfactory due diligence and legal documentation. ongoing monitoring and support post investment, equi will take active approach its portfolio companies. the fund will assign advisor responsible for and adopt proactive role with every investee company. access the investment management team and founders will made available where needed. the aim for equi provide mentoring, advice and support for every investee company. due diligence exit the extent due diligence undertaken will depend the individual circumstances the deal and the perceived risk profile. all situations, detailed financial, commercial and legal due diligence will undertaken prior completion. only when all due diligence requirements have been fully satisfied will binding investment undertaking pursued. typically exits will sought within year timeframe. the equi team will work with management ensure that market conditions are favourable and that the investee company itself best placed terms its development achieve optimum outcome. page allocation realised profits the aim the fund continue perpetuity for every investment the fund realised profit the returns are split the fund and the investment managers. the profit share will re-invested new approved investments. the aim compound the growth the fund's nav constantly reinvesting investors' profits. capital growth and distribution policies equi open-ended fund that will continue perpetuity. can continue raise new fund capital continual basis from the selling more equiunits investors. providing the price new equiunits sold equals least the underlying nav the fund, previous investors are never diluted. the price set for new equiunits will the greater the underlying nav value the publically traded price the equitoken crypto exchanges. the second way which the fund will receive new capital from the gains realised investments. gains are split basis favour fund investors. the equi fund managers receive the balance %.therefore gains will reinvested back into the fund for future investment. not the policy equi distribute those gains individual investors, since anticipate that market forces will capture the increase value the fund through increase the externally traded price the token. the fund unlikely make exceptional distributions capital the investor base, since the tradability the equitoken provides constant liquidity for the investor the externally traded market value. reinvested the exceptional circumstance the fund choosing wind itself down, the fund assets would disposed orderly manner over timescale designed maximise the realisation proceeds. this advantage over traditional fund models with fixed-terms, where they are often forced sell their remaining assets within fixed time constraints under-value. final distribution, profit distribution pool would created and payments from made initially equiunit holders. the amount distributed equiunit holders would restricted the proportion equiunits still existence relative the combined total equiunits and equitokens issue that time. equiunit holders would paid premium final distribution over equitoken holders. the amount the distribution pool not paid out equiunit holders would retained the fund and ringfenced such that can used buy the equitokens traded externally the market. equiglobal.com page team equi backed group visionary founders with outstanding track record success both investing and building successful businesses. the entrepreneurial culture equi, supported its highly experienced advisory board and management team, set equi apart from most conventional venture funds. successful and visionary founders, advisors and management equiglobal.com page founders steve wozniak silicon valley icon and philanthropist for more than thirty years, steve wozniak has helped shape the computing industry with his design apple's first line products, the apple and apple ii. also influenced the popular macintosh. wozniak and steve jobs founded apple computer inc, with wozniak's apple personal computer. the following year, introduced his apple personal computer, featuring central processing unit, keyboard, color graphics, and floppy disk drive. the apple was integral launching the personal computer industry. went back berkeley and finished his degree electrical engineering/computer science. for his achievements apple, wozniak was awarded the national medal technology the president the united states the highest honor bestowed america's leading innovators. co-founder apple computer, inc. designed the first personal computer winner, national medal technology winner, heinz award for technology, the economy and employment founder, the electronic frontier foundation winner, hoover medal founder, woz co-founder, equi. equiglobal.com was inducted into the inventors hall fame and was awarded the prestigious heinz award for technology, the economy and employment for single handedly designing the first personal computer and for then redirecting his lifelong passion for mathematics and electronics towards lighting the fires excitement for education grade school students and their teachers. through the years woz has been involved numerous business ventures and his advice greatly sought after some the largest corporations the world. woz also serial philanthropist, having given his time and resources numerous educational projects designed further computer knowledge schools. was awarded the hoover medal, prestigious honor given for 'outstanding extracareer services given engineers humanity' and was inducted into the industry week manufacturing hall fame. woz has had strong interest blockchain and crypto technology from the beginnings the industry. regularly speaks blockchain events and conferences around the globe keynote speaker the technology and its uses. passionate about equi and its ability disrupt conventional venture capital thinking. going forward, woz will provide equi with his technical knowledge and lifelong experiences tech investing. will also make introductions equi the projects that regularly receives. page doug barrowman doug experienced and successful businessman who has spent his entire career investing and operating businesses. scotsman origin, doug graduated business studies from glasgow university went qualify chartered accountant with deloitte haskins and sells age his first venture was open paintball sites scotland. awards followed, and his success resulted the international private equity group recruiting him their investment team decided branch out his own again, setting and developing successful corporate finance practice which exited concentrate his private investment vehicle, aston ventures. founder, aston ventures private equity, property wealth management expert founder, knox group founder, the barrowman foundation founder, equi. equiglobal.com over the next years, aston ventures made acquisitions old economy businesses with total turnover excess million. recent years aston has focused technology investments and property investments. since doug has built the knox group companies and, founder and chairman, oversees diverse and successful collection companies whose business activities include private equity, property and wealth management. knox employs over staff across number international locations and has funds under management and administration approaching billion. self-made individual, doug keen philanthropist and, through the barrowman foundation, actively supports education and opportunity for young people. recent projects include building multiple schools africa well new prince's trust centre the uk. equi the brainchild doug and embraces his belief what blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies can achieve. doug successfully launched the first large scale property development available for sale bitcoin. equi another first; offering investment opportunities, backed leading entrepreneurs the crypto community. page baroness michelle mone mayfair, obe baroness michelle mone obe one the most sought after inspirational entrepreneurs our time. recently voted the uk's number female speaker, she renowned successful entrepreneur and advocate for equality for women business. founder ultimo brands international (ubi), the uk's leading lingerie brand for two decades, michelle received obe from her majesty, queen elizabeth ii, for outstanding contribution business; further honoured with life peerage the house lords the uk's prime minister following her successful appointment the government's start-up business tsar. start-up business tsar government founder, ultimo brands international winner, world young business achiever winner, corporate elite business woman the year awarded obe for outstanding contribution business awarded life peerage the house lords, government michelle came from underprivileged background found and manage lingerie empire that spanned the globe, winning the coveted title world young business achiever the epcot centre florida the same year she also scooped the business woman the year award the corporate elite awards london, and soon after hrh prince charles invited her join the board directors for the prince's trust, charity she worked closely with for the next years. lady mone decided the time was right sell ultimo and concentrate other business interests wide ranging interiors, technology, property and more. successful designer, michelle also turned her talents jewellery, and michelle mone for diamonique now the best-selling designer jewellery collection qvc. michelle has inspired, coached and mentored audiences and individuals over countries over the last two decades; sharing the stage key note speaker with former u.s. president bill clinton and mikhail gorbachev. over the past few years she has invested technology businesses and pursued interests the cryptocurrency market. late she was pivotal the launch million development two residential towers and retail complex dubai the cryptocurrency community with her partner doug barrowman. co-founder, equi. equiglobal.com page investment team tim eve stme cto tim qualified chartered accountant his early career focused advising owner managed businesses, and successfully led number high profile acquisitions and disposals. tim joined the venture capital company aston ventures partner. over the intervening years tim has been heavily involved sourcing, completing and managing investment opportunities. paul ruocco stme recto paul graduate and fellow the institute chartered accountants. was founding partner aston ventures and has over years' experience corporate finance and private equity. well having made multiple acquisitions with aston ventures, paul advises and mentors several businesses across range areas from strategic planning change management. paul continues work closely with the wider knox group. his experience and skills will invaluable equi going forward. david powell stme recto david qualified chartered accountant with ernst young prior holding directorships within aston ventures investee companies from david held number senior finance positions with public multinationals and private equity owned companies. has over twenty years' experience finance director, during which time has managed investor, banking and advisor relationships. david has been involved multiple investment opportunities whilst aston and industry. currently holds the group chief financial officer position knox and will also oversee the finance function equi. equiglobal.com page ogden stme cto chartered banker and former area director with hsbc, has over years experience all aspects corporate finance and banking. currently managing director knox capital solutions, which part the knox group. debt specialist, will structure the debt side any investment opportunity presented equi across corporate, real estate, and luxury asset sectors. andrew barrowman stme nag andrew qualified chartered accountant with pwc. his experience gained whilst pwc involved working with clients the banking and finance sectors. previously completed masters chemistry oxford university. andrew joined knox group and was based dubai for months, where acted finance director the prestigious aston plaza and residences development project. this was the first real estate development the world offer purchases bitcoin. going forward, andrew will perform the role investment manager and analyst equi. his science and accounting background will add valuable resource the team. sarah williams stme (property) chartered surveyor training, sarah has over years experience the commercial property market, specialising office, retail, industrial, and mixed-use property assets. sarah currently manages the aston property ventures commercial property portfolio part the knox group. prior her current role, sarah has held management roles behalf ashtenne industrial fund, norwepp, hansteen and spencer holdings. equi, her role will seek out value adding real estate opportunities, delivering strategic asset management initiatives and working enhance property performance. equiglobal.com page project team richard lynton-jones aising investor elations prior joining equi, richard was director crossbridge capital monaco, having joined them from the monaco office ubs. ubs, richard was responsible for the growth and development the uhnw desk, focusing client's with investable assets eur million and upwards. before his move ubs, richard was vice president barclays wealth (monaco) and barclays wealth (jersey), where his main focus was working closely with uhnw clients, multi family offices trust companies and institutional investors. richard began his career finance with coutts offshore jersey before moving london help establish the u.k. private client office for alliance bernstein, one the world's largest asset managers. richard chartered wealth manager and holds bsc psychology, majoring neuroscience from the university nottingham. duncan cameron blockcha chnical ector blockchain expert and early adopter cryptocurrencies. duncan's early interest the whole area originates from the royal navy where was cryptographer and communications specialist. after leaving the forces the mid 's, duncan worked applications developer the early internet. was buying bitcoin and getting involved the blockchain space. the author bitcoin for dummies and has worked many crypto projects make blockchain more useable and accessible. his crypto wallet cards under the brand prypto represented big step forward offline storage. has also developed high frequency trading algorithm for cryptocurrency trading, which the knox group has utilised great success. duncan also the founder the casinocoin foundation, which, through its casinocoin (csc) brand, starting gain traction into the casino and line gambling industry. duncan involved other blockchain applications, including the development superfast blockchain capable high transactional processing speeds. equiglobal.com page advisory team stephen meade ntre stephen entrepreneur, executive and business founder who passionate about creating companies that make difference the world. has the ability catapult idea from pure concept the creation functioning business. the past years, has created, incubated and architected successful technologybased companies. founded big bamboo llc serve the incubator for ideas worth building team around and bringing market. currently ceo monetapro.io, which fintech blockchain company for global companies participate corporate trade. monetapro.io recently competed and won the silicon valley global ico contest, which date was the largest ico competition the world. his earlier career, stephen was ceo upper street marketing (stock symbol: uppr); boutique public company focused technology around media, entertainment, and influencers. mark pearson ntre mark award winning digital entrepreneur having achieved multiple successful exits over the last decade. established fuel ventures early early-stage technology investment fund focusing high growth businesses. along with the fund and his personal investments, mark has companies his portfolio including fast growth paddle; platform for software companies and recently named the uk's fastest growing software company deloitte and moteefe. this company was awarded best angel scale investment the recent ukbaa awards. prior fuel ventures, mark built the european discount network, markco media, from back-bedroom business multi-million-pound company which sold for reported million, making one the largest exits that year. duncan macinnes ntre duncan started out early age founding his first business the age and exiting his early twenties. true entrepreneur heart, duncan has always been interested technology from young age, and surprise most his investments and exposure are the technology sector. has been early stage backer some the greatest technology success stories including facebook and deliveroo. founded one the largest financial arbitrage companies and continues provide direction and innovation that company. his investment vehicle now has companies its portfolio with heavy weighting technology but also covering the real estate, financial services, restaurant and crypto spaces. equiglobal.com page investors how get involved equi will inclusive fund which designed open investor participation both institutions and accredited individuals alike, regardless whether they are from the conventional the crypto investment world. culturally, equi will more akin private investors club, whilst following the guidelines fully regulated venture capital fund. equi fund managers equi unit the fund will accept both crypto and fiat currency return for equiunits. cryptocurrencies accepted initially will ethereum and bitcoin. post receipt any crypto funds, conversion into fiat will made the exchange rate prevailing the time purchase. equi not cryptocurrency speculator and will require fiat make investments fund opportunities. reinvested equi token the willingness equi embrace both blockchain and conventional world investors means that wider participation the token should occur. also hope encourage traditional investors into the equi investor pool, particularly those who have been reluctant date commit crypto investing and the ico market. equi intended easy understand business model which will give non crypto investors the confidence get involved. issue the equiunit, anticipate that the fund profile investors will consist institutions, family offices and ultra high-networth individuals. the balance will aimed informed members the public, both conventional and crypto investors. initially launch, equi will seek attract fund capital from the first category investors way private sales placements. this way, the fund will fully seeded and operational before fully engages with the public. therefore equi will not undertaking ico. however, anticipate that tokens will available purchase exchanges the crypto community within six months launch. equiglobal.com page investor restrictions equi can accept investment from all around the world including u.s. investors. accepting u.s. money, will have comply with the additional rules laid down the sec and detailed appendix this document. accredited investor order invest the equi fund, investors will have accredited investor. this involves two stages: firstly, investors will provide evidence their identity (i.e. "know your client" kyc) and information their source funds (i.e. "anti-money laundering" aml). secondly, investors will also have self-certify that they are sophisticated investor prior investment with equi. appendix iii gives clarity the guidelines and definitions what constitutes sophisticated investor. the sophisticated investor rules will not pose problem for the vast majority equi investors. where potential investors feel unable meet the sophisticated investor criteria, equi intends run accreditation process over month period, using in-house produced videos and written educational materials. once accredited, investor then eligible subscribe for equiunits the fund. electronic investor profile will created for each investor the fund's internal ledger which records the equiunits purchased. equiunits can converted into equitokens via smart contract and held equi wallet. the equitokens can then transferred any wallet exchange their owners choosing. equiglobal.com page how achieve returns equi unique the venture capital world since both open-ended and allows liquidity for its investors any point time, with access crypto exchanges.* liquidity achieved investors selling their tokens external exchanges where the equitoken listed. the price the token should correlate strong degree with the underlying performance the fund and the projects that backs. therefore investors the token can decide both the timing and the amount they wish sell based their own risk-reward preferences. perception fund value will guided regular updates from the equi fund posted its website. speculators the token may buy when they perceive undervalue, and conversely may sell the price considered overvalued. market forces will provide balance, assisted the underlying performance the fund and the real world assets that equi invested in. time, believe that the equitoken will become currency perceived safety, particularly periods high market volatility cryptocurrency markets. every project realised profit, returns are split the fund itself and the equi investment managers. prior being split this ratio, profits realised will deducted for charitable giving. equi company believes that have social responsibility redistribute the less fortunate, particularly where profitable outcome has been achieved investment. equi charitable foundation will set administer charitable giving. the foundation will have independent trustees the equi fund. reinvesting project profits back into the fund, this provides additional liquidity for equi make further investments. market forces should recognise these liquidity events and incorporate the news into the price the equitoken traded external exchanges. this way, there need distribute project profits individual equitoken equiunit holders, they will benefit from the realisation proceeds the form increase value the equitoken, which they can immediately sell they wish crystallise their return. for the avoidance doubt, equi does not control influence the price the token traded independent exchanges. any equiunits held our internal platform can converted equitoken any time. the transfer will both seamless and transparent using blockchain technology. see section for further information these exchanges equiglobal.com page ongoing participation and updates equi will fully transparent dealing with both prospective investors and providing meaningful information existing equiunit holders and the market. this way, balanced view can taken the price equitoken any point time. the principle means communicating with the outside world will through the equi website, www.equiglobal.com all the investments made the fund will showcased the website, with detailed information the business, covering sector, management, and financials appropriate. regular updates will given ongoing performance. details successes and failures will given including the likely impact those outcomes the equi fund value. the website will also give details any new equiunit issues and the pricing those units. the use video content and webinars will also utilised connect potential and accredited investors both management teams investee companies and the equi investment team. particular, regular access will given the founders equi, including memorable content from woz. each year equi intends hold conference prominent worldwide location, with the aim going through the past year and discussing future plans for the growth the fund. all accredited investors will entitled attend. the highlight the conference will key note speech from woz. accredited investor ongoing benefits since equi will accredited private investor fund, the fund intends operate member benefit programme for those investors who have invested directly into the fund. the benefit program will not apply external traders equitoken, unless they have previously become accredited investor. the types benefits equi are looking include are: access dedicated website content equi and business topics generally discounts products and services investee companies priority invitation attend equi events direct investment opportunity into investee companies, independent the equi investment over time, the investor benefits programme will developed further. the aim bond investors with the fund, thereby promoting loyal and engaged investor base which shares our values and vision. equiglobal.com page tokens what are equitokens and equiunits? equi fund that operates effective private members investment network. order invest directly into the fund, all investors have become accredited investors. become accredited, investors will have pass kyc/aml tests and self-certify that they are sophisticated investor (refer appendix iii). therefore equi not automatically open the general public invest in. recognition this fact, the decision was taken split the token into two parts, equiunits and equitokens. equiunits are equitokens are blockchain powered crypto token that equiunits can non-tradeable investment fund units received initial investment into the fund. the fund has direct control over the issue new equiunits accredited investors. the equiunit the fund's internal investment ledger. converted into. once equiunit converted into equitoken, the equiunit burnt and ceases exist. once converted equitoken, the token becomes external the fund. the fund has control over what price the token trades external exchanges who buys them. equitoken can never converted back into equiunit. since the equitoken completely outside the control the fund, there need for token holders become accredited investors. equitoken holders have access the fund entitlement receive accredited investor rewards. however, the event the fund being wound up, equitoken holders are entitled receive share the distributed proceeds the fund. equiunit always equals equitoken. launch, equiunit will listed subsequent issues equiunits, issue price will determined the current price the equitoken traded external crypto exchanges. the function the equitoken provide readily available exit mechanism for investors the equi fund. one equiunit exchangeable for one equitoken any time. the subsequent sale the equitoken the open market provides liquidity well creating secondary market equitokens. there secondary market equiunits. only the exchange existing equiunits for equitokens creates the supply tokens. equiglobal.com page security token versus utility token there great uncertainty the market what constitutes security token. each country has different tests. have taken the prudent view that the equitoken will considered security there expectation that return will generated, and any fund wind-up the token holders will receive distribution their share the final fund assets. this complex and ever changing area, individual jurisdictions try legislate for and regularise the crypto world into old conventional models investment. equi, will continue implement best practice across multiple jurisdictions ensure that are always compliant. security exchanges the token likely considered security, will traded compliant crypto exchanges called security exchanges. equi talks with some the largest crypto exchanges the world who are the process setting security exchange alternatively converting their existing exchanges able accept security tokens. addition, equi intends have its own internal security exchange operational within months launch. our internal exchange will fully compliant with sec rules and regulations relating u.s. investors. one the advantages the fund basing itself malta that the maltese government has shown willingness legislate for these type exchanges and provide support and guidance this area. this why number exchanges have changed their operating jurisdiction malta, including binance (considered the world's largest trading volume). equiglobal.com page technical characteristics equitokens blockchain powered security equitokens will utilise the established ethereum blockchain. this way, blockchain technology being correctly applied digital ledger record transactions equitokens. the equi platform will provide secure and easy-to-use interface. information held confidentially compliance with general data protection regulation (gdpr). the standard erc token the ethereum network uses militarygrade cryptography address security concerns. one the fundamental advantages using blockchain technology that provides unalterable record transactions due its decentralised network and underlying architecture. the equitoken will standard erc token that designed specifically for equi's use. the equitoken holder wishes retain the token can stored securely equi wallet traded externally crypto exchanges which list the token. individual equitoken holders will have access their own equi wallet. equi will have web based application that accessed through any compatible web browser. the platform designed simple and intuitive, and provides all the relevant information for investor review their own personal dashboard. equi fund managers reinvested equiunits converted into equitokens the conversion process simple and initiated the accredited investor. equiunits can transferred into equitokens any time. the transfer equiunits into equitokens done way high-tech, fintech, crypto, and smart contract, which then places the tokens real intoestate dedicated equi wallet for the investor. blockchain biotech luxury assets once the equiunit transferred into token, the unit burnt since being replaced token. once the token the equi wallet, the holder then free retain trade the token crypto exchanges which list the token. the equitoken completely outside the fund and the fund has control over who then owns the token what price the token traded at. equiglobal.com auditing the equi platform and blockchain processes prior the launch the equi platform, full independent audit will carried out industry professionals ensure compliance with best practice and recognised security protocols. page tokenomics general the tokenomics the fund consists two components, equiunits and equitokens. fundraise mechanics issue equiunits the maximum fundraise issue units. initial tranche million equiunits will made available launch this enables the fund start investing projects. the minimum target (soft cap) for raising funds million. equiunits are non-tradeable investment fund units which investors receive initial investment into the fund. they represent the fund's internal investment ledger. once the initial tranche million equiunits sold investors, subsequent tranches will made available minimum quantities million equiunits. the price set for subsequent tranches will the market price prevailing the external exchanges the time issue. equitokens provide external liquidity for the fund and this their sole purpose. when equiunits are required traded, they are converted into equitokens and transferred individual equi wallet. they are then capable being traded independently the equi fund external exchanges. the token can never transferred back into the fund. subsequent issues once issue has been fully invested, issue equiunits will issued the externally traded price the equitoken prevailing the time the subsequent issue. this enables the fund remain open-ended and also prevents dilution the investor base issue equiunit always equals equitoken winding the fund when equiunit transferred into equitoken the equiunit burnt and ceases exist. this way, there will never duplication the unit and the token. although the fund intended continue perpetuity, the event cessation the fund, assets will disposed orderly manner and will then distributed all individual equiunit and equitoken holders. the equiunit holders will paid out first and will receive uplift pro rata entitlement over equitoken holders. the balance will then paid over equitoken holders. any subsequent issues equitokens, the same will held back each issue, for fma, promo and infrastructure. equiunits are administered the fund. equitokens are controlled separate company. the sole function the token company provide mechanism for trading equitokens. well external exchanges, the token company has plans build internal exchange within the first months launch. the internal exchange will provide additional liquidity for the equitoken, external security exchanges come stream. founders, management and advisers (fma) have entitlement any equiunits. their reward relies solely the equity carry realised investment projects. fma however participate separately the token company with allocation equitokens, detailed section this separate reward for creating market making mechanism that facilitates liquidity the equitoken. equiglobal.com equi introductory fee per the industry standard, the fund will charge introductory fee committed capital investing into the fund. this will used fund set-up and administration costs. page equitoken allocation founders, management advisors (fma) the token company separate the fund and the sole issuer equitokens. its only other function provide liquidity for the equitoken, either through its own internal exchange through listing external security exchanges. has investment function. issue authorised token supply the creation additional equitokens can only occur when the fund creates new issues equiunits. equitoken allocation issued issue founders and team advisors promo and community infrastructure and reserve available for conversion total available for conversion (%) founders team (%) advisors (%) infrastructure reserve (%) equiglobal.com promo community (%) fma receive their equitokens from issue time launch. however, these equitokens are subject month lock period and can only sold the externally traded price the equitoken above value time sale. any subsequent issues equitokens, fma can only sell their tokens providing the traded price the equitoken least equal the issue price time intended sale. promo and community allocation the token supply has been made available reward and incentivise investors and introducers alike who make successful introductions the fund. success defined having raised money for the fund. for the avoidance doubt are not running bounty campaign ico. this version equi separate proposition any previous white paper baring the equi name, including the legal entities and agreements involved. infrastructure and set reserve token allocation has been created allow for the building the token company's business infrastructure including the creation internal trading exchange. this reserve also covers provision for listing payments external trading exchanges. the tokens for this reserve will sold direct investors under the governance saft agreement. this quite separate the sale equiunits the fund. allocated follows: platform, technology, hardware hr, operations, fixed costs sales marketing, outreach legal, due diligence compliance and jurisdiction total page plans for exchange listing the equitoken will listed externalas security exchanges which are expected come stream the next months. are discussions with number leading exchanges that have well established user bases, high volumes and strong history customer relations and security audits. will only work with exchanges that have open and transparent cold storage techniques and where owners are listed and publicly known. addition external exchanges, the token company will aim build its own internal exchange within month period. the idea behind the internal exchange build standard that can accept u.s. investor monies under sec rules. accepted payments equi accepts payments both fiat and selected cryptocurrencies. preferred fiat currency will usd, gbp and eur. accepted cryptocurrency will initially restricted bitcoin (btc) and ether (eth). fundraising timescales there defined timescale fundraise. equi open-ended fund that can take funds any time. equi will initially seed the fund through private sale individuals and institutions, both from the crypto and conventional world. since investor money going directly into the fund itself, this enables equi start making investments once the soft cap million has been reached. investors receive equiunits that reflect the underlying value the fund the time they invest. equiglobal.com equi fund managers reinvested page regulation and compliance the fund: structure, jurisdiction and applicable regulations the equi fund will conventional investment fund limited liability company incorporated and registered under the laws malta, and subject the regulations the malta financial services authority (mfsa), the country's financial regulator. the equiunit will the form share with fixed nominal value and certain specific rights and entitlements. subscription will available only qualifying accredited investor institutions and individuals. the fund board will appoint (a) investment committee; and (b) the investment manager. the board will responsible for the conduct the company's business and will provide final authorisation for investments made the fund. the investment committee (which may contain members the board well members who are not officers the company) will act internal advisor the board, recommending investments made the fund. the final decision proceed with investment and the terms thereof will made the board. malta jurisdiction that complies with and helps develop international best practice and actively involved with the oecd, the and the commonwealth modelling global regulatory policy. the mfsa member the european banking authority (eba) and the european securities and markets authority (esma). the mfsa forms part the single supervisory mechanism (ssm) within the european central bank (ecb) and participates the ssm supervisory board decision making. the mfsa also member the international organisation securities commissions (iosco) and signatory the multilateral memorandum understanding with other members these institutions. described the section "the equitoken: structure, jurisdiction and applicable regulations" malta also jurisdiction which has positioned itself crypto and blockchain friendly hub europe. equiglobal.com page the investment manager: structure, jurisdiction and applicable regulations the investment manager will independent company appointed the fund board advise the fund (and the investment committee) suitable investments, propose and negotiate investment terms with third parties including potential investee entities, manage the investment process before and after once investment approval has been given the fund board, monitor performance and assist the investee entity, required, achieved its objectives for the benefit the fund, including realisation the investment. the investment manager will limited liability company incorporated and registered under the laws malta. other than short-term measure and ancillary active transaction behalf the fund, the investment manager will not hold fund monies. the investment manager will remunerated though (a) fixed percentage fee per annum the funds invested held for investment the fund (which will recoverable the fund fees from the investee companies) and (b) performance fee the net profits from each investment realisation made the fund. each investment realisation will dealt with single case unconnected other realisations the general fund performance. the investment manager will not contribute losses incurred and there will not high watermark mechanism. the equitoken: structure, jurisdiction and applicable regulations operation the equitoken will undertaken under maltese regulations since that jurisdiction leading proponent regulations related crypto trading and positively encourages the crypto and block chain industry. there willingness the part the maltese government develop and implement regulations and legislation that ensures the future the industry its jurisdiction. june the maltese government passed three cryptocurrency and blockchain laws that are designed position malta international crypto business hub. equi will take the best available legal advice from firms who specialise the cryptocurrency and blockchain world. legislation and best practice evolves, equi will take account new developments and appropriate will adapt its operational rules and procedures accordingly. equi committed remaining fully compliant with the regulatory obligations force all times. equi will also maintain compliance with regulations regarding data protection, including the recent general data protection regulations (gdpr (eu) /). equiglobal.com page roadmap october through december: equi expected launch october the formative work required become operational has already been undertaken. the roadmap looks follows: complete outstanding tasks announce woz founder equi launch equi january through september: founders, management and advisors team complete white paper and concept fully developed actively fundraise and complete minimum fundraise $million for fund soft cap build internal equiunit register blockchain and erc token work first phase completed complete blockchain and erc token work for the equitoken seed capital and investor white list ongoing process legal sign off all regulation and compliance, including jurisdictional advice malta regulation and compliance advanced stage jurisdiction and office location ongoing process start making investments for the fund legal advice ongoing process list equitoken external exchanges terms and conditions ongoing process website design advanced stage equiglobal.com january onwards: commence build internal equitoken exchange ongoing fundraising for the equi fund strong promotional and activity page risk warnings and disclaimer purpose: exclusion liability: this white paper ("white paper") selectively and restrictively released commercially-sensitive and proprietary business concept and information ("white paper information") with the purpose introducing the concept and receiving feedback from professional advisors, commentators and potentially interested parties. event shall equi, any current former employees, officers, directors, partners, trustees, representative, agents, advisors, contractors, volunteers any equi (collectively, "representatives") through any person's reliance the white paper information liable for: (i) any loss profits, lost savings incidental, indirect, special consequential damages, arising out any use inability use the white paper information; (ii) any information contained this white paper including any expectation promise representation warranty arising (or purportedly arising) therefrom; (iii) any losses damages arising out connection with the subsequent subscription, purchase, use, exchange, sale, storage otherwise the equiunits equitokens (terms respect which are not any event contained this white paper). applicable law does not allow all any part the above exclusion liability apply the reader, the limitations will apply the maximum extent permitted applicable law. nature draft: this white paper will amended and supplemented the light such feedback and subject also further professional advice before any form offering prospectus disseminated potential investors any part the world. only that stage will invitation invest made. offer securities registration: accordingly, for the avoidance all doubt: this white paper does not constitute prospectus offer solicitation offer treat any sort and specifically not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. person may bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment reliance all any part this white paper. any agreement relation any subscription for equiunits governed the terms and conditions specific offer document and related agreement and other document (including this white paper). the event any inconsistencies between the terms and conditions that agreement and this white paper information, the agreement terms and conditions shall prevail. regulatory authority has examined approved any the white paper information. the publication, distribution dissemination the white paper information does not imply that any applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. advice: part this white paper should considered investment, business, legal, financial tax advice regarding equi, the fund, the equiunits the equitokens. equiglobal.com representation: none equi, and each the representatives makes nor purports make this white paper any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, (including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the white paper information) which any such entity person may rely upon. restrictions distribution and dissemination the available information: the distribution dissemination howsoever all any part the white paper information may prohibited restricted the laws, regulatory requirements and rules certain jurisdictions. the case where any such restriction applies, the reader responsible for informing him/her/itself respect the same and for observing any such restrictions, which are applicable the possession and/or dissemination all any part the white paper information his/her/its own expense and without liability equi, any representative. persons whom copy all any part this white paper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have all any part the white paper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. page frequently asked questions what equi? equi will blockchain powered venture capital fund which combines the conventional principles investing fund with tokenised back end that allows value determined and then traded the market through the equitoken. equi will open ended fund that allows ongoing liquidity events for its investor base. how can buy equiunits? new issues equiunits may purchased direct from the fund and paid for both fiat and selected cryptocurrencies. order buy direct, investors must pass kyc tests and self-certify that they are sophisticated investor. there are member benefits being part the equi accredited benefits scheme. what are equitokens? the equitoken will erc token built using the established ethereum blockchain. when held internally the equi platform, will record investor funds received into equiunits. when equiunits are required traded, they are converted into equitokens and transferred individual equi wallet. they are then capable being traded independently the equi fund external exchanges. equiunit always equals equitoken. how the price equitoken derived? the equitoken price should correlate with the underlying value the investments that equi makes. this correlation between fund and token should provide mechanism for external market forces determine the price the token. believe this will bring stability the token price and hope that one day equitoken will seen currency safety, where periods high volatility are being experienced the crypto market. what happens the gains realised fund projects? when fund backed project sold profit, gains will distributed favour the investors. however, first deducted from profits for charitable giving prior applying the calculation. the will the equi fund managers reward and industry norm within the venture capital industry. the balance %will reinvested back into the fund enable further investments made and perpetuate the lifecycle the fund. since market forces will capture the enhanced fund performance terms price increase the token, there will need distribute individual profits individual token holders. equiglobal.com page what will happen the fund decides wind itself up? equi expected fund that will continue perpetuity with need ever close down run out funds invest. however, the decision was ever taken close down the fund and distribute value, the final cash balance the fund would paid back the equiunit and equitoken holders proportion their holding the fund. the amount paid out equiunit holders will attract premium over equitoken holders. once the equiunit holders are paid out, the balance will distributed equitoken holders. what investments will equi back? equi will primarily technology investing fund least funds being allocated tech, biotech and blockchain investments. will also look back other innovative technology, services product ideas more traditional areas. the remaining will allocated real estate and luxury assets. here the opportunity exists acquire undervalue and provide liquidity events premium for the fund shorter timeframe compared investments technology companies. you actually need ico (in coin offering)? equi will initially raise its capital privately from syndicates investors without specifically targeting the general public through crowd sale funding process. this will allow the fund incubate itself and grow size where the wider public and crypto community will have the additional confidence invest.wider ownership the token good for liquidity the exchanges that list equitokens. the equitoken considered security? although there defined criteria for what considered security token, and will likely vary jurisdiction, have taken the prudent view consider the equitoken security token. such the token will tradable compliant security exchanges, which are discussions with number the largest. addition, equi intends build its own internal security exchange, which will u.s. investor compliant. how will receive updates equi and the fund? updates and relevant news will posted the websites, www.equiglobal.com, and social media channels. equi will operate with complete transparency and proactively work with investors and the community. equiglobal.com page glossary terms "advisory board" committee established the fund board advise matters might described. "aml" anti-money laundering. the set procedures, laws, and regulations designed stop the practice generating income through illegal actions. "blockchain" digitized, decentralized, public ledger all cryptocurrency transactions. "burnt (units shares)" the removal units from the fund, and any associated right redemption. "closed-ended fund" fund that issues fixed number non-redeemable shares. "erc token" set methods and functions that must met order for smart contract qualify erc token. they are designed and used solely the ethereum platform. "ethereum" cryptocurrency and decentralized network. "ethereum virtual machine" ethereum-based system designed serve runtime environment for smart contracts providing security and executing untrusted code computers all over the world. "equiunit" the internal unitized record investments made into the fund. "equitoken" the equi-specific erc token that will traded external exchanges. its price will underpinned both demand and value investments made. "fund" "equi fund" the investment vehicle and unit issuer. form collective investment scheme. fund capital total amount investment available the fund. "gdpr" the general data protection regulation (gdpr) (eu) regulation law data protection and privacy for all individuals within the european union (eu) and the european economic area (eea). "initial coin offering (ico)" fundraising mechanism which new projects sell their underlying crypto tokens exchange for recognized cryptocurrencies fiat currency. "investment advisory committee" "iac" committee established the fund's board advise equi's pipeline new potential investments, research investment opportunities, monitoring the performance existing investments and determining the strategic focus the equi fund. equiglobal.com page "irr" internal rate return. estimate the profitability investments, taking into account npv (described below). "kyc" know your client/customer. requirement know and keep records the essential facts each client (in this case investors) well identify each person who has authority act the client's behalf. "lock (lock-up) period" predetermined amount time whereby holders units are restricted from selling them. "mfsa" the malta financial services authority (mfsa) the single regulator for financial services malta. "nav" the net asset value the fund. calculated estimating the value all fund assets minus any fund liabilities. "npv" net present value. the expected net cash proceeds from project taking into account the predicted time value money. "open-ended fund" fund that can issue redeem units the fund any time. "roi" return investment, usually expressed percentage. roi (proceeds from the sale investment cost investment) cost investment. "saft agreement" simple agreement for future tokens. contract that sets out the terms for the purchase crypto tokens that have not yet been minted. "sec" u.s. securities and exchange commission. independent agency the united states federal government. the sec holds primary responsibility for enforcing the federal securities laws, proposing securities rules, and regulating the securities industry, the nation's stock and options exchanges, and other activities and organizations, including the electronic securities markets the united states. "security token" crypto tokens that are deemed 'security' per relevant scheme regulation whether the u.s. (securities act securities exchange act applied under the "howey test" the (financial services and markets act elsewhere. the definition and criteria this token constantly changing and evolving until press time. "smart contract" self-executing contracts with the terms the agreement between buyer and seller being written into lines code that execute across distributed and decentralized blockchain network. "ultra high-net-worth (uhnw)" individual with net worth least usd constant dollars. "utility token" tokens that represent access company's product service and not have the character security. "venture capital" capital provided project which there normally substantial element risk associated. typically startup companies small businesses that are believed have long-term growth potential. "vfaa" the virtual financial assets act passed malta that regulates distributed ledger technology. equiglobal.com page powered blockchain -en ded can ccep nvest (gbp, eur) cryp avo equ will contact can ach team nne ppo equi obal .com w.e obal .com equiglobal.com page appendices blockchain technology blockchain digital ledger transactions records. these 'blocks' data are managed across endless number public computers (known peers) that are connected the network and store date versions the blockchain. block the 'current' part blockchain, which records some, all, the recent transactions. once completed, block goes into the blockchain permanent database. each time new record completed, new block generated. there countless number such blocks the blockchain. the blocks are not randomly placed, but are linked each other, like chain, proper linear, chronological order with every block containing record the previous block. the database ever growing; expanding tandem with the amount transactions made the network. the decentralized nature blockchain technology ensures that transactions are immutable and thus immune change, offering full transparency for each and every transaction. add that the traits increased security, higher efficiency, resistance error and reduced transaction costs, leaves doubt why many are excited about blockchain's possible future uses. the utility blockchain technology endless, with ever-growing list companies, industries and governments looking further explore its potential. the block broadcast network comprising computers known 'nodes' mrs requests transaction send coin the transaction represented 'block' equiglobal.com the new block then added the existing blockchain and permanent and unalterable entry the nodes network validate and approve the transaction the transaction completed and coin moves from mrs page venture capital explained venture capital form financing that provided individuals, firms, institutions small, early-stage, emerging companies that are deemed have high growth potential but don't have access equity markets. such investments are generally classified higher risk the companies are less developed, and capital invested often illiquid. however, when the right ventures are selected, these companies are capable providing impressive returns. there are different stages venture capital investment: seed stage the first external investment that helps get company off the ground early stage investment provided company that has successfully proven its concept, order accelerate their sales and marketing efforts growth stage/series further rounds provide additional financial support grow the venture its next stage development usually through enhanced sales and marketing strategy within the venture capital space, the two most typically used structures are equity and convertible debt: equity the issuing common stock preferred stock. once invested, equity owned outright until some type sale liquidity event the company. unlike debt, equity does not require repayment but invested return for percentage stake the company. convertible debt loan which gives the holder option convert into equity. the event this option not exercised, the loan will become repayable some stage. however, common practice for sophisticated investors treat their loan investment akin equity stake. equiglobal.com page iii accredited investor criteria the process which potential investor can become accredited follows: the applicant must first all pass all kyc and aml checks providing details their identity, address, and information regarding their source funds. they then must certify themselves sophisticated investor high net worth individual fall within another available category exemption. this jurisdiction dependent and the potential investor should seek their own guidance whether they fall under any the relevant criteria for their country residence. however, for the united kingdom and the united states and way example, the criteria are follows: united kingdom the potential investor may, apart from other exempt categories, either certify high-net-worth investor, self-certify sophisticated investor per the fca (financial conduct authority) handbook (cobs restrictions the promotion non-mainstream pooled investments). order certify high-net-worth investor one the following criteria must apply: either had, throughout the financial year immediately preceding the date below, annual income the value ps, more. annual income for these purposes does not include money withdrawn from pension savings (except where the withdrawals are used directly for income retirement). held, throughout the financial year immediately preceding the date below, net assets the value ps, more. net assets for these purposes not include: (a) the property which primary residence any money raised through loan secured that property; (b) any rights mine under qualifying contract insurance; (c) any benefits (in the form pensions otherwise) which are payable the termination service death retirement and which (or dependants are), may be, entitled; (d) any withdrawals from pension savings (except where the withdrawals are used directly for income retirement). self-certify sophisticated investor one the following must apply: (a) member network syndicate business angels and have been for least the last six months prior the date below; (b) have made more than one investment unlisted company the two years prior the date below; (c) working, have worked the two years prior the date below, professional capacity the private equity sector, the provision finance for small and medium enterprises; (d) currently, have been the two years prior the date below, director company with annual turnover least million. equiglobal.com page united states the potential investor must qualify accredited investor defined federal securities law (rule regulation d). this requires falling under one the following criteria: any bank defined section (a)() the act, any savings and loan association other institution defined section (a)()(a) the act whether acting its individual fiduciary capacity; any broker dealer registered pursuant section the securities exchange act any insurance company defined section (a)() the act; any investment company registered under the investment company act business development company defined section (a)() that act; any small business investment company licensed the u.s. small business administration under section (c) (d) the small business investment act any plan established and maintained state, its political subdivisions, any agency instrumentality state its political subdivisions, for the benefit its employees, such plan has total assets excess $,,; any employee benefit plan within the meaning the employee retirement income security act the investment decision made plan fiduciary, defined section such act, which either bank, savings and loan association, insurance company, registered investment advisor, the employee benefit plan has total assets excess $,, or, self-directed plan, with investment decisions made solely persons that are accredited investors; any private business development company defined section (a)() the investment advisors act any organization described section (c)() the internal revenue code, corporation, massachusetts similar business trust, partnership, not formed for the specific purpose acquiring the securities offered, with total assets excess $,,; any director, executive officer, general partner the issuer the securities being offered sold, any director, executive officer, general partner general partner that issuer; any natural person whose individual net worth, joint net worth with that person's spouse, exceeds $,,. (i) except provided paragraph (a)()(ii) this section, for purposes calculating net worth under this paragraph (a)(): (a) the person's primary residence shall not included asset; (b) indebtedness that secured the person's primary residence, the estimated fair market value the primary residence the time the sale securities, shall not included liability (except that the amount such indebtedness outstanding the time sale securities exceeds the amount outstanding days before such time, other than result the acquisition the primary residence, the amount such excess shall included liability); and (c) indebtedness that secured the person's primary residence excess the estimated fair market value the primary residence the time the sale securities shall included liability; (ii) paragraph (a)()(i) this section will not apply any calculation person's net worth made connection with purchase securities accordance with right purchase such securities, provided that: (a) such right was held the person july (b) the person qualified accredited investor the basis net worth the time the person acquired such right; and (c) the person held securities the same issuer, other than such right, july any natural person who had individual income excess each the two most recent years joint income with that person's spouse excess each those years and has reasonable expectation reaching the same income level the current year; any trust, with total assets excess $,,, not formed for the specific purpose acquiring the securities offered, whose purchase directed sophisticated person described ss.(b)()(ii); and any entity which all the equity owners are accredited investors. equiglobal.com page conditions attached u.s. investment following advice from our legal counsel, equi will initially have place restrictions the trading equitokens u.s. investors order for equi remain compliant and qualify under the exemptions relating the rules for offshore exempt u.s. funds. best legal advice states that can issue equiunits u.s. investors providing they satisfy the u.s. specific accreditation rules detailed appendix iii. currently, believe issue arises the conversion equiunit equitoken and the subsequent sale the token u.s. investor. under u.s. rules, the buyer the equitoken from the u.s. investor must similarly sophisticated under the u.s. rules detailed appendix iii. this means that u.s. investors will only able sell their equitokens external security exchanges which are specifically u.s. accredited. alternatively, u.s. investors should able sell our own internal exchange, since this will specifically u.s. compliant, following best practice under sec rules and guidelines. since our roadmap envisages month period from launch before equitokens can traded our internal external security exchanges, practice not see the u.s. restrictions overly onerous providing deal with u.s. compliant security exchanges. equi will course continue work with the sec, remove these restrictions, hopefully the regulator becomes more comfortable with the tokenisation funds generally; both u.s. direct authorised funds and offshore exempt funds such equi. aim the forefront change u.s. regulators thinking, and will continue work with the top legal firms the space achieve this goal. equiglobal.com page powered blockchain ww.e iglobal .com equiglobal.com page