determination product shelf life and establishment expiration dates will mchale life sciences market manager, era abstract: one the requirements iso guide accredited reference material manufacturers perform comprehensive stability studies order ensure that the best products possible are available customers. stability study looks many quality factors effort determine how long the product will maintain its integrity once out the controlled conditions the laboratory. ultimately, allows the manufacturer accurately determine shelf life. this short paper highlights the process era follows determining product shelf life and how expiration dates are selected and defended. det erminat ion roduc shelf lif and establishment pirat ion dat stability studies may include number different types physical, chemical and microbiological tests, with the focus the case certified reference materials (crms) being analyte certified values. early stages, accelerated stability testing (at relatively high temperature and/or humidity) can used "worst case" evaluation tool. testing under more gentle conditions (those recommended for long-term shelf storage) are used determine product's shelf life and expiration dates. control dates dictate when products should removed from manufacturers' active inventory, while stability dates dictate when products should longer used customers. for era single-use toc products ml), use the following product example illustrate the determination stability date (actual data from components single-use usp system suitability test kit; usp sucrose and usp ,-benzoquinone): data collected beyond days individually for sucrose (fig. and ,-benzoquinone (fig. and for the ratio test itself (fig. are shown excellent. this case, where the expiration period less than one year, the control date would equal the stability date. for this system suitability product shelf defensible days twice the stated shelf life days. ug/l sucrose stability ug/l data presented here were acquired using crms stored degc degc over the course the study. days stability data linear (upper acceptance limit) established shelf life linear (stability data) linear (lower acceptance limit) figure ug/l ,-benzoquinone stability ug/l days stability data linear (upper acceptance limit) established shelf life linear (stability data) linear (lower acceptance limit) figure benzoquinone:sucrose ratio stability ug/l ratio days stability data linear (upper acceptance limit) figure established shelf life linear (stability data) linear (lower acceptance limit) understanding that customers must comply with the usp acceptance criteria set forth usp chapter for system suitability test results, acceptance criteria for sucrose and ,-benzoquinone set made-to values remain within when compounded. for era bulk toc products ml), use the following product example illustrate the determination stability date (actual data from components single-use usp system suitability test kit; usp sucrose and usp ,-benzoquinone): again, data collected beyond days individually for sucrose (fig. and ,-benzoquinone (fig. and for the ratio test itself (fig. are shown excellent. with expiration period less than one year, the control date would again equal the stability date. for this system suitability product, shelf life defensible beyond days twice the stated shelf life days. ug/l sucrose stability ug/l with the single-use products, data presented for bulk crms were acquired using bulk products stored degc degc over the course the study. days stability data linear (upper acceptance limit) established shelf life linear (stability data) linear (lower acceptance limit) figure with the usp acceptance criteria from usp chapter for system suitability test results, acceptance criteria for sucrose and ,-benzoquinone are set made-to values remain within when compounded. ,-benzonquinone stability ug/l ug/l summary days stability data linear (upper acceptance limit) established shelf life linear (stability data) linear (lower acceptance limit) figure benzonquinone:sucrose ratio stability ug/l accordance with regulatory requirements, iso guide accredited reference material producers must conduct long-term stability testing programs that include the determination stability/expiration dates (the date after which the product should not used the customer) and the setting control dates (the date after which product should not sold) for products. calculation stability dates requires creating process that includes components such determination the scope data collection, establishing testing schedule, collecting data, statistical analysis data and the determination data acceptance limits. ratio conclusion: days stability data linear (upper acceptance limit) figure established shelf life linear (stability data) linear (lower acceptance limit) the process selecting provider crms, understand that using their products and services means you will integrating their quality levels into your laboratory processes well. you should discriminating your evaluation process and consider seriously their demonstrated commitment quality. accreditations like iso guide and iso are excellent indicators commitment quality and overall scientific capabilities. definit ions: iso control date: the date after which product should not sold. stability date: the date which the best graphical line for the stability data crosses the acceptance criteria. shelf life: the time between manufacturing the product and the stability date. expiration date: the date after which the product should not used the customer. iso certification, covering the competence testing and calibration laboratories, ensures that company's laboratory tests are performed correctly, and that attestations product quality are appropriate and defensible. all aspects raw material, in-process and final product verification are covered this accreditation. certifies the company's ability demonstrate the robustness their quality program through comprehensive and accurate product testing. iso/iec dite chemical testing laboratory certificate no. no. iso guide era's accreditations era accredited provider proficiency testing and certified reference material products. our two facilities the u.s. and are registered iso and accredited iso guide iso and iso iso iso quality management standard that applies all types organizations regardless size function. this international standard helps both product and service oriented organizations achieve standards quality that are recognized and respected throughout the world. this accomplished mostly through quality management practices that extend into all areas organization. iso registered companies must have written procedures and training documentation the areas customer service, complaint handling, product design, purchasing, manufacturing, product evaluation, packaging and shipping. included our iso accreditation scope are synthetic reference materials and quality control standards. iso certificate no. our iso guide accreditation targeted specifically certified reference material (crm) manufacturers. for manufacturer become iso guide registered, the policies and processes employed design, manufacture and certify reference materials must validated and proven accurate and robust. for crms, iso guide also requires that each certificate analysis include uncertainty statement that reflects all sources error involved certifying the standard, including measurements and material purity; must allow for complete traceability the crm. fact, the itself must also conform strict set criteria. iso/iec guide dite reference material producer certificate no. no. iso lrq iso designed specifically for proficiency testing providers. iso specifies the essential activities that need evaluated when conducting inter-laboratory testing comparisons. iso defines the criteria related study design, sample manufacture and the ensuring homogeneity and stability, which must taken into account the design and execution proficiency testing schemes. iso/iec dite proficiency testing provider certificate no. era's u.s. facility accredited iso guide iso and iso american association laboratory accreditation (ala) and registered iso national quality assurance (nqa). era's facility accredited iso guide and iso united kingdom accreditation society (ukas) and registered iso lloyd's register quality assurance (lrqa). www.eraqc.com u.s. table mountain pkwy golden, ... ... u.k. crewe road wythenshawe manchester waters registered trademark waters corporation. era and science hat's possible are trademarks waters corporation. all other trademarks are the property their respective owners. (c) waters corporation. april ih-pdf