table contents introduction .................................................................................................................................................... design concept ......................................................................................................................................... the background significance blockchain .................................................................................. vision eros team ................................................................................................................................ advantages decentralized platform .............................................................................................. introduction decentralized currency ............................................................................................... freedom flexibility ................................................................................................................................ the eros coin architecture ..................................................................................................................... overview/ objectives ............................................................................................................................... market infrastructure ............................................................................................................................ ico structure .............................................................................................................................................. foundation eros .................................................................................................................................... overview background ................................................................................................................... how eros economy works ................................................................................................................... eros token (coin) explained .............................................................................................................. ero decentralized applications (dapps) .................................................................................... ero mighty web wallet .................................................................................................................. decentralized instant payment gateway ................................................................................... erospay mobile wallet ................................................................................................................ tokens crowdsale distributions ......................................................................................................... roadmap ........................................................................................................................................................ conclusion ..................................................................................................................................................... introduction the eros blockchain ("eros") committed develop payment solution for the blockchain industry different from all cryptocurrencies. utilizes value transfer protocol achieve the transferring payment peer peer basis and build decentralized application platform, which brings blockchain technology into the global payment industry, ecommerce industry, financial services, internet things, supply chain management, social media, gaming, information technology, systems, product management and other industries. innovative technology, comprehensive governance structure and board applications give eros advantages over bitcoin and ethereum public blockchain. the eros payment gateway and wallets, the most promising blockchain ecosystem for the payment industry, perfectly combines the advantages leading cryptocurrencies and addresses the inherent problems existing blockchain systems. will continue develop and iterate through the foundation the platform, well through the products and practical business implementations. new kind economy mode will formed the blockchain economy significantly enhance the efficiency the industries, well society whole. addition that, the payment industry backs the payment ecosystem fulfill the demands customers merchant. there are many payment gateways/merchants are the industry blockchain. however, the services the eros payment totally different, unique, secure better with extra facilities. extra services eros includes payment gateway services, chat, in-chat payment facility, merchant payment solutions, invoicing management, product management, order management product support tools well. the foundation will provide transparency for payments management, financial management, code management and business practices for merchants, and will maintain high standards honesty, ethical business conduct and compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations for the users. accounting firm has been engaged provide financial report audit and compliance management services. the birth and the infancy stage eros have been strongly supported the founding members, the development team, industry experts, early backers, lawyers and professional consultants. would like thank everyone who have made extraordinary contributions the development the eros blockchain economy. design concept the background significance blockchain before the emergence the bitcoin network, the tcp/ip protocol has been widely used transmit information globally. the development interconnection technology (e.g., internet, internet things, and virtual reality/augmented reality) have introduced more diverse ways interact among people, information and objects and allowed more entities become digitized and tokenized. however, information sharing and transmission not enough meet the development needs the economic society. question has been increasingly raised and discussed the public: how can transfer digital payments and value from peer peer? the past, were not able identify solution transfer assets and value from peer-to-peer over the internet without the involvement third parties. the bitcoin network the first value transfer protocol. this eros blockchain white paper introduce the practical implementation vtp over the internet. with the world getting more connected, increasing number companies strive offer their services and solutions online. finance, education, healthcare, commerce and leisure providers are actively moving towards digitization attempt serve the existing and find new customers worldwide. result, eros foundation aimed provide better and possible facilities, and strengthen the crypto payment industry using the blockchain ecosystem. the october satoshi nakamoto announced the bitcoin whitepaper titled "bitcoin, peer peer electronic cash system" and introduced the bitcoin network establish decentralized system value transfer. every participant the bitcoin network acts reviewer transactions; the value transferred between two parties can completed without establishing trust relationship. this technology has changed the way obtain and share value and has created new decentralized, peer-to-peer community. european parliament, along with other regulatory authorities across the globe are now actively outlining new rules and principles for e-services. the legal framework removes regulatory uncertainty serving catalyst for the business migration online. we've undertaken thorough analysis the latest trends including rules around eid, qes and trustee services well the aggregation payment services within the scope the psd. and this where eros steps in. vision eros team eros foundation committed develop fully qualified professional global blockchain community cooperating with the other blockchain communities, third party services, developers and companies. the goal eros foundation innovate the experience using virtual currency real life. ultimately bring into finance, business, product management, gaming, payments and internet industries. eros foundation the compatible ecosystem develop, enhance and bridge the real world applications into the blockchain. the current era, there are many payment industries are existence based the blockchain systems. the current market depends the peer peer payment transfers with proof security. however, such security are not possible with presently running systems. thus, eros want provide extra facilities then the current available payment system providers. addition that, eros has planned provide real-time solutions for merchants customers. integration all new blockchain based technologies and upcoming currencies our aim develop the eros ecosystem. technical development: part the open source innovation, the eros foundation eventually committable deliver secure, reliable and compatible platform open source community. our highly skilled development team has capability enhance payment ecosystem with more reliability. the developers and third party services gets unlimited independency create develop their applications top the eros blockchain. also integrates on-chain and off-chain data through technical and conceptual innovation. business development: the eros foundation will reference investment banking practices perform industry analysis and selections and choose the appropriate industries implement eros coin the businesses. enterprises using the eros blockchain will able develop more applications order achieve the sustainable development eros coin. future eros foundation will provide solutions the enterprise business partners burn less transaction fees and get more business development with eros foundation. decentralized financial services: there central authority. this eliminates centralized overhead such centralizing all payments one place big organizations. financial terms eros coin helps you decentralize everything suitable for the technology. the eros foundation will provide transparency for financial management, code management and business practices, and will maintain high standards honesty, ethical business conduct and compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. accounting firm has been engaged provide financial report audit and compliance management services. further make the eros truly open source community, the eros foundation will eventually distribute the total eros tokens the community for business implementations, marketing promotions and linkages between the real world and blockchain world. the remaining tokens will allocated the co-founder team, early backers, consultants, and development team. advantages decentralized platform introduction decentralized currency there are various innovative money payment systems the market today, many which are built platforms like the mobile phone, the internet, and the digital storage card. these alternative payment systems have seen encouraging even continued growth, from the likes paypal, apple pay, google wallet, alipay, tenpay, venmo, m-pesa, bitpay, moven, bitpesa, paylah!, dash, fast, transferwise, and others. beyond payment systems that are based fiat currency, the growing use digital currency allows for faster, more flexible, and more innovative payments and ways financing goods and services. one digital currency, however, stands out among the rest. bitcoin one the most well-known digital currencies today. specific, bitcoin cryptocurrency, which subset what generally known digital currency. bitcoin unique cryptocurrency that widely considered the first its kind. like many created after it, bitcoin uses the power the internet process its transactions. digital currency alternative currency: although digital and virtual are often used interchangeably when describing currencies based electronic medium, the term "virtual" has negative connotation. "virtual" signals something that "seemingly real" but not exactly "real" when referring currency that stored "digital" electronic register. indeed, other language, the word "virtual" interpreted "created from nothing" the sense that not "physical" but computer-generated computer-simulated. however, the currencies often described "virtual" are very "real," the sense that they exist. thus, the more neutral term digital currency generally preferred over virtual currency. anonymity: the main reason why decentralized currency such bitcoin and litecoin popular among people because its inherent privacy. such currency allows people make the face anonymous. e.g; hide the transactions while remaining totally anonymous enhance the privacy. this means that you purchase something online with the help bitcoins, there little chance that transaction being tracked. decentralized currency makes transactions very similar cash exchanges. this different, however, from using bank account where your private details are disclosed through the account number. while, terms the eros payment gateway all your transactions are totally anonymous and never being tracked. supply: the moment seems like the supply decentralized currency abundant, but the supply will soon limited this because all decentralized currencies have "limit" "cap". inevitable that all the bitcoins will eventually mined. once the supply limited, the market decentralized currency will work just like any other commodity. influence: decentralized currency does not have influence any authorities and its price only derived its users. this means one central, national, even international entity charge currency. that the meaning behind "decentralized". this internet currency the first ever currency able function like this. other currency before bitcoin was created was decentralized. the value all currencies that are not "internet currency" are determined some type government entity. because this, bitcoin any other decentralized internet currency cannot manipulated for personal gain. secure: people use different encryption techniques authenticate the transfer money, which self-governing (that is, not dependent central bank) and synchronize the generation the units the currency decentralized currencies. cryptocurrencies are decentralized; and digital currency, offers definite and secure environment. moreover, has made possible gather individual wealth without any hassle, which was unachievable and anonymous. invest without borders: there are many reasons because which decentralized currencies are considered better than normal currencies. provides very high security level the decentralized platform operated from many computers, which are connected with decentralized network. with this, gives you the freedom doing cross-border transactions with complete transparency. moreover, its cost very less well. transparency: cryptocurrencies, all the transactions are obvious. the flow currency transactions very simple. there any invalid fake details related the person using the system provided, the high level transparency this decentralized currency can easily identify the real fact. instant remittance: remittance defined particular amount money, which sent individual (or party) another individual (or party) payment. experts are working hard decrease the cost and technicality while increasing the speed this process with the help technology. has become very important solve the problem global remittance. many companies and executives want transact more money between different nations. freedom flexibility one the general advantages for decentralized and distributed system that rather than consolidating freedom and flexibility actions the whims single, central agent, allots those qualities all agents participating the system. one the general advantages using decentralized and distributed system lot more flexible and secure transactions. either you are living one region travelling person. using the blockchain based decentralized system drives you craziness. there are several artificial intelligence (ai) based blockchain system which consistently improves itself learning from the behaviour users. short the blockchain based distributed systems are more independent and decentralized give you total freedom over your transactions. the eroscoin architecture overview/objectives the eroscoin foundation organization seeking provide decentralized payment solution the merchant users. eroscoin responsible for the creation, management distribution the eros tokens. also has the responsibility crypto currency assets, development coin, and the updates future products and services followed eroscoin blockchain. funds received the eros foundation will utilised further improve the eroscoin order increase its value. objectives the eroscoin are.. provide seamless, smooth secure payment transfers provide the possibility transferring value between users merchants make the process splitting currencies easier. create currency for every industries which are using online payment gateways create provide mass payment facility fulfill community needs. nutshell, emphasize the industry's challenges and reveal the solutions for increasing the users payment gateways using the virtual currencies. market infrastructure every market has its own infrastructure and working ways for it. matter, dependent another markets industry. the blockchain cryptocurrency market holding billions money the virtual world. enabling the peoples transfer high value money each other. talking about the infrastructure eros platform. totally depends how people use the coin. let's assume one freelancer bob willing receive international payment within seconds. member particular freelancing website community which accepts only credit card payment method. now the real life problem begins here. once ready receive the payment, must verify his freelancing account per kyc norms particular website. this way will take normally hours. after getting approved, will able receive payments and its normally executed within days. so, let's override the whole process sending receiving payments within seconds using eroscoin payment platform. now, you can send and receive your transaction within fraction seconds. borderless payments whenever one group people required send money outside the country. most important thing receive payment soon possible receiver's side. this terms eroscoin payment solution available solve the issue. this platform totally dedicated for the people online economy where people transacts using fiat currencies. successfully enable borderless payments real term, one have send money using eroscoin web mobile wallet another person. the receiver will get instant notification new incoming payments. now withdraw that money receiver can withdraw that amount fiat currency for his/her routine use. there are several benefits using borderless payments, the first and foremost important benefits the faster transactions without involving any intermediate banks third party persons. helps individual save their time. ico structure funds raised during the ico will used solely for the development the eroscoin network. the following distribution funds preliminary and can subject change. ico fund distribution core development: fund marketing campaigns: fund reserve fund: fund operational work: fund general administration: fund legal work: fund content licenses: fund foundation eros overview background thousands fiat currency based payment gateways are available the market. the big companies choose accordingly. however, there are some problems, which generate infinite non-resolvable issues for the payment gateway users (you can say customer the company). so, what the problem with regular payment gateways? here sorted out few them. international but risky payments high transfer fees requirement kyc norms, risk misuse personal documents involvement third party payment system slow transaction process high security maintained but human mistakes makes vulnerable hackers many payment gateways can freeze your amount when they want, using their hidden terms and conditions high account setup costs followed high fees after setup limitations terms geographical coverage recurring billing account setup costs even though there are number options terms online payment processing gateways, one should careful consider some key factors. among the most significant considerations are setup fee, security customer information and transactions, time taken process payments, flexibility currencies and various countries. another important factor consider transaction rates. this includes withdrawal and transfer charges well exchange charges. short, you are planning overcome all those issues such long waiting time process payments, international transaction rates, less security your customer account informations. that case, eroscoin gives you total benefit. how eros economy works? the eros white paper aims describing innovative conceptual framework for organizing the payment industry. harnessing recent technological innovations, our model overcomes most the major industry constraints and proposes measures significantly improves the payment gateway efficiency using eroscoin platform. through creating and implementing the first blockchain-based platform for secured and fast payment solution, the eros economy plans the best. through self executing smart contract, the eroscoin automatic payment confirmation system confirms payment both sender receiver sides. assures optimal autonomy, trust, speed and safety. manipulations are possible. there risk extra payments more than the users wallet. because the intelligent smart contracts designed maintain this things and prohibits users any hackers increase self allowance. eros economy follows peer peer payment method. where one person sends payment another person directly without the need any third party services involvement bank, government any agencies. eros token explained eros token totally dependant the smart, secure fast ethereum network. erc token and configured follow all security principles erc. learning about cryptocurrency and getting involved nowadays not easy task. person who discovers about cryptocurrency and wants try out quickly learns that they will need sign with exchange and fund their account with credit card. but not aware the situations that should manage and use more than one coins the time for the different type tasks. allocations supply there are two ways people can get involved with cryptocurrency. the one hand, they can buy and the other hand, they can sell it. both cases users are increasing the value the particular currency that they are using. however, this custom token and payment solution, especially designed for the global peer peer payment industry, though could said that eroscoin has highly promising future. the first phase, are going release eros token public ico. through public ico whatever fund receives will hold for the development purposes, office setup, infrastructures, research development, bounty programs and other pre-launching activities. the second phase, the eroscoin will released public for all users who want buy, sell, trade hold the currency. the purchase sell will hosted leading exchanges. the team will release more details about upcoming newsletters. payments transfers ethereum smart contract ethereum allows run decentralized code with smart contracts, enabling reliable services and payments handling. 'smart contracts are central component next generation blockchain platforms.' with such self-executing contract, single party manipulation averted because control over the execution the smart contract longer possible due the execution being longer the hands single party. hence, could said that smart contracts give autonomy, trust, speed and safety. eroscoin smart contracts are computer based protocols the ethereum blockchain that facilitate, verify, negotiate and close contracts between individuals and merchants, partially self-executing and self-enforcing. get more information about smart contracts and its codes, you may participate audit all our smart contracts github. erospay decentralized applications (dapps) erospay web wallet (mighty) online wallets have always been intriguing development for cryptocurrency users. they always demands easy way. everything should easy use, secure ultra fast. use our wallet all users need register account, and their wallet ready use. features eros web wallet specifically designed for peer peer payments generate holds multiple addresses account send receive ero cryptocurrency within second security enabled web wallet secure transparent wallet data directly connected the ethereum blockchain network. easy use web wallet interface designed receive important wallet notification time through email easy send receive coins: the eros browser based web wallet fast and secured with advanced security algorithms. you can send and receive ero coins person merchant providing custom fees for each transactions. suitable for every computers: the eros web wallet suitable for all computers that supports web modern web browsers. the majority the supported browsers are safari, google chrome, microsoft edge, mozilla firefox opera. onestep access: login your eros web wallet using one step login features. even integrated with our two factor authentication security make full proof against the possibility account theft. secure and stable connection: based the ethereum network, eros blockchain and running all the time following the all possible security measurements. easy transactions: send and receive transactions with single click. extending the featured web based wallet, safe fastest transactions confirmations within few seconds. ero token storage facility: one the useful tool the eros online token storage, holds your coins the web wallet for the future use. either you are merchant normal user, you can store your tokens web wallet. however, the normal web wallets offer plenty localisation support. everyone knows, the cryptocurrency multilingual ecosystem, and people prefer use services their own language. most the regular wallet clients the same, although their language pack often limited "traditional" languages. talking about eroscoin leading the charge this regard, will supporting dozen different languages the future. without the language barrier, you are free borderless transactions within seconds. decentralized instant payment gateway mentioned the wikipedia, decentralised system systems theory system which lower level components operate local information accomplish global goals." achieve the decided goal, not only one system person working it. but requires more than one system connected with it. the eroscoin decentralized instant payment gateway peer peer network operating the ethereum blockchain. transaction the network consists one more operations. payments, offers, and fees are all examples operations that could make single transaction. about transaction fees, there's nominal fee, referred gas fee ethereum, associated with each operation transaction. also supports high value payments transfer instantly. features eros payment gateway instant borderless payments peer peer secure transaction broadcast eros micropayments lets you send low price payments instantly anywhere the world transfer fiat money across the borders using exchanges browser blockchain based technology eros decentralized payment gateway for merchants less transaction fees for merchants confirmed transactions within seconds eros payment system extensive merchant tools: eros payment gateway provides secure payment processing through eros blockchain, white label payment gateway, and merchant account services businesses worldwide. generate external invoices: use advanced invoice generator tools quickly create invoices for your clients bill them online with our beautiful invoice templates. ability download pdf invoices. short, bill your client using ero invoices. direct invoices the customer: eros foundation introduces the first borderless instant invoice sending feature. using this feature, you can generate invoice for any customer with your desire amount. last, you are going receive invoice amount inform eros coin. invoice status generator: maintain transparency eros blockchain based payment gateway, are assigning unique payment transaction the every payments made. use our instant invoice status tool check your invoice status, either being paid, cancelled rejected. ecommerce integrations: eros provides full access the merchants with more than ecommerce store integrations with plugins compatibility. suitable for every businesses: working with eros payment gateway does not requires any special skills certificates. having sufficient knowledge using crypto currency enough for you. just get your eros merchant account and integrate the payment solution within your website. easy fast transactions: all the transactions are being made peer peer basis. once you create the transactions, will completed within seconds. insanely fast and safe too. erospay mobile wallet erospay mobile wallet makes easy your send/receive process. basically the mobile wallet will launched android ios. about other platforms the development team will plan for the next releases other platforms. mobile wallet built totally secure code following the blockchain strategy perform fast secure transactions within seconds. additionally the eros mobile wallet maintained provide better user interface. have look our mobile wallet. extensive features mobile wallet easy use interface: eros mobile wallet enables you send and receive eros blockchain payments the go. just pickup your mobile phone, login the wallet, scan the code receiver and hit the send button. backup phrase: easy use and secure backup phrase protection provide seamless backup experience using eros wallet. remotely accessible wallet: you have unlimited access your wallet remotely from anywhere the world. matter which country you are. not have any restrictions. secure mobile wallet: eros mobile wallet fully secured built the native concepts application development following the mobile industry guidelines. in-chat payment system: send and receive ero money your friends and family using in-chat payment system. just type the amount you want send receiver's chat and you're done! once receiver approves transaction, you will get ero instantly your account. request for payment: one the targeted and useful feature request for the payment. use request money due payments from your clients friends. request money using one touch button, your friend will receive invoice, you will receive the payment once he/she confirms the request. tokens crowdsale distributions ero token distributions crowdsale process (ico): million ero tokens. eroscoin foundation reserve: million ero tokens. advisory escrow team: million ero tokens. this will allocated rewards for advisors and escrow team. reserve fund: million ero tokens. this portion will allocated reward early adopters and provide liquidity the market required. bounty program: million ero tokens. charity million ero tokens. the ero token used power the eroscoin payment solution and works mean reward get rewarded for participation the peer peer payments. each payments the system has associated cost specified ero. soon the payments are carried out the eroscoin platform, the ero transferred from one participant another. ero will issued during our first phase ico. once completed, further tokens will generated. the remaining tokens after ico will burned. eros tokens crowdsale will distributed two phases. the first phase presale-ico, upto extra bonus tokens will provided. the second phase ico, extra bonus tokens will distributed. soon the crowdsale ends, within week every users can exchange the tokens the leading exchanges. maximum million tokens will generated, those million tokens will kept reserve. while the process crowdsale, maximum million ero tokens will sold during the crowdsale. roadmap concept development: research into blockchain technology and payment gateway markets. feasible study all possible technologies can integrate in. idea validations: the development team will start work ideas and differentiate based the initial prototype the ero token. services projects announced: finalize the possible services (payment solutions), projects (web wallet, mobile wallet) and third party tools, which will used alongwith the ero token. testing performance coin: eros token performance testing starts development team. coin testnet development started: development team looking into test-net development make sure everything works fine during development stage. website launch: launch the fully functional working website including the introduction the coin. ero token ico: prepare launch ero token ico begin the crowdsale process. presale ico initial coin launch web wallet test net launch ero pay (payment gateway) sandbox ero mobile wallet (alpha final testing web wallet web wallet launch ero payment gateway core testing mobile wallet testnet (beta ero payment gateway official launch ero mobile wallet launch further development eros conclusion eroscoin more than just coin. it's technology poised disrupt the entire payment industry covering peer peer payments and mass payments. like revolution the peer peer cryptocurrency payment world. traditional payment system requires efforts manage maintain the systems. while the case eroscoin, less maintenance with nearly less transaction fees puts maximum benefits the users eroscoin. eroscoin offers not only decentralized payment mechanism based the blockchain, but also sustainable economy that produces, manages securely send/receive large number transactions each every second. last but not the least, the eroscoin just going the first leading peer peer cryptocurrency manage the high value instant payments. never depend single income make investment create second source -warren buffet