esbc team: cryptotoni (team lead) [s][k][a][z][u][n] (blockchain developer) hentai (web developer) february content introduction gratitude reliable algorithm developers for community technical characteristics blockchain the betting platform description anonymous betting the economic system design and visualization social community and feedback introduction nowadays online betting has quite drastic issues: particular, major members the market not want adapt new trends and technologies, neither they want perform open and transparent operation(s). that why our team developers (are) working brand new project. our direction development has been formed such way that can provide the average better with the following conveniences: anonymity minimal number third parties betting speed and decentralization low commission due the rejection traditional financial systems all these conditions are successfully implemented with the help blockchain technology. consequently, creating esbc, also set the best conditions for those users who are already fans betting and cryptocurrencies. gratitude esbc wouldn't have been created without the work already performed the teams bitcoin, dash, pivx. software with open source code valuable, because the product can improved and updated thanks innovations new active users. consequently, developers encourage any initiative, fight for transparency and freedom information and believe, that open codes are highly efficient. we're thankful our predecessors for opportunity contribute this growing ecosystem and develop new way for society. reliable algorithm every modern project needs trustful source code. esbc based the xdna source code. also child the popular cryptocurrency pivx which fork the cryptocurrency that created masternode system dash. while the origin can traced back bitcoin source code, each project has chosen particular direction with aims and ideals needed the community, which the project esbc was created for. are going expand and pay special attention the confidential features our predecessors' coin the means learning new technologies and, meanwhile, creating instruments and possibilities for integration esbc into modern technological platforms. developers for community the community orientation the main characteristic the project itself. clearly shows the significance our clients' interests the system priorities the project's developers and creators. the community orientation instrument which allows get loyal clients and their loyal attitude. usage these instruments requires intellectual and financial investments but also gives chance get perfect product the end. blockchain technical specifications esbc consensus algorithm: pos port block time seconds after april update algorithm difficulty: dark gravity wave block size after april update pos maturity minutes transaction confirmations block feature level collateral, swiftx protocol support ipv, ipv, tor collateral levels bronze silver gold platinum collaterals size esbc max supply: year speed and functionality the average time finding block creation seconds. technology swiftx allows you perform immediate sending coins without confirmation new blocks. esbc seeks become really fast and functional cryptocurrency for (the) bets (betting) and gambling sector. masternodes masternodes nodes cryptocurrencies' chains, which are responsible for checking and approval transactions. they also provide increase speed work and users' security. servers and computers with static address perform the masternode's functions. launched wallet, full synchronization and hour activity are prerequisites work. this does not seem relevant the project. launch nodes you are required have deposit that equals esbc. any network member controlling more than esbc can launch personal masternode and get rewards. for more information how set masternode please see masternode setup guide esbc betting platform the main product inside esbc ecosystem platform for bets (betting on) popular sport(s), including cybersport(s). the main features the platform are: registration without identity verification guarantee players' anonymity absence third party during financial operations loyal attitude professional cappers preferential terms cryptocurrency esbc used registration without identity verification for convenient use the platform esbc.pro possibility registration and logging with the help social networks accounts, such discord,facebook was implemented. identity verification our platform not required, contrary the other popular online betting companies. (players' personal data not stored the platform, and that why cannot transferred parties) anonymity accordance with the main cryptocurrency's principle opportunity stay anonymous, platform's esbc.pro developers implemented these ideals the basics platform's policy. already now you can make anonymous bets using esbc, without login and registration, not need verify your identity. loyalty professional cappers have analyzed the problem classical betting companies and their methods fighting against professional gamblers (forkers, statistics analysis supporters, bets the corridors, etc.), and our team has chosen concept maximum loyalty any betting methods the base platform esbc.pro attract much audience possible. absence third parties order provide anonymity, convenience and reduced player's expenses, paid special attention the absence third parties all cryptocurrency operations the platform. the use cryptocurrencies prevents possible leakage the information about users' activity. margin and commission one the methods improve the competitive characteristics reducing bookmaker's margin and commissions for deposit and withdrawal cryptocurrencies. the use cryptocurrencies allows deposit, bet, withdraw coins from the platform and get the winning within less than minute. low commission rates provide better coefficients comparison with the old platforms using the old financial system. betting exchange (in progress) betting exchange platform for betting between players sports events. there, player can suggest betting choosing particular event, then offer his/her coefficient and the sum bet particular result (in this case you sell the bet, acting like bookmaker). you can accept the betting conditions offered other players buy the betting. this way player becomes participant the purchase process, where betting odds are goods. consequently, sports betting exchange mediator, providing the players with service for such purchase. all deals are performed the betting exchange without commissions. description anonymous betting process: when creating betting odds, separate address for every possible odds generated (first team's victory, second team's victory, draw, totals, etc.). after that user choses anonymity option and gets wallet address where required send coins bet. after the match, reward will sent that address. for the most anonymous coins (cryptonight) the system works differently: user designates address for getting the winning, then unique address for determination and identifier the payment are generated check the bet was really sent from this user. the team being bet wins, winning will sent address indicated user. anonymous betting will available for the huge number cryptocurrencies. the economic system esbc presents tier masternode system: bronze esbc silver esbc gold esbc platinum esbc the difference sizes rewards dynamic, about the four-tier masternode deposit system simplifies the own node's launch for the users, minimizing expenses for extra resources and time during launches further nodes. stable growth esbc one the most criticized objects sports gambling with the use cryptocurrencies exactly the volatility cryptocurrencies. focusing this problem the prior one during the development the economic scheme, drastic deflation the coins was planned, will positively influence their price, ensuring the stability the platform's players' deposits. april, block time blockchain will changed from sec, increase stability and decrease emission, every months thereafter the reward will halved. the total amount coins released will add other betting coins the platform, you will have pay commission esbc this way the developers who would like see their coins will required buy the esbc exchanges. design and visualization through research and development, aim create visual design for esbc that distinguishes from competitors the cryptographic market. our development team plans innovate and experiment with the current branding eventually achieve excellence that will set example for other projects. made from the research our competitors, use modern technological trends and standards, constantly applying new and exciting visual effects our project. esbc wallet design templates social networks and feedback the moment the main platform for our community discord. you can join our discord server and communicate with the members community, find out their opinion about the project. also, there's bot with wallet function, integrated into discord, make payments our community easier. bitcointalk one the oldest and biggest internet forums dedicated blockchain and cryptocurrencies. all announcements are published here the official esbc thread, along with discussion from the esbc community. telegram this messenger have created: news channel and telegram-chats: international chat russian community spanish community the discussion focused the latest news the field cryptocurrencies and events within the esbc project