escrow coin buy sell securely using escrowcoin decentralized escrow platform for cryptocurrency table contents: introduction features specification advantages investing masternode coin: rewards distribution introduction: what escrow? escrow contractual arrangement which third party receives and disburses money documents for the primary transacting parties, with the disbursement dependent conditions agreed the transacting parties, account established broker for holding funds behalf the broker's principal some other person until the consummation termination transaction or, trust account held the borrower's name pay obligations. can also say that escrow financial arrangement where third party holds and regulates payment the funds required for two parties involved given transaction. helps make transactions more secure keeping the payment secure escrow account which only released when all the terms agreement are met overseen the escrow company. how does escrow work? escrow-coin.com step ahead the existing escrow services. allows you escrow funds multiple cryptocurrencies. reduces the risk fraud acting trusted third-party that collects, holds and only disburses funds when both buyers and sellers are satisfied. buyer and seller agrees terms either the buyer seller begins transaction. after registering escrow-coin.com, all parties agree the terms the transaction. buyer pays escrow-coin.com the buyer submits payment approved payment method our secure escrow account, escrow-coin.com verifies the payment, the seller notified that funds have been secured 'in escrow'. seller ships merchandise provide service buyer upon payment verification, the seller authorised send the merchandise and submit tracking information. escrow-coin.com verifies that the buyer receives. buyer accepts the buyer has set number days per the terms inspect the merchandise and the option accept reject it. the buyer accepts the merchandise. escrow-coin.com pays the seller escrow-coin.com releases funds the seller from the escrow account. principles underlying the platform? secured collection, storage and distribution the funds avoiding unforseen losses. voting way evaluating. escrow-coin.com step ahead the existing escrow services. allows you escrow funds multiple cryptocurrencies. what escrow-coin.com open source system allows transacting parties, buyer and seller, transact with their choice escrow agent. here the masternodes escrow-coin gets the unique opportunity become escrow agent. the system will provide the competitive environment for all the users i.e buyers, sellers and escrow agents. masternodes can register themselves escrow agent and setup their bench resolve the dispute any. buyers and sellers will able select escrow agent (masternode) their choice. they will also able rate the services the escrow agent. transaction can have one more number escrow agents. escrowcoin will used digital currency run the system. all payments escrow agents will done through escrowcoin only. here comes the american masternode coin for its users. with aim provide its users and investors both good roi. all that the investors have purchase coins and make masternode. users then get the rewards each block, for the pos coin. users cannot buy much coins, then they can buy any number coins and staking. staking gives the rewards each block. the coin development and manage real developer, and not someone who just buys the coin code. this why you can expect regular maintenance and smooth flow transactions blockchain. some the areas where escrow service can used domain name holding escrow general merchandise escrow broker escrow vehicle escrow domain and website escrow milestone escrow features escrowcoin has coins every block reward. this split into coins) for masternode and coins) for staking. also has pow reward coin from block ,,. user needs setup only wallet for both staking and masternode. this means that users not need worry about the staking rewards, the wallet does both masternode services and gives rewards for coin staking too. the wallet can used for multiple masternodes and all the rewards can auto staked automatically. specifications coin name escrow coin ticker symbol esco coin type premine only for development and marketing. from block pow and pos and after that pos only which very good for the masternode and stakers. pow reward coin per block. masternode/staking reward esco per block. between masternode and stakers. decreasing every year pos hashing algorithm scrypt coin inspiration from dash difficulty retargeting every block max supply esco block reward esco block time seconds stake age hours block size escrow coin specifically designed solve and transcend all these problems. the fundamental principles esco include but not limited to: decentralization escrowcoin owned and controlled the people. the public ledger "blockchain" decentralized, distributed ledger stored collectively millions computers worldwide and governed consensus algorithms, math and the people, not governments, financial institutions central banks. privacy the consumer's identity anonymous they want be. the blockchain contains only cryptic numbers known escrow coin addresses for the sender and receiver each transaction. unlimited use escrowcoin can sent immediately and from anyone, anywhere, anytime, for anything, any amount, with little fees. controlled supply one can change the predetermined and published circulation schedule escrowcoin. the government cannot arbitrarily create more cryptocurrency out thin air and devalue it. escrowcoin have many the same characteristics the precious metals that were once used back currency. they work because their controlled and limited supply. transparency everything public. all technical specifications, whitepapers and source code files are published for the public see. all cryptocurrency transactions are recorded the blockchain for everyone see with publicly provided blockchain explorer. government bank can create more escrowcoin any other cryptocurrency, nor can they confiscate anyone's money tell anyone what they can and can't with their money. grass-roots movement driven the people and unstoppable the exact same way that the internet cannot stopped shut down because has single point control failure. advantages investing masternode coin early investors get get benefits higher returns. early investors can right away start making masternodes with the coins they receive. they can staking they have amount greater than less than are not distributing tokens ico, but directly coins in. this why users can directly start earning before the coin even hits the exchanges. are planning getting the coin minimum exchanges ensure proper liquidity and proper popularity. rewards distribution: there are minutes day, which means there are total seconds day. divided seconds for every block, get blocks made every day. the reward coins per block divided into for masternodes esco) and for staking esco) further the rewards are distributed all running masternodes. the more number maternodes, the less rewards you get, because the rewards are distributed each masternode timely manner. escodex exchange escodex decentralized exchange (dex) that provides trading services for multiple cryptocurrencies aiming create service that simple and easy for everyday user. escodex provides blockchain wallet service where consumers and traders can transact with multiple digital assets. trading fees escodex varies from .%. has partnered with blockfolio and delta app, which are established brand crypto world, providing its traders with seamless portfolio management options. with lowest trading fee .%, -plus coins onboard and presence portfolio management apps just one month escodex has done remarkable entry decentralized segment crypto exchanges. its existing features comprises deposit, withdraw, placing buy/sell orders, cancelling orders, transferring digital assets and viewing transaction history details dashboard (activity). part near future expansion plan, escodex will add more base pairs, make dex erc- compatible and roll out its star feature- escrow platform early one the key advantages with escodex its reward system. masternode holders escrow coin get share listing fees form regular payouts. escodex also runs several bounty campaigns fetching users reward coins. for instance you post forum you get crypto coins, make video and get coins and on. similar twitter, invite bounties run from time time. you read this, free coins are running down someone's wallet. with its scaling social media presence twitter, discord, telegram, bitcointalk.org, medium and reddit, you can always through our stories, stay tuned regular updates and get touch with escodex founders core team who are just message away discord and telegram groups. escodex has been built with aim reducing counter-party risk, providing decentralized platform, ease usage, stability and faster transaction times. these features along with escrow platform make escodex promising crypto-exchange with potential becoming global major. soon system will developed vote for new coin listing exchange. all voting fee will charged esco. every week one coin having highest vote will listed escodex exchange. escrow platform for cryptocurrency the escrow platform being introduced with aim bring world-class escrow service crypto world. decentralized system built blockchain technology, serving financial vehicle that allows transacting parties- buyer and seller, exchange digital assets with the help escrow agent. this ensures that party scammed. counterparty risk minimization fulfilled since funds are escrowed using common trust. escrow platform will support all digital assets listed these exchanges- escodex, openledger, bitshares cryptobridge. payments escrow agents will done escrowcoin (esco). all escrows are secure and are performed instantly. escrow agents? initial phase, escrow agents are taken care escrow coin admin team. later the escrow coin masternode holders will get opportunity escrow agents. dispute resolution system developed such way there are very less chances dispute. all escrow transactions will monitored escrow coin admin team until system achieves complete stability. till then all concerns/issues/disputes will handled escrow admin team. user can get touch with the team through escrow coin discord/telegram communities. discord: https://discord.gg/hxmkc telegram: https://t.me/joinchat/hiwnrgusfllak-zvzfvrg moving ahead, buyer and seller can mutually decide upon arbitrator bench arbitrators and resolve disputes. any party not satisfied with the result, they can appoint another arbitrator and on. still the issue remains unresolved, then decision escrow coin team shall binding and final. what will the escrow fees? when seller creates escrow escrow fee seller agent esco when buyer approves escrow escrow fee buyer agent esco seller cancels cancellation fee esco this initial phase fee structure. fee structure may change based feedbacks and suggestions. features security provides users with scam proof environment scalability exchange any asset for any asset quick easy more than currencies supported. verified transactions stored blockchain.