draft for open community review and subject change contents draft for open community review and subject change important notice nothing this whitepaper constitutes legal, financial, business tax advice and you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s) before engaging any activity connection herewith. neither esports chain limited (the foundation), any the project team members who have worked the e-sports chain network (as defined herein) project develop the e-sports chain network any way whatsoever (the e-sports chain team), any distributor/vendor est (the distributor), nor any service provider shall liable for any kind direct indirect damage loss whatsoever which you may suffer connection with accessing this whitepaper, the website https://esportschain.org/ (the website) any other websites materials published the foundation. this whitepaper intended for general informational purposes only and does not constitute prospectus, offer document, offer securities, solicitation for investment, any offer sell any product, item asset (whether digital otherwise). the information herein below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. there assurance the accuracy completeness such information and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information. where this whitepaper includes information that has been obtained from third party sources, the foundation and/or the esports chain team have not independently verified the accuracy completion such information. further, you acknowledge that circumstances may change and that this whitepaper may become outdated result; and the foundation under obligation update correct this document connection therewith. this whitepaper does not constitute any offer the foundation, the distributor the esports chain team sell any est (as defined herein) nor shall any part nor the draft for open community review and subject change fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance the e-sports chain network. the agreement between the distributor and you, relation any sale and purchase est governed only the separate terms and conditions such agreement. accessing this whitepaper any part thereof, you represent and warrant the foundation, its affiliates, and the e-sports chain team follows: (a) any decision purchase any est, you have not relied any statement set out this whitepaper; (b) you will and shall your own expense ensure compliance with all laws, regulatory requirements and restrictions applicable you (as the case may be); (c) you acknowledge, understand and agree that est may have value, there guarantee representation value liquidity for est, and est not for speculative investment; (d) none the foundation, its affiliates, and/or the e-sports chain team members shall responsible for liable for the value est, the transferability and/or liquidity est and/or the availability any market for est through third parties otherwise; and (e) you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are not eligible purchase any est you are citizen, national, resident (tax otherwise), domiciliary and/or green card holder geographic area country (i) where likely that the sale est would construed the sale security (howsoever named) investment product and/or (ii) which access participation the est token sale the e-sports chain network prohibited applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, administrative act, and/or (including without limitation the united states america, canada, new zealand, people's republic china and the republic korea). draft for open community review and subject change the foundation, the distributor and the e-sports chain team not and not purport make, and hereby disclaims, all representations, warranties undertaking any entity person (including without limitation warranties the accuracy, completeness, timeliness reliability the contents this whitepaper any other materials published the foundation). the maximum extent permitted law, the foundation, the distributor, their related entities and service providers shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including, without limitation, any liability arising from default negligence the part any them, any loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data) arising from the use this whitepaper any other materials published, its contents (including without limitation any errors omissions) otherwise arising connection with the same. prospective purchasers est should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties (including financial and legal risks and uncertainties) associated with the est token sale, the foundation, the distributor and the e-sports chain team. the information set out this whitepaper for community discussion only and not legally binding. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the acquisition est, and virtual currency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. the agreement for sale and purchase est and/or continued holding est shall governed separate set terms and conditions token purchase agreement (as the case may be) setting out the terms such purchase and/or continued holding est (the terms and conditions), which shall separately provided you made available the website. the event any inconsistencies between the terms and conditions and this whitepaper, the terms and conditions shall prevail. all contributions will applied towards the foundation's objects, including without limitation advancing, promoting the research, design and development of, and advocacy for blockchain-based decentralised e-sports ecosystem which would solve various problems the industry such unjustified incentive distribution centralised, inefficient institutions, order achieve fair profit distributions among content producers and consumers. draft for open community review and subject change regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. this only conceptual whitepaper describing the future development goals for the esports chain network developed. this whitepaper may amended replaced from time time. there are obligations update this whitepaper provide recipients with access any information beyond what provided this whitepaper. all statements contained this whitepaper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made the foundation, the distributor and/or the e-sports chain team may constitute forward-looking statements (including statements regarding intent, belief current expectations with respect market conditions, business strategy and plans, financial condition, specific provisions and risk management practices). you are cautioned not place undue reliance these forwardlooking statements given that these statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results materially different from that described such forward-looking statements, and independent third party has reviewed the reasonableness any such statements assumptions. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the date this whitepaper and the foundation and the e-sports chain team expressly disclaims any responsibility (whether express implied) release any revisions these forward-looking statements reflect events after such date. the use any company and/or platform names trademarks herein (save for those which relate the foundation its affiliates) does not imply any affiliation with, endorsement by, any third party. references this whitepaper specific companies and platforms are for illustrative purposes only. draft for open community review and subject change this whitepaper may translated into language other than english and the event conflict ambiguity between the english language version and translated versions this whitepaper, the english language version shall prevail. you acknowledge that you have read and understood the english language version this whitepaper. part this whitepaper copied, reproduced, distributed disseminated any way without the prior written consent the foundation. draft for open community review and subject change introduction e-sports the potentially first sport with its growth rate viewers years chinese e-sports market scale has exceeded billion problems the ecosystem e-sports e-sports transactions demand reputable intermediates gambling e-sports matches opaque and lacking credibility the kol value professional players and streamers hard evaluate ordinary players are short sense participation co-building ecosystem protective measures intellectual property are incomplete viability for the combination e-sports ecosystem and block chain decentralisation intamperability and uniqueness transparency and autonomy consensus mechanism and distribution virtual currency applications consensus mechanism distribution virtual currency examples applicable situations draft for open community review and subject change profit distribution among professional players, streamers and ordinary players the collections and transactions derivatives assets and services transactions between users gambling e-sports matches transactions and incentives for new types advertisement intelligent framework e-sports event details technique and project planning general framework ethereal module work proxy applications users challenges history business cooperation and implement consultant founding team strategic partners token distribution plan draft for open community review and subject change risk introduction e-sports e-sports newly rising sport and popular among the young. since its emergence, the rate growth the number participants for e-sports has remained steadily high level. e-sports has become official competition event the hangzhou asian games and hopeful included the paris summer olympics. the potentially first sport with growth rate viewers years report data for global e-sports market analysis from international market research institute newzoo shows that the number global e-sports event viewers reached million, which composed million e-sports lovers and million ordinary viewers. the total number expected million which more than its current state. research institute sparks honey from the united states believes that with more standardised e-sports events and expanded channels for e-sports events broadcast, the total number potential audiences will billion, and the ratings will exceed any other conventional events the united states. chinese e-sports market scale has exceeded billion e-sports gets more penetrated the young groups, shows massive industrial potential. during the league legends world championship, over million people snapped the tickets online, and the price scalped tickets rose times its original selling price most. according china e-sports industry report china audio-video and digital publishing association and joynews, the e-sports market scale reached billion with growth rate year-on-year; and estimated exceed billion problems the ecosystem e-sports e-sports transactions demand reputable intermediates the population game players massive, and they have abundant demands for transactions, involving the game itself, game accessories, game currency, player accompaniment, etc. for each scenario, there are corresponding centralised platforms help trading parties solve trust issues, these platforms build their business model around the collection commissions from each transaction. however, reality, much these commissions should rightfully belong the trading parties. centralised platforms have great control over their commission rates because their monopoly the trading market, which leaves almost place for the users bargain. what more, the current barriers towards market entry for new platforms are unable separate good and bad operators, which results good and bad platforms being intermingled. financial losses for users caused the bad operations management platforms even the usage unqualified platforms normality. gambling e-sports matches opaque and lacking credibility global gambling industry for e-sports events, centralised platforms also face the problem having mixture good and bad. users suffer losses personal property due opacity transactions and problems from unqualified platforms. meanwhile, gambling platforms often advertise themselves unscrupulously ways that leave impression unreliability users. result, users not trust platforms much. addition, traditional gambling platforms like betway, bet take percentage commission their profit, and their "t+n" settlement method delays and reduces the profit users favour the centralised gambling platforms through the leveraging time value money that should rightfully belong users. such case, users not have the ability bargain. the kol value professional players and streamers hard evaluate the essence e-sports event the business logic high quality ip, which derived from esports professional player. however, value assessment pro player not completed reasonable quantitative method, and the profit distribution among players and centralised organisers often extremely unreasonable. short, without just profit distribution mechanism, players cannot get the portion they deserve. for example, faker, renowned pro player e-sports event, whose excellent performance and achievements make him highly commercial valuable. chinese e-sports club offered faker million rmb join them but was declined because personal issues and faker continued serve skt with far less salary. many medias, fan-related products and services use faker's influence make profit while faker himself does not get direct increase personal income. aside it, e-sports clubs are faced with the same problem. some bottom clubs, arrears salaries, social security and lack health care support often occur. decentralised payment distribution mechanism should taken pro players for all kinds esports events. ordinary players are left short sense participation co-building ecosystem ordinary players are very fundamental contributors the e-sports field with their attention and money. for example, the fundamental division ranking system and matching systems both rely ordinary players, then comes the economic extensions the fundamentals such the levelling service economy, streaming economy and event economy. the value generated the full operations the game industry consumed fully manufacturers, event organisers, pro players, transaction platforms, etc. under this ecosystem, ordinary players get nothing return except entertainment and mental satisfaction. protective measures intellectual property are incomplete content generators e-sports area are faced with the problem that their original videos, articles can easily copied and tampered with. such scenario, centralised content platforms like jin tou tiao, portal league legends carve the profits the original content producers. viability for the combination the e-sports ecosystem and blockchain blockchain another milestone the development civilisation. claude elwood shannon's information theory solved the technical foundation problem quantitative information, built information network and completed the decentralisation information dissemination; satoshi nakamoto's blockchain solved the theoretical foundation problem quantitative credit measurement, and blockchain hopeful build valuable network the foundation left predecessors, the centralised transaction pattern can avoided, which greatly improve the efficiency value exchange and redefine the way how value distributed. due cogitative difference and the existence conventional organisations, achieve consensus blockchain short time difficult. this problem well opportunity. this makes possible offer private blockchain services based blockchain underlying protocol, which exactly the development opportunity for private blockchain any field. decentralisation e-sports competition event not like traditional sports event. e-sports event has natural advantages the areas data production and data collection. both ordinary players and professional players generate large amount data, which allows for quantification and analysis the area e-sports. building the consensus mechanism poc (proof contribution) based game data and reliable system would help eliminate centralised organisations and build valuable network that belongs the e-sports community. meanwhile, intelligent contracts provided the erc protocol ethereum concurrently increases efficiency value exchange and equality distribution ecosystem value. immutability and uniqueness after being verified and added into blockchain, information will stored permanently and cannot changed (except some private blockchain systems that will require special modifications). modification single node does not cause valid change data recorded block unless more than all nodes are being controlled. therefore, the stability and reliability data blockchain convincing. these characteristics not only potentially provides asset protection scenarios like e-sports transactions, but also projected represent the rights and interests owners making their contents scarce, changing the payment distribution mechanism for contents and increasing payments received owners for provision transparency and autonomy data records and all updates information are transparent all nodes, which the foundation trusted blockchain system. because the open source structure blockchain, open rules and high level community participation, the data records blockchain and its operating rule can examined, traced all nodes. so, blockchain has inherent high level transparency. agreeable rules and contracts employed blockchain provide free and secure environment for exchanging, recording and updating data, transferring the burden trust from being borne partially person institution within the ecosystem being borne entirely the blockchain system, which any artificial interruption rendered invalid. based these characteristics, the threshold for errors system predictability greatly lowered and point-to-point prediction based the blockchain trust system achieved. consensus mechanism and distribution virtual currency e-sports chain network follows bitcoin's proof work consensus mechanism, building proof contribution according personal game data, streamer data, pro player match data and on, with the consensus nodes determining the distribution the e-sports tokens (est). applications the native digital cryptographically-secured utility token the e-sports chain network (est) major component the ecosystem the e-sports chain network, and designed used solely the network. est the virtual currency the ecosystem e-sports chain network and will used for all exchanges services and applications within the whole ecosystem. pro players, users, streamers and will also receive corresponding digital currency incentives according their contributions this ecosystem. est non-refundable functional utility token which will used the unit exchange between participants the e-sports chain network. the goal introducing est provide convenient and secure mode payment and settlement between participants who interact within the ecosystem the e-sports chain network. est does not any way represent any shareholding, participation, right, title, interest the foundation, its affiliates, any other company, enterprise undertaking, nor will est entitle token holders any promise fees, dividends, revenue, profits investment returns, and are not intended constitute securities singapore any relevant jurisdiction. est may only utilised the e-sports chain network, and ownership est carries rights, express implied, other than the right use est means enable usage and interaction with the e-sports chain network. particular, you understand and accept that est: (a) non-refundable and cannot exchanged for cash (or its equivalent value any other virtual currency) any payment obligation the foundation any affiliate; (b) does not represent confer the token holder any right any form with respect the foundation (or any its affiliates) its revenues assets, including without limitation any right receive future dividends, revenue, shares, ownership right stake, share security, any voting, distribution, redemption, liquidation, proprietary (including all forms intellectual property), other financial legal rights equivalent rights, intellectual property rights any other form participation relating the e-sports chain network, the foundation, the distributor and/or their service providers; (c) not intended represent any rights under contract for differences under any other contract the purpose pretended purpose which secure profit avoid loss; (d) not intended representation money (including electronic money), security, commodity, bond, debt instrument any other kind financial instrument investment; (e) not loan the foundation any its affiliates, not intended represent debt owed the foundation any its affiliates, and there expectation profit; and (f) does not provide the token holder with any ownership other interest the foundation any its affiliates. consensus mechanism e-sports chain network follows bitcoin's proof work consensus mechanism, building arithmetic model for calculating contribution game field with the data from personal game experience, streamer data, pro player match data and support proof contribution, with the consensus nodes determining the distribution est. computational resources are required for achieving block consensus the e-sports chain network, thus providers these services resources would require payment for the consumption these resources (i.e. "mining" the e-sports chain network) maintain network integrity, and est will used the unit exchange quantify and pay the costs the consumed computational resources. est integral and indispensable part the e-sports chain network, because without est, there would incentive for users expend resources participate activities provide services for the benefit the entire ecosystem the e-sports chain network. distribution virtual currency similar the mining model bitcoin, which calculates once minutes, est incentives are received content contributors the ecosystem e-sports chain according the principle proof contribution fixed amount will set the incentives pool distributed, distributions are halve the amount the incentives pool every days the payments for miners. examples application situations incentive distribution among professional players, streamers and ordinary players for problems like unjustified incentive distribution and centralised institutions taking high levels profit with relatively low efficiency, e-sports chain network adopts solution that advocates decentralised payment mechanism enhance the efficiency value exchange and payments direct participants the ecosystem. the contribution each pro player will evaluated and incentivised with est, based the relevant event levels and event audience, the performance the players and results. this process would bypasses centralised institutions such the event organiser, the club, agency, etc, and redefine the distribution payments among professional players. distribution algorithm will evaluate the score each user according their positive and negative actions. greater contributions would represented higher scores, resulting greater est incentives awarded. users the e-sports chain network and/or holders est which did not actively participate will not receive any est incentives. the detail this algorithm follows: standardised original index one collects p-dimension vector (x, x..., xp), which the total number factors (xi, xi..., xio), ..., n>p, build sample matrix, then standardised transform ,in which this matrix get standardised matrix arrived at. transform index variables principal components which the first principal component, the second principal component..., the pth principal component. solve the characteristic equation correlated sample matrix arriving eigenvalues with total number the principal component can arrived at. confirm the value which makes sure that the coefficient utilisation larger than each lj, ..., solve equation set ljb get unit eigenvector make synthetic evaluation all principal components weigh and sum all principal components get weighed score the influence time match should considered and all above should z-score standardised with m)/s, which stands for specific score, the average and the standard deviation. when smaller than which case can considered that meaning the contribution the system this algorithm can deducted for all pro players, streamers and users the ecosystem the esports ecosystem. different data dimensions are used calculate their incentive model respectively follows: pro players: {event_level, match_attention, match result, player_performance} streamers: {game_type, viewer_size, stream_performance, stream_time} game players: {game_type, game_level, game_result, gamer_performance, game_time} the collections and transactions derivatives for top resources game industry like pro players and streamers, e-sports chain network can distribute the incentives more directly players making scarcity and using decentralised sales approach. for example, based the data player during match, great amount valuable marketing content has been produced, which rights should belong the player himself, but currently there are corresponding services products actualise and distribute this portion the player. with e-sports token blockchain system, one can process these contents into consumable virtual products, which can liken electronic star cards. these kinds products may traded est, and the value generated this trade will belongs player who owns the rightful the contents. the traded electronic star cards (as represented secondary digital tokens) will illustrate their value under the supply and demand relationships the market collector's item because its immutability part blockchain and its natural scarcity. e-sports chain network provides transaction system that helps these valuable star cards traded point-to-point, allowing these derivatives potentially possess not only high consumable value, but also substantial collectible and liquidity value. here example: suppose uzi achieved his kills lpl match the intelligent contract system then would automatically execute statistic achievement task, then produce and register this statistic achievement, and wrap exclusive uzi kills electronic commemorative cards with total number and trade derivative trading platform. fan uzi paid get exclusive card, and uzi will receive the remaining est paid (player remuneration). after that, the card will collected and owned the fan, these cards can further traded the platform provided e-sports chain network. assets and services transactions between users for problems like non-standardised transaction platform and unreliable credit rating system, esports chain network has come with brand-new solution. based the transaction platform e-sports chain network, the problems users regarding their game assets can easily solved through the usage est. through transactions with est the only platform currency for settlement, users would able list their goods for trade, make matches for trading, payment and delivery goods, well sign and fulfil contracts. through the usage est, the e-sports chain network potentially provides users highly secured transaction platform. items that can traded the platform include but are not limited game peripherals, accessories and items game, game accounts, derivatives, accompanied game experience service, etc. field description nonce transaction number consignee's address value amount data smart contracts need perform functions and variables that need passed. signature the transaction signature the sender address. prediction e-sports matches current prediction platforms e-sports matches exist problems like non-standard prediction platforms and lack reliable credit rating system. with the characteristics transparency and decentralisation, e-sports chain network can avoid risks brought centralised prediction services. predictions for matches based e-sports chain network not need any systemic oversight from centralised organisations. e-sports chain network would support the making predictions users point-to-point, which efficiently avoids being taken cut prediction institutions and maximise the payments due users. comparison, decentralised prediction market e-sports event lower the threshold for initiating and participating predictions; and with support the esports chain network the basic foundation, this prediction market can reliably run itself and avoid collapse single point. prediction market based e-sports chain network, players can start any type prediction guessing title satisfy their individual need for prediction gaming, which enhances their sense participation and experience e-sports. those who will the prediction game obtain c_win and those who lose get c_loss: c_win=c_loss*(-cs) personalised prediction gaming diagram transactions and incentives for new types advertisement for unjust profit distribution among content producers and consumer, e-sports chain network has brand-new solution advertisement system with its characteristics decentralisation and autonomy. e-sports chain network will redefine the profit distribution method among advertisers, high quality content producers and game content consumers. webcasting area, part the advertisement fee spent advertisers first drawn out intermediates like streaming platform and agency, the rest which finally paid the streamer; there similar situation the areas video and article content. currently the attention consumers place e-sports content not remunerated. the new type e-sports advertisement scenario demands advertisers advertise themselves with prices denominated est price pa, and content consumers will gain est (consumer_gain) depending the amount attention they put into the content and the platform. producer_gain consumer_gain intelligent framework for e-sports event there high demand for ground events the gaming ecosystem the core users the gaming arena who have contributed much attention e-sports arena. however, only professional players top events get relatively handsome remuneration, and ordinary e-sports lovers are unable obtain any remuneration from their ecosystem supporting behaviour. this problem can solved well with the new intelligent framework for e-sports event based blockchain techniques. esports chain network introduces intelligent event system with distributed jackpot. this system allows players and brands organise e-sports events themselves based intelligent contract system. the usage est would support the ecosystem surrounding this intelligent event system. technically speaking, intelligent event system e-sports chain network automatic software platform that tracks and manages every match event. the mail purpose this platform make sure the winners group stage and incentive distribution among them. non-impartial judgement impossible since artificial factors are totally eliminated. this how this system operates: after players having entered the event, intelligent contract receives the prediction linked funds est form and stores until the winner determined and the event over. then the release official results will convey winners, their account ids and the amount payments due each party through intelligent contract using api. accordingly, the rightful winners will get their payments. details technique and project planning newly rising information technology, blockchain can serve source trust for both parties transaction who not have prior dealings act the basis for trust towards each other order complete exchange value, thus blockchain has been praised machine that creates trust. blockchain decentralised and trust-free distributed ledger technology which consists distributed data storage, point-to-point transmission, consensus mechanism, encryption algorithm and many other technologies, being considered for many business applications primarily build trust, increase transparency, reliability and security. blockchain technology revolution changing the way mutual trust can achieved and goes beyond merely the virtual currency and payment and settlement field able impact supply chain finance, digital asset transactions, the sharing economy, food security, charity and many other fields, and will bring new opportunities cloud computing, mobile internet, internet things and other new generation information technology. also, believed that will profoundly impact e-sports business. general framework this point, relatively direct applications blockchain e-sports area include ground virtual currency, valuable media among users and players, registration digital asset, evaluation good content, decentralised streaming platform and so. the general framework shown below: ethereal module with blockchain, all transaction information and user behaviour information the whole e-sports ecosystem can recorded decentralised ledger. intelligent contract set openly fundamental economic rule for electronic ecosystem solve transaction and problems incentives for each stage, making the whole ecosystem open and transparent. distributed data storage will store massive amount media data. these data include professional players, users, clubs, game-related documents, content published pgu, basic data needed stream, game and third-party applications, and data users and data contribution players, esports derivatives and on. work proxy work proxy mainly include work core, work hqlib, work api, and its design concept comes from spark framework. core responsible for submitting topics and hqlib uses graphql satisfy request client for data set based back-end defined graph pattern. work proxy uses est fuel and uses blockchain combined with applicable and business scenarios e-sports provide users and developers convenient and fast payment and settlement method and application development interface protocol based intelligent contract and est system. users and developers can develop and publish their own applications the e-sports chain network access their own data acquire users and develop commercial value using data points, derivatives and network e-sports. they can also benefit making contribution this community. the development platform the e-sports chain network will provide api kernel application help developers use est develop applications conveniently. applications applications can applicable many ways the basis work proxy. can understood the application basic service, which includes the development event system, transaction system (collections ip, patterns, skill knowledge, virtual items and other e-sports derivatives), prediction system, advertisement system and so. based this ecosystem, anyone any third-party software developers can contribute the whole ecosystem e-sports chain network the basis work proxy. users participants the ecosystem e-sports chain network are the users blockchain system application. main characters ecosystem e-sports chain network are users, pro players, streamers, advertisers and event organisers. different characters contribute the same ecosystem. for example, when users submit high quality personal data, they will receive est. each object has his corresponded algorithm ensure the operation ecosystem. challenges the biggest challenge implement blockchain+ the extreme lack potential employees. many financial institutions and enterprises stay the concept stage blockchain, whose developers not understand blockchain; those who are interested blockchain who want business blockchain industry not systematically understand the theory and development blockchain and the knowledge and techniques blockchain developer should have. history business cooperation and implement e-sports chain network will deeply cooperate with e-sports app stages like personal data, event data, and content producer and support research and development poc. transaction scenarios e-sports chain network will applicable current e-sports products market. scenarios like virtual items transaction, gambling, sales the derivative the player will implemented short time. the foundation will rapidly promote e-sports chain network answering data queries and engaging the media, which will help users achieve consensus on. consultants ventureslab co-founded the founders dfj tim draper and the president china young angel investor leader association mai, gang. wang, lijie co-founder preangel fund invested over companies technology. has diversified layout blockchain field. invested projects like xiaoyi, yuanjie, gifto, and oben. sheng famous dota player world champion dota. founder ftd esports club and esports platform xiao cang famous game commentator world champion steelseries iron lady invitational tournament. olympic torchbearer beijing olympic game she has made over game videos and has click-rate billion. jeon yong-jun famous e-sports caster and commentator famous korean e-sports caster called "hype man lol". has been engaged the e-sports industry for over years and has hosted the league legends world championship. lee hyun-woo (aka cloudtemplar) famous e-sports commentator and streamer former league legends professional player, won the league legends world championship runner-up prize. currently wellknown e-sports commentator and popular streamer. his youtube channel has over subscriptions. founding team ceo pechi veteran chinese esports industry with years experience, advocator esports professionalization, former producer tencent video coo experienced esports professional, formerly worked for comsenz and tencent cto playcode experienced internet engineer, formerly worked for comsenz and tencent strategic partners token distribution plan the distributor est shall affiliate the foundation. the planned distribution est follows: total: est( esports token esports chain team est foundation est shareholders and consultants est private placement est ecosystem building est initially non-transferrable, and transferred over period months locked the contributions the token sale will held the distributor (or its affiliate) after the token sale, and contributors will have economic legal right over beneficial interest these contributions the assets that entity after the token sale. the extent secondary market exchange for trading est does develop, would run and operated wholly independently the foundation, the distributor, the sale est and the e-sports chain network. neither the foundation nor the distributor will create such secondary markets nor will either entity act exchange for est. ecological construction private placement esports chain team foundation shareholders and consultants risks risk disclosure you acknowledge and agree that there are numerous risks associated with purchasing est, holding est, and using est for participation the e-sports chain network. the worst scenario, this could lead the loss all part the est which had been purchased. every est purchaser should read, understand and consider with caution the risks listed below before deciding whether purchase est. every est purchaser should especially aware this fact: though the foundation was founded the republic singapore, the e-sports chain network and est themselves exist only internet cyberspace without any tangible form, which results that e-sports chain network and est belong related any specified country region. participating this public sale plan should deliberate and mature decision and purchasers are regarded have known and agreed the risks listed below. termination this public sales plan this est public sales plan could terminated ahead time. this situation, purchasers can only refunded for certain part because the price fluctuation bitcoin eth and expenses the foundation. insufficient information provided until the publication this white book, e-sports chain network still under development, the philosophical concept, consensus mechanism, algorithm, code and other technical details and parameters which may updated and changed often. although this white book contains all key information e-sports chain network, not totally complete, and will revised and updated the foundation for certain purpose. the foundation not able and not responsible for informing every participant about every detail the development (including the expected milestone, delayed not). therefore, inevitable and reasonable not necessarily keep purchasers data the information development. uncertain regulations and enforcement actions the regulatory status est and distributed ledger technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions. the regulation virtual currencies has become primary target regulation all major countries the world. impossible predict how, when whether regulatory agencies may apply existing regulations create new regulations with respect such technology and its applications, including est and/or the e-sports chain network. regulatory actions could negatively impact est and/or the e-sports chain network various ways. the foundation (or its affiliates) may cease operations jurisdiction the event that regulatory actions, changes law regulation, make illegal operate such jurisdiction, commercially undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. after consulting with wide range legal advisors and continuous analysis the development and legal structure virtual currencies, the foundation will apply cautious approach towards the sale est. therefore, for the token sale, the foundation may constantly adjust the sale strategy order avoid relevant legal risks much possible. for the token sale the foundation working with tzedek law llc, boutique corporate law firm singapore with good reputation the blockchain space. cryptology cryptology evolving progressively and cannot guaranteed with define security. the evolution cryptology (like cracking) technology (like the invention quantum computer) might bring systems based cryptology (including e-sports chain network) risks. this may result the stealing, disappearing, vanishing, destroying depreciation. the foundation will act preventive measure make-up policy reasonable range, like updating the basic protocols e-sports chain network deal with any progress cryptology, and bringing into new and reasonable security measure. though the future cryptology cannot predicted, the foundation will try cater it. failure abandon development e-sports chain network still under development. because its complexity, the foundation may face unpredicted and insuperable difficult. therefore, the development e-sports chain network may failed abandoned any time for any reason. the failure abandon will result est can given any purchasers this public sales plan. the stealing crowdfunding there may someone who tries steal the funds that the foundation has raised (including the part that has been transferred legal tender). this kind stealing will steal may affect the development e-sports chain network. although the most advanced security technology has been adapted, some cyberthefts are still hard prevent. flaws source codes one can guarantee the source codes e-sports chain network are flawless. some flaws, errors, defects and bugs may cause problems like certain functions unable operate, user information leaking some other problems. certain problem occurs, the usability, stability and/or security will damaged, which has negative influence est. open source codes will remain transparent encourage verification and problem-solving from community. the foundation will cooperate closely with e-sports chain network community steadily improve, optimise and perfect source codes e-sports chain network. admittance permission free, distributed and autonomy ledger current blockchain projects, there are three main distributed ledger. they are admittance permission free ledger, hyperledger and private ledger. the distributed ledger used the ground e-sports chain network admittance permission free, which means can visited and used anyone without admittance permission. although e-sports chain network was initially developed the foundation, not owned, operated controlled the foundation. the spontaneously formed e-sports chain network community completely open, centralisation-free and joinable without permission. consists users, fans, developers, est owners and other participants globally. they have relationship with the foundation. update source codes the source codes e-sports chain network open and can updated, revised changed any member the community any time. one can expect guarantee the exact result certain update, modification change. therefore, any update, modification change could lead unexpectable unexpected result, which may damage the operation e-sports chain network the functions est. security weakness e-sports chain network based open source software and its distributed ledger has admittance permission. although the foundation makes great effort guarantee the system security e-sports chain network, anyone could consciously unconsciously bring weakness flaws the kernel infrastructure elements, which the foundation cannot prevent make the adapted protective measures. this may eventually result the loss est other digital tokens. distributed denial service the ledger that ethereum designated was open and admittance permission free ledger. therefore, ethereum may suffer distributed denial service attack. this attack will make esports chain network system suffer from negative influence, stagnation paralysis, and result transaction being delayed writing recording into the block ethereum, even unable being executed. insufficient processing capacity the rapid development e-sports chain network will accompany with the sharply rising demand transaction volume and processing capacity. the demands surpass the capacity offered, the e-sports chain network network may stagnate paralyse, and may cause fraud transaction like double payment. the worst case, est held anyone could disappeared and rollback ethereum blocks even hard fork could triggered. the aftermath these events will damage the usability, stability, and security e-sports chain network and the functions est. unauthorised claim for est sales anyone who uses encryption cracking get purchasers registered email address registered account access right can acquire the est for sale bought the est purchasers. thus, the est sale could wrongly sent anyone who registered their email address registered account claim the est, which irrevocable and irreversible. anyone who purchases want purchase est should take measure like: (i) use highly secured password; (ii) not open reply any fraud email; (iii) keep the classified personal information secret. private wallet key the loss damage private key irreversible. only through the one and only public and private key local online can est operated. every purchaser should take good care his est private wallet key. the private key lost, leaked, damaged, stolen, the foundation any other people cannot help the purchaser chase his est back. inflation depending the detailed ground protocols when e-sports chain network platform releases, the total volume est may increase time passes, and may increase further because adapting new source code patch updating. therefore the inflation caused such action may result the market price going down, which means economic loss est holders. there guarantee that est purchasers holders will compensated any form. popularity the functions est depends majorly the popularity e-sports chain network platform. e-sports chain network not expected popular shortly after release. the worst case, e-sports chain network might marginalised for long time that attracts only few users. for the contrary, big part demanding need might speculative. lack users might result big fluctuation market price which affects long-term development e-sports chain network. when such fluctuation occurs, the foundation will not (and not responsible) stable influence the market price est. liquidity est not currency released any individual, entity, central bank country, supranational quasi-state organisation, and not supported any hard asset other credit institution. the liquidity and transaction not the responsibility aspiration the foundation. the transaction est merely based consensus achieved related market participants. individual responsible exchange purchase any est and individual can guarantee the liquidity market price est any time any degree. est holder wants transfer his est, should find one more purchasers who are willing make this transaction happen with agreed contract. this process might cost much, take much time and not guaranteed successful. aside that, there might not encrypted transaction place other online market that offers trading platform. price fluctuation when traded publicly, cryptographic token often has great fluctuations price, which may caused market force (including speculation), changes regulation, technological innovation, and acquirability transaction platform and other objective reasons. such fluctuation reflection supply and demand relationship. whether there exists secondary transaction platform for est, the foundation not responsible. therefore, the foundation not responsible the price fluctuation and cares not. the risk related the price fluctuation should taken trading parties themselves. competition the ground protocols e-sports chain network are based open source computer software. individual can advocate his pattern any other intellectual property the source codes. therefore, everyone can copy, revise, design, redesign, modify, update, recode, reprogram any other way use the source codes ground protocols legally develop try develop more competitive protocol, software, system, virtual platform virtual machine that compete with e-sports chain network, which even surpass replace e-sports chain network. the foundation cannot control such thing. aside that, there already exists and will more competitive platforms based blockchain compete e-sports chain network. the foundation cannot eliminate, prevent, limit reduce this kind competition replacement. failure develop there the risk that the development the e-sports chain network will not executed implemented planned, for variety reasons, including without limitation the event decline the prices any digital asset, virtual currency est, unforeseen technical difficulties, and shortage development funds for activities. other risks addition the aforementioned risks, the potential risks briefly mentioned above are not exhaustive and there are other risks (as more particularly set out the terms and conditions) associated with your purchase, holding and use est, including those that the foundation cannot anticipate. such risks may further materialise unanticipated variations combinations the aforementioned risks. you should conduct full due diligence the foundation, its affiliates and the e-sports chain team, well understand the overall framework, mission and vision for the e-sports chain network prior purchasing est. references https://www.bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf http://www.valvesoftware.com/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/video_game_publisher https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/microtransaction