europe's premier digital asset exchange whitepaper version europe's premier digital asset exchange whitepaper version robert auxt kenneth kumor "the transition from signs that dissimulate something signs that dissimulate that there nothing marks decisive turning point." jean baudrillard, simulacra and simulation abstract eterbase cryptocurrency exchange platform with focus multi-asset support and regulatory compliance. demonstrate sections below, there clearly underserved market for reliable cryptocurrency exchange with robust operational and technological infrastructure par with the large banks and wall street firms. have designed our exchange platform and membership protocol accommodate wide variety trading needs, with the intention solving number key problems and common annoyances affecting the quality trading experience the first wave digital asset exchanges. eterbase engaged the process building robust and fully compliant platform that offers broad range and cryptocurrency-specialized solutions. these include high-frequency trading platform capable real-time spot trading and margin trading, over-the-counter trading, and high frequency server hosting with direct-market access and incentive system for market makers. keywords: blockchain, token distribution events, digital asset exchange, cryptocurrency markets, market making, trading, order matching, direct market access, crypto lending, decentralized system, electronic money institution table contents introduction market opportunity industry challenges market requirements technology client support fiat trading volume asset security trading fees listing requirements exchange platform features and functions trading interface sub-accounts social trading technical architecture overview modular architecture matching engine data management infrastructure network account management and safety fiat-based services iban accounts debit cards fiat crypto payment services directive electronic money institution eterbase membership membership token membership features fee structure market maker program direct market access masternode hosting the company established liechtenstein intellectual property governance structure compliance data protection aml/kyc policy disclaimer glossary terms roadmap implementation phases resources contact details ... introduction market opportunity funds raised through sales cryptocurrency tokens increased from usd january usd july this activity expected exceed usd []. new global social and economic developments have rapidly changed digital asset market demands []. although significant progress has been made since the early days bitcoin, the first wave cryptocurrency exchanges has become synonymous with non-transparent leadership, performance hiccups, and strategic failings []. throughout and all major exchanges have experienced usability issues, and some were even forced suspend trading and new user account registrations temporarily []. despite the lack infrastructure, cryptocurrencies and digital assets are continuing their incredible rally and the combined market capitalization all assets has reached over usd []. industry challenges within this section, address some the major challenges concerning the operation cryptocurrency exchange and provide concept for set best practices with the purpose ensuring consistent trading experience our platform. market requirements overall, existing infrastructure hasn't kept with growth. existing cryptocurrency exchanges are unable handle modern cryptocurrency trading demands. with the advancement blockchain technology, more people are migrating from fiat-based monetary system blockchain-based financial systems. technology due rate-limited trading apis, non-real-time transaction confirmations, and delayed order book updates, currently exceptionally challenging, not impossible, monetize trading strategies that require the simultaneous execution many trades (e.g., algorithmic trading, scalping, market making) []. client support for most exchanges, customer service afterthought. their customer service model focused resolving issues instead serving users. response times are painfully slow, and some exchanges don't respond written telephone inquiries all []. kraken, for example, one the leading exchanges, and when the demand for identity verification high, takes around days complete the kyc process required for tier verification []. the eterbase customer support system will employ human-centric customer service model ensure that every incoming request, whether sales inquiries from prospective customers support queries from existing clients, efficiently managed and responded to. studies show that exchange customer response time key when comes trader satisfaction. fiat due the lack formal framework and high barrier entry, most cryptocurrency exchanges lack fiat support. it's often necessary first move btc into mainstream exchange with better liquidity and that supports btc-to-fiat trading, and then make fiat deposit withdrawal via sepa/wire transfer. part eterbase's market entry strategy, aim launch multiple fiat-to-crypto and cryptoto-fiat trading pairs right off the start; including chf, eur, usd. although tether would much less expensive implement and maintain, believe that relying solely party implementation stable-coin might cause compliance complications. trading volume may th, coinbase, leading exchange platform, claimed that unprecedented high trading volume caused the system halt and led significant plummet bitcoin's value. one the biggest cryptocurrency exchanges, kraken, was recently down for more than two days, causing clients panic []. established exchanges clearly suffer from usability problems. some users are losing confidence first-wave exchanges and are hesitant make large deposits, which depletes liquidity both sides []. asset security asset security major concern. digital asset trading platforms hold large amounts cryptocurrency deposits, making them unavoidably the target hackers. february th, mt. gox, bitcoin exchange, was breached and lost bitcoin, which currently worth usd, while august bitfinex, one the world's top cryptocurrency exchanges, was hacked and lost bitcoin, which currently valued more than usd []. furthermore, most cryptocurrency exchanges are unable guarantee their adoption full-reserve banking (or, reserve banking), system which financial institutions must keep the entire amounts depositors' funds cash and available for immediate withdrawal. investors continue concerned about security issues, the growth the cryptocurrency trading market will affected. trading fees average, the top cryptocurrency exchanges charge trading fees for both makers and takers, which impact traders' profit margins significantly. although many exchanges advertise low trading fees, these reduced rates only apply once trader's volume has reached very high threshold. listing requirements aim provide pragmatic environment for the listing and ongoing supervision wide range blockchain-based assets. despite the growing number alternative coins and newly issued tokens, there significant lack exchanges that provide support for more than tradable assets. initial listing fees and annual fees our platform will vary according the asset type rather than the market capitalization. based feedback have received, the most inconvenient factor for newly formed coin and token communities high listing fees. intend strengthen the whole ecosystem opening additional space for promising coins and tokens that are having trouble getting listed major exchanges. the biggest inconvenience token crowdsales and icos that newly issued tokens cannot traded exchange immediately following the token distribution phase. low liquidity emerging tokens causes large bid-ask spread, which reduces their value. today's leading exchanges can command mil. listing fee. result, holders newly issued digital assets have choice but resort secondary markets, which have low liquidity and large spreads. due low liquidity and large bid-ask spreads following token distribution, most newly issues assets cannot immediately traded exchange fair value []. ... exchange platform features and functions central any exchange venue trading platform, typically central limit order book which counterparties' orders are matched. market fragmentation the cryptocurrency space and increased market complexity impose set peculiar operational challenges. ios application user interface preview immediately access your profit and loss profile your mobile device. the core systems the exchange must implemented using tested technology avoid socalled 'flash crashes' and market glitches, which are frequent occurrence today's crypto markets. trading interface the eterbase exchange environment features intuitive trading interface for placing buy/sell orders and native set technical analysis tools. the interface system designed highly functional and aesthetically appealing. sub-accounts provide high level manageability across range digital assets for professional and institutional traders, eterbase will implement system manage multiple sub-accounts. the latest information about portfolio performance and current prices across your sub-accounts can conveniently accessed through the main account home screen. social trading social trading creates uniquely engaging trading experience allowing the possibility following and interacting with top traders and market leaders. this creates opportunity for successful traders monetize their knowledge market events earning xbase rewards for providing signals and commentaries. trading user interface preview ... technical architecture overview our exchange aims facilitate global low-latency trading experience using redundant and horizontally scalable architecture for the account management system. each trading pair deployed dedicated instance order matching engine ensure high order processing and exceptionally low latency for all users. the main features the platform architecture are: proprietary low-level, high-speed, and low-latency matching engine core the exchange architecture. market data distribution via internal high-speed and low-latency publisher/subscriber model with final delivery through websockets. persistent order and user data storage auto-rebalanced sharded databases for optimum performance and availability. four-layer root-spine-leaf architecture with autoscaling leaf nodes. real-time market data and order management combined with asynchronous post-processing. dashboard user interface preview core systems utilizing curated low-latency network hardware equipment that can cope with hundreds millions orders per second across trading pairs while maintaining latency for order response. direct market access for professional high-frequency traders exclusive access will guarantee physically close location our infrastructure and proximity eterbase matching engines. advanced control services layer secure fund movements (orders and withdrawals) and continual system consistency checks. utilization custom hsm and shamir's secret sharing scheme for private key and wallet management. industrial recovery solution minimize dependency one physical datacenter. modular architecture the core systems eterbase consist several micro-services, various api types and modules that ensure operation exchange and platforms under extreme system loads and zero fault tolerance. the exchange depends advanced messaging methods and extremely low latency communication interfaces for individual modules that ensure high throughput and extremely low latency. eterbase supports rest api (representational state transfer application programming interface) and the websocket api that are usually utilized retail and casual traders who prefer simplicity over latency. additionally, fix api (financial information exchange) will supported mainly support payment services and accounts management and fast api (fix adapted for streaming) for low-latency data streams and institutional high-frequency traders and market makers. matching engine have developed novel order matching engine the programming language that capable processing five million orders per second, in-memory through single-threaded instance running consumer grade processor. regarding real market performance, estimate that the engine will able process somewhere the range tens thousands orders per second. the engine system comprises microservices divided into four core building blocks (a) frontend layer, (b) backend layer, (c) trading engine, and (d) shared persistent storage for each trading pair. our core order matching engine software development follows test-driven development philosophy using docker and kubernetes for continuous delivery and integration. data management developed node.js, the microservice framework optimized work asynchronous and nonblocking modes ensure high throughput. persistent data will stored mongodb databases highly-available setup with one primary member, two secondary members, and two arbiters. one the secondary members will used for regular backups via filesystem snapshots ensure data consistency. this setup ensures there single point failure and enables horizontal scaling the infrastructure needed. with increasing traffic, the system can scaled easily adding new servers. the load will distributed across all available servers automatically. infrastructure all servers will placed carefully selected tier data-centers near existing financial centers with emphasis power and access high-speed connectivity the area, providing low access latency for external brokers and increasing the availability the whole system. network the network stack will utilize the latest hardware and optical networks handle tens gigabits per second traffic without any delays. the digital asset exchange will cooperate with hardware suppliers and vendors ensure that the server infrastructure stack will deliver the lowest possible latencies and the highest possible availability. account management and safety since keeping our user's funds secure our top priority, have decided implement decentralized method storage for all sensitive information based shamir's secret sharing algorithm. all information that needs remain secret is, applicable, split into multiple parts and given independent custodians under conditions where not possible reconstruct the secret just from one part. all unused private keys are stored offline cold-storage vault, utilizing open and easily auditable hardware infrastructure. architecture diagram ... fiat-based services iban accounts eterbase the process applying for electronic money institution (emi) license that will enable kyc-verified exchange customers open account their own name featuring unique iban (international bank account number iso international standard for numbering bank accounts initially introduced the european union). direct market access architecture diagram institutional players have wall street-like efficiency eterbase eterbase will able issue fully operational international bank account number (iban) its clients the individual basis the same way traditional banks do. the emi license fully passportable across the entire european economic area (eea) that covers countries europe. utilizing emi license and sepa will allow eterbase group clear euro payments directly without any involvement from traditional banks. these services include: cash deposits and withdrawals payment account execution direct debits execution payment transactions through payment card the issuance payment cards the issuance and acquisition payment instruments money transfers execution payment transactions where the consent the payer execute payment transaction given using any telecommunications terminal equipment, digital, electronic device the issuance electronic money debit cards following the successful attainment emi license and the principal membership with debit card payment processor, eterbase will have the ability issue its first debit card that will simultaneously give its customer choice hold cryptocurrencies and cash use normal debit card. eterbase debit cards preview fiat crypto anyone wishing enter the cryptocurrency world for the first time must initially purchase coins tokens through exchange with eur, usd, chf, another supported fiat currency. after obtaining the necessary licensing, eterbase will engage clearing digital assets directly fiat primarily denominated european currencies. our long-term strategy involves entering into partnerships with multiple independent banking and financial institutions that will serve strategic market-makers who provide liquidity the platform. payment services directive the payment services directive (psd) going have major impact competition between payment providers. the most important change that banks will have open their apis that the third-party payment providers can access client's data directly. practice, this means that retail customers who hold multiple accounts various institutions would able display all their banking information just one platform, which brings benefits smaller and emerging service providers such eterbase. electronic money institution directive //ec the electronic money directive (emd) sets out the rules for the business practices and supervision electronic money institutions (emi) and lays down the foundation for single market for electronic money services across the european union. the emd also defines electronic money digital alternative cash. utilizing the legal framework the electronic money directive will allow the eterbase group serve the entire european economic area (eea). furthermore, emi license will allow eterbase fully integrate with the single euro payments area (sepa) euro payment system and issue electronic money based regulation sepa currently serves approximately million people, million businesses, and european public authorities allowing them make and receive payments euros very low costs, regardless their location the eea. integration into the sepa scheme will facilitate the processing direct debit payments within the eea. ... eterbase membership membership token eterbase membership based our erc-compliant token, xbase, which represents different levels access the eterbase exchange platform. membership tokens can redeemed for discounts, products, and services available through the exchange. although xbase tokens might tradable, they are not investment, currency, security, commodity, swap currency, any other kind financial instrument. the only possible utility the sole discretion eterbase and the tiered membership program, which can changed terminated any time the discretion eterbase ag. eterbase will utilize any direct indirect proceeds benefits from donations, contributions, exchange, trading xbase its sole discretion. eterbase token information membership features the main tool incentivize trading will tiered membership scheme based the amount xbase tokens deposited the eterbase platform. fee structure minimizing commissions and trading fees can have significant impact over the course trader's career. our fees will scaled competitively against other major exchanges and regularly updated reflect changes market demand. possible reduce trading fees using xbase membership tokens. eterbase membership tiers comparison market maker program part our market maker incentive scheme, will work create suitable environment for market makers and high-volume traders. market makers have positive effect the creation liquidity and supply other traders with relevant price signals. direct market access our dma server hosting package provides convenient option rent trading server near our core exchange infrastructure, giving you edge over traders without dma. masternode hosting traders will receive the full benefits from their masternode without sacrificing the convenience instantly transferring their coins and out the exchange. service fee will applied for the maintenance the masternode and/or proof-of-stake assets. the size the service fee will determined the user's current membership status. ... the company established liechtenstein eterbase ag, with its registered office vaduz, liechtenstein company limited shares (aktiengesellschaft) and that entered the liechtenstein commercial register under corporate number fl-... liechtenstein known for being one the most important financial centers europe. has highly developed free-enterprise economy and the world's third-highest per capita income. due its favorable regulatory environment and membership the eea, today, lichtenstein has one the most developed fintech industries the world. intellectual property the eterbase exchange platform wholly owned eterbase ag. incorporates the main software modules, described the white paper, such the secure data management system, market order matching engines, the membership protocol, crypto-to-crypto and fiat-to-crypto trading pairs, the trading gui for placing buy/sell orders, secure online wallet interface, and account management system modules. governance structure eterbase governed its executive team and corporate board directors. the future, eterbase might accept new investments the form venture capital conduct security issuance regulated markets that might affect the goals and visions presented this white paper. holders xbase tokens will able propose and vote listing activities, new product features, and endeavours concerning the operations eterbase ag. voting results will not legally binding, and eterbase will not obliged follow the results. ... compliance data protection all data subjects, whether individuals companies, will have the option request absolute removal all their data that guaranteed third party and fully verifiable. all communication between server and client encrypted. pseudonymization will applied via separate module within the eterbase exchange core architecture, thereby guaranteeing maximum data protection and control for our clients and partners strict compliance with regulation (eu) additionally, eterbase and all its subsidiaries will appoint independent and professional data protection officer (dpo) who will responsible monitor all data subjects wide scale continuously and systematically. eterbase's dpo will also have direct access all board meetings, internal data systems, and datarelated subjects the eterbase board and its subsidiaries. aml/kyc policy eterbase anti-money laundering (aml) and counter terrorism financing (ctf) policy designed prevent money laundering and terrorism financing meeting the european aml legislation standards including the need have adequate systems and controls place eliminate least mitigate the risk the firm being potentially used facilitate illegal financial activities. internal aml policy will set out the minimum standards which must complied all times. the cornerstone the aml policy will appointment independent counter terrorism financing and money laundering officer (ctfmlo) with strong experience security, compliance and counter terrorism who will have responsibility for oversight compliance with relevant legislation, regulations, rules and via and maintaining risk based approach (rba) towards monitoring and managing the money laundering and terrorist financing risks eterbase ag. secondly, will require enhanced and strict risk-based customer due diligence, identification, verification and know your customer (kyc) procedures, including depth due diligence and continuous monitoring for those customers presenting higher risk will present within the platform. eterbase strictly prohibited from transacting with individuals, companies and countries that are prescribed sanctions lists, the company will therefore screen against united nations, european union, treasury and u.s. office foreign assets control (ofac) sanctions lists all jurisdictions which will might operate. disclaimer this white paper strictly provided eterbase ag, ("eterbase," "company," the "project"), for informational purposes only, and therefore does not constitute offer solicitation buy sell any securities any other financial instruments its derivatives. the eterbase membership token (xbase) semi-consumptive use product permitting access the services and benefits provided the eterbase platform, detailed the white paper. membership not intended and not suitable for any kind speculation and affords the holder rights in, any form claim to, any the assets eterbase any way share any potential profits that eterbase may achieve. this paper describes only the current vision for the eterbase project. while eterbase intends attempt realize this future vision, please recognize that dependent many factors and subject substantial legal, regulatory, and technical risks. entirely possible that the eterbase vision will never implemented, that only portion our vision will materialize. eterbase and its founders, therefore, not guarantee, represent warrant any the statements this white paper, because they are based purely our current expectations and assumptions, about which there can assurance due various anticipated and unanticipated events that may occur. the xbase token purely functional utility smart contract bound services and benefits provided only eterbase and its subsidiaries. the future, eterbase membership and xbase tokens might have value zero. any proceeds from xbase token distribution events may spent freely eterbase absent any conditions whatsoever. eterbase membership only intended for professionals and experts blockchain-based software trading systems. until regulations pertaining security tokens are defined, eterbase exchange platform will not list any asset-backed security-based tokens. this white paper subject change. glossary terms the glossary presents abbreviations and acronyms used the whitepaper. xbase the eterbase membership token (xbase) represents different levels access the eterbase exchange platform. although xbase tokens might tradable, they are not investment, currency, security, commodity, swap currency, any other kind financial instrument. eea the european economic area (eea) unites the member states and the three eea efta states (iceland, liechtenstein, and norway) into internal market governed the same basic rules. efta the european free trade association (efta) regional trade organization and free trade area consisting four european states: iceland, liechtenstein, norway, and switzerland. emi article the ecb directive defines "electronic money institution" legal person that has been granted authorization issue electronic money (e-money.) emoney can best described digital form fiat. aktiengesellschaft (ag) german word for corporation limited share ownership (i.e., one that owned its shareholders) and may offered the general public and traded public stock exchange. aml anti-money laundering (aml) term used the financial industry describe set procedures, laws, and regulations designed stop the practice illegal economic activity. kyc know your customer (kyc) the process that takes place verify client's identity. kyc mandatory requirement aml regulations. sepa sepa (or the single euro payments area) common standard for cross-border bank transfers denominated euro. fatf the financial action task force (fatf) intergovernmental organization launched initiative the promote policies that combat money laundering and terrorist financing. gdpr the general data protection regulation (gdpr) new regulation concerning the protection and privacy personal data that belongs citizens within the european union. dpo data protection officer (dpo) security leadership within corporation that helps facilitate the compliance required the general data protection regulation (gdpr). emd the e-money directive (emd) sets out the rules for the business practices and supervision e-money institutions (//ec, originally //ec). fma the financial market authority (fma) the primary financial regulatory authority the principality liechtenstein. roadmap eterbase established liechtenstein token pre-listing event ico launch crypto crypto exchange financial institution licensing: fiat integration credit cards persona iban accounts implementation phases eterbase will deploy its products two phases: crypto-to-crypto ii. crypto-to-fiat subject necessary licensing the entire functionality the xbase token will only applicable crypto-tocrypto platform and will not constitute any form electronic money claim against eterbase ag. resources https://news.crunchbase.com/news/s-ico-market-grew-nearly-x-q-q/ https://www.theregister.co.uk////bitcoin_price_soars_amid_technical_troubles_for_exchanges/ https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/--/bitcoin-exchange-sees-complaintssoar-as-users-demand-money http://www.businessinsider.com/crypto-exchanges-are-shutting-out-new-users-becausethey-cant-keep-up-with-demand-- https://www.coindesk.com/cryptos-go-green-as-market-cap-holds-above--billion/ https://www.coindesk.com/high-frequency-trading-on-the-coinbase-exchange/ http://www.businessinsider.com/coinbase-adds-customer-service-phone-line-support- https://news.bitcoin.com/kraken-ceo-apologizes-for-site-issues-as-bitcoin-exchanges-struggle-to-meet-demand/ http://fortune.com////kraken-bitcoin-exchange-reopens/ https://www.theverge.com/////coinbase-cryptocurrency-bitcoin-ether-unauthorized-charges https://www.reuters.com/investigates/special-report/bitcoin-gox/ http://uk.businessinsider.com/cryptocurrency-exchanges-listing-tokens-cost-fees-ico-- contact details eterbase austrasse vaduz liechtenstein website http://eterbase.com e-mail team@eterbase.com facebook http://facebook.com/eterbase medium htttps://medium.com/eterbase