eternal token xet white paper ver.. atom solutions, co., ltd. jul. th, (c) atom solutions, inc. all rights reserved. xet whitepaper ver.. xet (eternal token) eternal coin (xec), the virtual currency issued atom solutions, japan. please visit the homepage for more details. http://www.atom-solutions.jp/ eternal coin white paper https://www.atom-solutions.jp/whitepaper/whitepaperver..en.pdf xec featured where only tradable authorized exchanges. tradable only authorized exchanges has the following advantages. various currencies different countries included one wallet due its worldwide common wallet feature. (multi currency wallet) traceable even the system being hacked. xec value can divided into smaller fraction. weekly dividend distribution the total transaction fees. payable via currency transfer via phone number however, there disadvantage for user who desire purchase xec the countries without authorized exchange available. therefore, have invented xet mechanism for acquiring xec indirectly countries without xec exchanges. (c) atom solutions, inc. all rights reserved. xet whitepaper ver.. features xet bidirectional trade xet and xec there are million issued units xet which the same amount volume the xec. trade with xec, the xec holder must rst create eternal wallet through authorized xec exchanges. likewise, xec holder can exchange their xec into xet ratio and vice versa. problems virtual currency the problem general virtual currency considered the following points. wrongly transmitted transactions cannot reverted cancelled. once virtual currency exists the public block chain, its cannot changed its specifi cation once started. there party responsible for compensation user's wallet has encountered cyber hacking. there are risks bankruptcy and hacking issues exchanges. tracking back diffi cult when encountered cyber hacking. advantage issuing xet and xec xec virtual currency which provides various conveniences and dividends through eternal wallet. however, there barricade acquiring xec for user who living countries without xec authorized exchanges available. therefore, one the features xet convenient for the users those countries purchasing xec indirectly. also, another merit xet is, can exchanged other virtual currencies being traded various virtual currencies exchanges all over the world. for countries without xec exchanges available, not possible get xec even you open wallet, furthermore, overseas remittance and merchant payment cannot performed will cause advantage holding xec. (note: fiat currency the country without xec authorized exchanged available not tradable.) one the features xec where users can receive dividends via eternal wallet, the disadvantage xec cannot exchanged with other virtual currencies. however, found solution. exchanging xec and xet and vice versa the demerit has been solved. addition, since have corresponding solutions for hacking and wrong (c) atom solutions, inc. all rights reserved. xet whitepaper ver.. transmission issues, for xec users who not have necessity exchange their xec xet, keeping the mentioned xec can benefi them earning extra dividends. the method issuing virtual currencies compatible with xec and xet form new virtual currency that solves the disadvantage general virtual currencies and the disadvantage the eternal coin and its features. about xec and xet trading the exchange between xec and xet will implemented via token hub, philippines. token hub will issue and hold million units xet which similar with eternal coin and operates the exchange. initially, there will xet holder until there user who wants convert xet with xec and that the time where xet started circulate the crypto currency market exchange. example: there are users who exchange xec for xet, the xet traded the market will xet and the xec stored token hub exchange will xec until the amount will exchanged next time. therefore, there will issue such the exchange running out xec xet. addition, the number xec and xet that circulated out the market will never exceed million units based the mechanism above. the history monetary system and the future xec the history money starts with barter, then replaced shells and stones, metal made money, convertible banknotes (banknotes that exchangeable for gold), and paper money issued and the credit supported central bank until the present. the development virtual currency same with history monetary, predictably that xec will need supported credit coming future. similar the value the paper money supported central bank and government, xet value can said that supported xec. strive achieve our goals making eternal wallet the most useful wallet the world via different activities order increase the value xec. (c) atom solutions, inc. all rights reserved. xet whitepaper ver.. notes xet cannot stored eternal wallet, requires external wallet such as" ether wallet"t store the coin. dot (dividends distribution function), one the features xec function eternal wallet. holding xet not applicable the dividends distribution. xec value division function will implemented when its value increased certain amount. during the time, xet not applicable the function. also, when the value division function implemented, the exchange ratio between xec and xet will different, but rest assured there will affect xec xet holders. xec user guaranteed and protected from cyber hacking, system bug and larceny incidents its authorized exchanges structure and eternal wallet mechanism. however, xet which can traded over the world not subject the mentioned guarantee and protection. since xet tradable global exchanges, there are possibilities where will affected certain issues such bankruptcy the exchanges and cyber hacking. therefore, recommended store the xet the cold wallet. compensation xet not applicable atom solutions, xec authorized exchanges various countries and token hub. xet overview name the coin: eternal token ticker (symbol): xet proof type: proof work algorithm: ethash total supply: pieces average blocktime: seconds exchange url: idax https://www.idax.mn/ h&b https://www.hnb-ex.com/ github: https://github.com/atom-solutions bitcoin forum: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. xec issuer: http://www.atom-solutions.jp/ xet issuer: https://tokenhub.asia/ (c) atom solutions, inc. all rights reserved. xet whitepaper ver.. eternal coin authorized exchanges japan exchange: https://eternallive.jp/top/ korea exchange: http://www.eternalkorea.com/?ckattempt= hong kong exchange: https://eternalhongkong.com/ philippines exchange: https://tokenhub.asia/ (c) atom solutions, inc. all rights reserved.