ethbet whitepaper version copyright (c) ethbet. all rights reserved. table contents abstract............................................................................................................................................. gambling without house edge..................................................................................................... provable fairness.............................................................................................................................. the optional player-defined house edge....................................................................................... market potential................................................................................................................................ profit model...................................................................................................................................... ethbet tokens (ebet)...................................................................................................................... crowdsale......................................................................................................................................... project architecture........................................................................................................................ off-chain matchmaking.................................................................................................................. the ethbet protocol........................................................................................................................ development timeline.................................................................................................................... timeline.......................................................................................................................................... future possibilities......................................................................................................................... similar projects............................................................................................................................... disclaimer....................................................................................................................................... more information............................................................................................................................ abstract ethbet decentralized, peer-to-peer, and provably-fair ethereum-based dicing game without mandatory house edge. ethbet able offer bets without house edge because players bet directly against other players instead against centralized house. the disadvantage this that order place bet, there must another party willing place the same bet. for this reason possible that player must wait for their desired bet take place, especially very large. combat this, additional feature optional player-defined house edge added, allowing players offer and take ('call') bets with any house edge that they desire. thus, player that prioritizes speed over their expected return can agree bet that gives him slight disadvantage (i.e., bet that gives his opponent small house edge). similarly, player that patient and prioritizes their expected return can offer bets that the formerly mentioned player may choose call. this results model where players are effectively able become their own casinos, allowing market forces provide players with bets quickly possible the best possible rates. the ethbet protocol features efficient off-chain matchmaking relay order allow players quickly and cheaply communicate their intent. the protocol can also extended support betting using any ethereum-based (erc) token and for use with other games. gambling without house edge house edge statistical bias favor the house, that the house has slight advantage every bet. house edges various games found physical casinos often range from with some games having low house edge (such craps) and other games having higher house edge (such slot machines). with the advent online gambling using cryptocurrencies, various websites offer players relatively lower house edges, such although sounds like low house edge, one must keep mind that this house edge applied every individual bet. thus, player only places one bet, they are expected lose it, average. but it's likely that most players will want bet more than just once. player places bets, they are expected lose each those bets, making increasingly difficult for the player turn profit, inevitably leading gambler's ruin (the player running out funds). this how dice sites are able consistently generate steady streams profit for their owners and investors they slowly but surely make sure that the more people play, the more likely they are lose all their money the house. betting without house edge saves players much more than trivial amount. because player's expected loss can zero for every bet they make, they can now make hundreds thousands bets without statistically being likely lose more and more their money over time. with house edge player's probability gaining capital equal their probability losing they are longer making inherently irrational decision with negative expected gain. provable fairness most modern cryptocurrency dicing sites offer provably-fair betting. this done having client seed and server seed. the client seed picked the client, often generated randomly default. the server seed picked the server. the server then hashes its server seed using secure cryptographic hash function (such sha sha function) and provides the hash the client before their roll. then the client submits their client seed and bet information the server, and the server combines both seeds, using public algorithm generate random number. after the roll has been made, the client able view the server seed that was used, and can confirm that the server did not modify the client seed the server seed, and therefore also the result the roll. this results roll that mathematically impossible bias otherwise predict either party, given basic assumptions including that the client does not use predictable seed, and that the hash function used secure. although this model provable fairness suitable for client-server model, cannot performed smart contract, the blockchain public information and fully-unbiased source entropy exists. most solutions put fourth securely generate random number the ethereum blockchain pose significant downsides, there are too many actors that are able influence the blockchain when money stake. for example, the hash the next ethereum block was used source randomness, then miner can choose modify block before they publish it, can decide against publishing block altogether, depending favorable them. given that there have already been notable instances miners acting selfishly way that hurts other users, this not acceptable solution. randao attempts solve the problem untrustable miners effectively crowd-sourcing entropy. anyone who wants participate randao may contribute its pool entropy, and incentivized they are paid small reward, which randao turn collects from those that call its contract. would take every participant collude with one another order manipulate the result. unfortunately takes wait time several blocks for randao statistically confident that miner has not manipulated its pool entropy. randao also limited the amount entropy that can provide per unit time, and potentially per unit ether. similar algorithm called the signidice algorithm being used early versions dao.casino, blockchain protocol designed for provably-fair gambling. although sound from statistical and gametheoretic point view, this algorithm computationally expensive, relatively complex, and has been used less frequently production settings. this rng method best implemented separate smart contract that has large amount participants that are unable collude among each other. due the complexity and amount risks involved with this algorithm, have chosen not adopt it. one solution which used etheroll and others use oraclize and random.org generate random number. oraclize service that fetches external (outside the blockchain) data for use the blockchain. oraclize makes call random.org, returning the integer roll from random.org, the associated with it, and tlsnotary proof, showing that oraclize did not modify the result. the associated with the bet (returned from random.org) supplied well, can shown that oraclize only made one call random.org for every call was requested make. this solution has two downsides, the first being that introduces liability depending oraclize, which not desired. the second that random.org must trusted provide secure random number. this solution currently implemented least one decentralized dicing game due the lack appealing and efficient alternatives. performing statistical analysis the results that have been returned from oraclize via random.org, appears that this solution has thus far succeeded (with high probability) its goal providing source entropy that unbiased. although the previously mentioned issue miner choosing not publish block would result rng output that detrimental them reoccurs this scenario (with oraclize instead the miner, however), single instance this occurring could detected there would gap the integer ids returned from random.org. if, hypothetically, oraclize attempted game this system, could only done once before ceases work (as they would longer trusted afterwards). additional solution currently being tested oraclize. this solution involves hardware random data source that integrated with the ethereum network. the random bytes generated the data source are periodically published onto the ethereum network along with proof that they have not been modified. although fully functional, currently only available the testnet. when available the mainnet, this will likely become the best option use for ethbet's source randomness. until that period, the aforementioned solution that has additional liability random.org scheduled used for ethbet. the optional player-defined house edge placing bets with house edge does not come without disadvantage, i.e., bet can only take place there are two parties that wish make it. bets are significantly more advantageous for players when made with (or otherwise negligible) house edge, network effects may cause the majority players use ethbet, will more profitable than other betting alternatives. even with this, however, may possible that players are not content with the amount time they have wait between bets, especially for larger bets, which fewer players are willing call. solve this problem, optional feature added: allow players offer and call bets with player-defined house edge. with the ability for players offer and call bets with arbitrary player-defined house edge, the problem large wait times for bets can now solved with negligible downsides. players are effectively able become their own casinos within ethbet, setting their own house edge. every player that offers bets competing against other players have their bets taken, they are incentivized set their house edge low possible. for example, player wants make very large bet, they may incentivized offer house edge whoever calls the bet, that they not have wait too long for someone bet against them. this player decides prioritize speed over their proportional expected gain. similarly, player has large amount eth and wishes make profit over time with (with high variable probability), they can offer bets with small house edge their favor, making easier for others play the game while giving them small profit over time for their service. this player providing 'bet liquidity' ethbet acting their own casino, and return rewarded with house edge their favor. market potential the global online gambling market estimated worth over billion usd the end and forecast grow around for years come. with the advent cryptocurrencies, allowing players gamble with ease and with lower house edge than previous options, cryptocurrency gambling has already garnered significant proportion this market potential. estimate suggests that all bitcoin transactions were related gambling one point. although previously dominated bitcoin, ethereum has become major player within the cryptocurrency world, offering significantly more features well shorter block time and lower transaction fees. ethereum gains more users benefits from network effects, which are currently leading many users invest and use ethereum over bitcoin, leading its market cap increase billion usd june, although already possible gamble using ethereum, even via smart contract, players are still faced against house more, which significantly detrimental even casual players, mentioned above. given that ethbet will able provide the most competitive house edge that the market allows for, there strong possibility that will acquire significant proportion the cryptocurrency gambling market share, there reason for user gamble against house edge higher when they can instead gamble with house edges significantly lower, possibly zero. ethbet can allow users bet any amount that technically possible, using any house edge that they desire, potentially deprecating all other forms gambling for users that wish maximize their expected value. bitcoin dicing sites such primedice and satoshidice (among many others) have reported profits millions dollars, with satoshidice selling for btc which was 'only' million usd the time. ethbet has significant advantages over these platforms, including that decentralized, transparent, peer-to-peer, uses ether over bitcoin, and, crucially, provides the lowest possible house edge. for the aforementioned reasons, the market potential platform such ethbet extremely large. profit model the profit model ethbet has several aspects which cause ethbet tokens appreciate value: the ethbet smart contract will take small portion the house edge that offered players. this only occurs for bets with nonzero house edge. example, suppose that player offers bet eth with house edge their favor. this player's expected gain would normally eth. the ethbet smart contract were take cut their expected gain, this would change their expected gain eth. thus the player would win total eth instead eth, decreasing their profit slightly less than .%, less than /th. the portion the house edge that ethbet takes decided token holders. this house edge can then converted ebet smart contract that the value ebet tokens increases. this could done via external protocol such ethbet smart contract. addition this, it's possible for ethbet charge small fee top bets. because ethbet not the house and instead matchmaking platform, this fee does not need high like other dicing platforms. matter how low this fee is, raw profit for ethbet, ethbet has funds risk during play. this value will able decided token holders. profit from this also converted into ebet tokens, increasing their demand consequence. although token holders can vote these values, they are incentivized not set these values unreasonable, less users would use ethbet, and the value their tokens would decrease. for example, token holders would never vote charge fee higher than alternative dicing platforms offer, the platform would unable compete with them. thus are able leverage wisdom the crowds order effectively optimize the profitability and competitiveness the ethbet platform. ethbet tokens (ebet) for the purposes decentralization, enforcing beneficial market incentives, decentralized governance, further developmental funding, and future endeavors ethbet, ethbet token (ebet) will created top the ethereum network. this will standard erc token, and thus will secure, easy store, use, and trade, wallets and exchanges already have the needed technical infrastructure interface with tokens that implement the erc interface. for the technical details the erc specification, see the eip github. the ethbet token will used currency for the ethbet platform and protocol. order provide incentives run ethbet relays described later this paper, small fee charged for the service matchmaking. this fee dynamic and fluctuates based off the bet liquidity the platform. for example, few users are offering bets, the fee can low even negative, compared higher fee when many users are offering bets. the profit that ethbet smart contracts generate that not ebet can converted ebet having the smart contract purchase it, either via third party smart contract such via ethbet smart contract. this buy-back feature allows the price ebet appreciate the platform becomes more widely used. addition this, possible for token holders vote burn rate that can used ethbet. burn rate would cause the smart contract destroy small portion ebet that are used, causing the currency become deflationary. addition this functionality, token holders are eligible vote ethbet improvement proposals (ethbet ips). ethbet proposed change ethbet, such modifying the fees that ethbet charges. rather than having single entity decide this proposal, the proposal will voted those who hold ethbet tokens, with their voting weight being linearly proportional the amount tokens that they hold. this way the holders ebet are able optimize ethbet the direction that they see most desirable. crowdsale those wishing invest ethbet via purchasing ethbet tokens will have the opportunity via the ethbet crowdsale. the funds received from the crowdsale fund the further development ethbet, including third-party contract security audits and further web/application development. the crowdsale will last for weeks and set begin september th, utc. all information relevant the crowdsale available the below table. ethbet description ethbet decentralized and peer-to-peer dicing platform with the lowest possible house edge token description ethbet tokens are used currency for the ethbet protocol and give their holders the ability vote proposals improve and drive ethbet forward ticker symbol ebet start date september th, utc duration weeks base token price ebet eth early investor bonuses first day: +%, first week: +%, second week: +%, third week: +%, final week: percentage all tokens offered via crowdsale bounty, partners, ethbet) total possible token supply founders' tokens locked post-crowdsale? yes. locked for months. investor tokens will never locked. excess tokens deleted? yes. additional tokens ever created token type erc--compliant the intended funding allocation from the proceeds the crowdsale will depend largely the amount tokens purchased. with low amount funding, the project will able fully fund necessary operations such smart contract development, user experience development (interfaces interact with the smart contracts, written primarily and html), and security audits all critical infrastructure including smart contracts. with larger amounts funding, more ambitious goals can set. these goals include funding large advertisement campaigns promote ethbet, decreasing the barrier entry for ethbet promoting additional efforts towards user experience and ease use, overcoming legal barriers more widespread adoption, and additional projects involving other types gambling and games the blockchain. cannot anticipate how many tokens will sold account for future unknown values, cannot yet provide information showing exactly what proportion funds will allocated which these goals. the maximum possible tokens supply ebet. those, (,,) can purchased during the crowdsale. all these were purchased the first day the crowdsale (+% tokens), that would make the theoretical maximum possible funding eth, ensuring that there possibility the project significantly over-funded. for more information about the crowdsale participate it, visit https://crowdsale.ethbet.io/ project architecture the structure the ethbet code intended highly modularized, clean, and secure, with the full project functionality being split into several smart contracts based off the principles high cohesion and low coupling (where applicable). the contract for the crowdsale separate from the contract for the token, the contract for the game, and others. all contracts will audited and tested extensively, ensuring that best practices are followed and major bugs exist. the first implementation the ethbet dice game will relatively lightweight and intended fully-functioning proof concept. there are only three types calls that can made into the game contract: place_bet, call_bet, and cancel_bet (that the player previously placed, but that has not been called another player). bet composed several variables: the bet id, the address the player placing calling, the bet amount, and the house edge. the ability decide the probability winning given bet (such the ability user set the 'roll under' 'role over' values before their roll) will not available the initial version ethbet. instead, the win and loss chance will set static value this done for several reasons: the original implementation should lightweight possible encourage small codebase and fewer potential bugs. the user experience should smooth and simple possible, decrease the overhead involved when users use the ethbet platform. the market will likely have easier time providing all types players with desirable selection available bets all bets have the same risk/reward ratio. users are still able manage their risk profile arbitrary fashion; they must instead make several bets with potentially differing amounts they desire certain ratio risk reward. practice this causes the risk and reward ratio equivalent one found variableprobability bet. with that said, there reason why this feature cannot implemented some manner the token holders are favor it. off-chain matchmaking when information stored the blockchain, fee must paid (referred gas) order provide incentive for miners include the information the blocks that they mine. the more information that one wishes store the blockchain, the higher the fees will be. the blockchain immutable and must stored all full nodes, storing information the blockchain generally costly transaction, and should avoided possible. the blockchain secure and decentralized, but the cost extreme redundancy. for this reason, the blockchain only needed when desire secure, decentralized, and immutable environment. offering and canceling bets the blockchain highly inefficient: player wishes offer many bets and then cancel them, they will pay high gas fees have that information stored the blockchain forever, even the bets are never actually executed. solution this match bets off the blockchain, and then have players confirm and execute their bets submitting them via smart contract. this common system used decentralized exchanges that every order placement and cancellation does not need stored the blockchain, and instead the blockchain only used where its advantages security and immutability are highly relevant, i.e. for the actual transaction. one example off-chain matchmaking system used the decentralized exchange protocol where anyone able set 'relay' that allows for efficient communication intent between exchange users. users are incentivized set honest relays through fee structure that allows them profit off providing this valuable service. another example the decentralized exchange known etherdelta, which hosts their own service that allows for this. system similar this can implemented within ethbet: can have service that acts relay and functions separate from the blockchain which allows users signal their intent. after match can found between the intent two users, both users can submit their bet smart contract, which ensures that their bet executed fairly and securely. this matchmaking service can hosted anyone the code will open-source. official version the service will provided even though there obligation use use matchmaking service all. this system offers significant number improvements over more naive implementation which all information exchanged only via the blockchain. aside from the significant reduction fees for users, allows bets communicated significantly more quickly and makes much easier for users cancel their bets safely. instead placing and canceling bet broadcasting and storing two pieces information the blockchain, bet can placed and canceled instantly and with zero fees signaling intent and then revoking this intent afterwards. the ethbet protocol the ethbet protocol description what information users need relay each other order signal their intent bet assets. this protocol open, meaning that can implemented and executed any actor. there need use specific website, browser, even medium communication, the information can exchanged via any method including email, forum post, physical message. addition this, the protocol extendable that can modified for use with not just ether, but also with any erc token the ethereum blockchain. this would allow users not only bet with each other using ether, but also any other ethereum-based token. the original version and deployment the ethbet protocol will focus ether, leaving the option arbitrary erc token support for later period. the ethbet protocol closely mirrors the protocol outlined the whitepaper, the ethbet protocol has almost the same goal's x's: intends allow users exchange tokens with each other, while ethbet intends allow users bet tokens with each other. the following example demonstrates scenario two users using the ethbet protocol make bet with each other. this example 'maker' the user that offers bet and 'caller' the user that accepts that offer: maker approves the ethbet contract access their balance that they intend wager maker creates offer bet their balance, specifying their desired amount, edge and bet expiration time, then signs this offer with their private key, proving both their their ownership and intent maker broadcasts their bet via any medium. theoretically the best place broadcast bet will ethbet relay, but there reason why cannot posted forum sent via email, only string (text) caller reads the bet offer from maker and decides they would like call caller approves the ethbet contract access their balance well caller submits the maker's signed order the contract the ethbet contract authenticates maker's signature, verifies that the bet has not expired and that the bet has not already been called the ethbet contract executes the bet and transfers the bet amount between the two parties based off the outcome. the primary method communication with the ethbet protocol intended via relays, outlined the previous section. the full protocol description ethbet not yet finalized, but the information and format will relatively standard, containing the parameters bet (amount, edge, expiration, and later on, asset type), well the necessary information secure it, including cryptographic hash function like sha and ecdsa signature from the private key the participants. development timeline the time the crowdsale, the ethbet token and ethbet crowdsale contracts will deployed the mainnet and fully functional, necessary for the crowdsale occur. the code these smart contracts relatively standard and lightweight implementation the erc standard, and the possibility for critical bugs small comparison that more complex and novel contracts, such the primary ethbet game contract. significant problem occurs that recoverable, the necessary steps will taken remedy the situation. for example, there was somehow critical flaw the token contract, allowing someone steal all ethbet tokens, could fix the problem, deploy the new token contract (with the problem fixed), and restore the balances all users, migrating the entire platform the newer version the token, similar what happened with ethereum and the dao. issue like this very unlikely occur unless caused problem within ethereum itself, the ethbet token nearly isomorphic most ethereum (erc) tokens, critical problem with one could indicate the same problem with many others. after the crowdsale complete, ethbet tokens will become unfrozen and can then sent other users. this time the development the primary game contract will proceed. this relatively lengthy process despite the simplicity the game architecture. the general timeline follows: develop primary contract functionality and tests extensively test and audit the contract for potential flaws deploy the contract onto the testnet allow users interact with the contract during beta period continue improve the contract needed perform final third-party security audit(s) deploy the contract onto the mainnet continue improve non-contract code, such improving accessibility and user interfaces, only updating the contract fix critical issues later implement new features. addition this, there's other developmental overhead, such the off-blockchain relay and various user-interfaces required interact with ethbet user-friendly fashion. order make interaction with the smart contract user-friendly and simple, users will able interact with via the mist browser, giving them experience similar traditional websites, but while still interfacing only with smart contracts for their betting. timeline market research, feasibility assessment, other planning- completed website and whitepaper completed crowdsale, live demo, development, and community building progress continuation development and other improvements, alpha/beta launches full launch, playerbase building, community growth, further improvements needed additional features, projects, games, advertising, and community building future possibilities ethereum matures technology, will allow decentralized applications such ethbet run more efficiently. improvements other technologies such web browsers (mist and the metamask extension) also help further ethbet's goals. ethbet progresses project, there will opportunities for more features added. examples include more feature-rich implementation dicing, other games such lotteries card games, the possibility bet arbitrary erc tokens, and more advances gas/time efficiency, such the use state channels. the inclusion these features depends the success the ethbet crowdsale well the opinions (votes) the ethbet token holders. addition this, many opportunities for lowering gas costs and increasing the quality provable fairness will exist more research and projects are performed these areas. similar projects the size the blockchain and ethereum ecosystems has grown considerably over the last few years, number projects with goals similar ethbet's have emerged. although some these projects are similar nature, they either have different goals are lacking some the features ethbet. some these projects are summarized below, with emphasis why they are different from ethbet. edgeless: edgelesss claims offer betting the ethereum blockchain with house edge, however several notable caveats exist, namely: edgeless claims their unreleased blackjack game will have house edge but this only applies every move and game played player perfect. result, they expect the house profit from this game although edgeless partially decentralized (exists the blockchain), not peer-to-peer edgeless does not support eth, only their own token, edg, thus you must purchase edg first use their platform games such blackjack involve large amounts data stored the blockchain, and thus the fees paid execute the involved smart contracts can high edgeless generates random numbers using their own server off the blockchain publicly readable changes their smart contracts appear have been made for least several months regardless these drawbacks, edgeless may appealing option for those wishing play provably-fair games blackjack the blockchain the near future, however not consider them direct competitor for our target audience. etheroll: etheroll was the first functioning dicing game the ethereum blockchain. similar ethbet, however not peer-to-peer and has house edge for every bet. aside from this, appears successful platform and one the only ethereum projects that already generating revenue for token holders, making good model for future ethereum-based projects follow. dao.casino: dao.casino recently-funded ethereum-based blockchain protocol. not gambling application itself, however intended function framework that allows others create blockchain-based gambling with lower overhead. dao.casino utilizes token called bet, which required for all interactions using its protocol. the goals dao.casino are help casinos move their games onto the blockchain and encourage on-chain game development and participation using its protocol. this differs substantially from the goal ethbet, which provide peer-to-peer dicing the blockchain with house edge. peerplays: among all other projects, peerplays the only one that markets itself based off peer-topeer interaction. critically, peerplays its own currency and blockchain, completely separate from ethereum, and thus the barriers entry are much larger. although peerplays boasts its own technologies and smart contracts separate from the ethereum network, result this not able benefit from the network effects the ethereum ecosystem from the security and reliability the ethereum virtual machine and its associated smart contracts. addition this, there are visible cases dicing without house edge being offered this platform. funfair: funfair another ethereum-based project with the ambitious goal 'delivering next generation gaming anywhere the world', according their technical whitepaper. although funfair's scope includes gambling games, their focus providing variety immersive and graphically extensive games which are 'fun'. quote directly from their technical whitepaper: "we don't want just simple, boring 'pick number' games. (...) they are just not fun. are fun." order interact with games built funfair, one must use funfair's token, fun. funfair uses custom off-chain technology called fate channels which functions manner similar bitcoin's proposed lightning network and attempting secure patents related this technology. funfair claims that their implementation fate channels provably fair, although the server-side code currently not open source and implementation details have not yet been made public, purportedly allow funfair retain competitive advantage over other players the field. although interesting project with ambitious goals, their primary objectives are very different from ours. although some the above projects could considered competitors ethbet, many their stated goals are orthogonal ours, and just different cryptocurrencies serve different purposes and cater different audiences, these projects are able well. for these reasons, believe that the demand for the market niche that ethbet realizes has not yet been met any the above projects. disclaimer there are many risks associated with the ethbet token, just like with ethereum. the entire ethbet project dependent ethereum; critical issue ethereum could prove significantly detrimental fatal ethbet. there guarantee expectation that ethbet tokens purchased will increase value, provide return, will have sufficient adoption and liquidity enable exchange for other assets. there guarantee that blockchain technology and smart contracts, especially those related gambling, will remain legal, unregulated, and usable within your legal jurisdiction, even they presently are. owning ethbet tokens does not constitute share of, equity of, ownership the ethbet platform. united states citizens are not allowed participate the ethbet crowdsale. not participate the ethbet crowdsale you are resident the united states. there are many risks, both known and unknown, that are involved with cryptographic assets, including ethereum and ethbet tokens. these risks include but are not limited critical bugs, security flaws, difficulty scaling, denial service, and the risk new cryptographic breakthroughs. this document does not constitute prospectus any sort, and not initial public offering share/equity offering. the tokens involved with ethbet not any way involve any form ordinary shares ethbet, and dividends are guaranteed ethbet tokens. fiat currency not accepted the ethbet crowdsale. ethereum experimental technology and all possible future risks cannot enumerated here. ethbet not responsible for any losses that may occur. please exercise caution with all cryptographic assets and not invest money that you cannot afford lose. more information for more information about ethbet, you have any questions, please visit the ethbet website https://ethbet.io/ send email team@ethbet.io. https://github.com/randao/randao https://blog.ethereum.org////on-anti-pre-revelation-games/ https://github.com/gluk/misc/blob/master/rngethereum/signidice.md https://github.com/daocasino http://crowdfund.etheroll.com/etheroll-whitepaper.pdf http://www.oraclize.it/#services https://random.org/ http://docs.oraclize.it/#security-deep-dive-authenticity-proofs-tlsnotary-proof https://blog.oraclize.it/the-random-datasource-chapter--ef https://www.statista.com/statistics//market-volume-of-online-gaming-worldwide/ http://www.businesswire.com/news/home//en/global-online-gambling-market-worth-usd-. http://lsvp.com////at-least-half-of-all-bitcoin-transactions-are-for-online-gambling/ https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ethereum/ https://etheroll.com/ and other forks http://www.coindesk.com/bitcoin-company-acquisitions-begin-gambling-site-satoshidice-sells-for--m--btc/ https://github.com/ethereum/eips/issues/ for example, instead user making bet with win chance and payout, the user can make bets with win chance and payout each, resulting the same risk reward ratio. the equivalent can done for those who wish risk smaller amounts, they are able make bets small feasible, dictated network and gas fees and their preferences. https://xproject.com/ https://etherdelta.github.io/ https://xproject.com/pdfs/x_white_paper.pdf https://medium.com/edgeless/ultimate-edgeless-faq-aeaa https://github.com/edgelesscasino/smart-contracts https://www.peerplays.com/docs/peerplays_whitepaper.pdf https://funfair.io/ https://funfair.io/wp-content/uploads///funfair-technical-white-paper.pdf https://lightning.network/ https://ethbet.io/