introduction cryptocurrency, specifically blockchain, has been proven groundbreaking technology society today, yet still the early stages adoption. consequently, many new cryptocurrency concepts are being marketed bridge the gap between technical complexity and usability blockchain. the potential this growing market along with increasing acceptance cryptocurrencies makes new projects extremely appealing for start-ups and investors alike. the market for cryptocurrencies not fully realized. simply trading cryptocurrency can burden for many potential users due security concerns and identity verification difficulties. having easy-to-use, secure cryptocurrency technology that integrates exchange between fiat and cryptocurrency, credit card capability, and cold, secure storage user funds while providing novice users techniques improve their skills the future safe trading and exchange assets. providing users with return gross profits serves additional enticement. are ethbits with successful trading platform www.ethbits.com and are presenting opportunity for investors participate token crowdsale for our new social trading platform itrade. meet ethbits easy-to-use, secure cryptocurrency with future-minded organization that's where ethbits comes into play, trustworthy and secure alternative exchange that allows users easily convert fiat into any cryptocurrency. buy sell your favorite cryptocurrency just few clicks with peace mind, knowing that your funds are safe and you are dealing with trustworthy organization. with ethbits, security and access are the new reality and will become the standard because ethbits believe that everyone, everywhere should have access crypto currencies. having solid and strong foundation drives our strategy and that why our first launch will cover crypto fiat conversions for citizens all over europe. greece, slovenia, germany finland, users will able convert their cryptocurrency their local fiat. ethbits whitepaper www.ethbits.com march what are ethbits goals? ethbits, are young and innovative company and seek not only usability, but also hold the intrinsic standards cryptocurrencies high regard the principles anonymity and decentralization. aim minimize bureaucracy and build easy-to-use, fool-proof platform for the masses. specifically, our goals are: offer exchanges between major fiat currencies and variety cryptocurrencies with large and active community. offer new way trade, copying expert traders' movements. offer physical goods exchange where users can exchange their goods fast and secure manner. addition creating safe platform buy and sell cryptocurrencies, have implemented several unique selling points which enable approach and attract wider audience. ethbits financial company constantly seeking new technology the market and adapting our future goals accordingly. what are ethbits objectives? currently our powerful platform enables selling and buying cryptocurrencies using bank transfers, and will soon make selling and buying easy process all over europe. ethbits ensures the security users' funds via cold storage, and has very strict rules when selecting sellers, providing buyers with the confidence they want. during the first phase the rollout, ethbits integrated with the existing platform ethereum, which has been proven reliable and stable base. plan evaluate migrating the codebase the waves platform once the waves platform mature. believe that ethbits can benefit from the many features waves can offer. our ultimate objective create exchange for the people owned the people which also provides profit the people; because believe our profit our investors profit too. ethbits whitepaper www.ethbits.com march what are ethbits innovations? features new the crypto-world make our platform unique. ethbits are targeting professionals and newcomers alike. customer security extremely important us, and why integrated our platform with trezor. our unique features include: pool trading integrate with leading cryptocurrencies, and using trading forces major profits can obtained trading the volatile cryptocurrency market. cold and secure storage user funds alleviate the worry hacking attempts with the use cold and secure storage. use your trezor device access and store your money securely, using two-factor authentication and other security verification methods. catering inexperienced users our system allows inexperienced traders copy the movements those who are much more experienced. new traders can benefit from the expertise and knowledge experienced market gamers. for users with time research trading, there will the option auto trade. auto trade feature that automatically follows the top traders based their historical well present performance level. auto trade the safest way trading and will implemented the ethbits investment fund. ethbits investment fund will provide completely managed investment fund, based the leading cryptocurrencies. users can choose invest without the hassle knowing when buy sell! will base this the top five currencies users just decide how much invest and for how long. advantages for traders traders who work our platform have the opportunity earning percentage their follower's profit and obtain power-ups gain certain privileges, such reduced fees. credit card integration major feature ethbits local direct integration with the new mycelium card, which enables our users spend their cryptocurrency easily and safely. the mycelium card blockchain-based card and mobile wallet for payment management. additional information the mycelium card can found at: https://card.mycelium.com/. ethbits whitepaper www.ethbits.com march provably fair profit sharing ethbits shares its profits the etb token holders. although ethbits service needs have some centralized elements when it's launched, strive for decentralization and minimizing the need trust. all ethbits trades are publicly reported. this standard practice for the contemporary cryptocurrency exchanges and also requirement for all regulated exchanges. ethbits takes this one step further; trade data will uploaded swarm[] peer-to-peer storage ensuring the data availability even the service itself goes down some day. verify the trade data integrity the users can check that trades they make appear the published trade data. furthermore, the completed trades get sequential trade that ensures there are gaps the trade data. the dividends are paid out quarterly. based the published trade data, ethbits loads the eth amount dividend payout into smart contract. the smart contract contains table token holders taken snapshot the dividends declaration date. the token holders then proceed call the smart contract function pay dividends() from the wallet where they held the tokens the time snapshot. the smart contract then will proceed pay the dividends the wallet that made the claim. the snapshot the token holders not match the dividends payout amounts the dividends smart contract refuse pay out any dividends. this way, either all dividends get paid out fairly the token holders none dividends are paid out. ethbits researches real time dividend payouts micro transactions. however, the writing this, ethereum network does not yet scale such small, high volume, transactions. this will become option when ethereum network receives sharing[] and lighting network capabilities[]. https://github.com/ethersphere/swarm https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/sharding-faq https://github.com/raiden-network/raiden ethbits whitepaper www.ethbits.com march why ethbits launching token crowdsale for itrade? although have seven important shareholders, want offer opportunity everyone become involved the early stages this exciting project, creating opportunity profit and being part revolutionary movement. exchanges work because people use them buy and sell their assets. big traders (whales) have access premium trading fees, but exchange has model with cash-back option. this what makes ethbits unique the more you use our exchange platform, the more profit made, which means more profit back the users. ethbits itrade the next step our development and will allow new users with all the information needed decide whom follow, including full profile outlining profit and loss different time frames and historical graphs performance. users can choose notified every time they copy trade and can check the overall profit ratio for certain period. features itrade include: pool trading cryptocurrencies and fiat. ability use virtual cryptocurrency gain experience and understanding trading. full history each trader (optional for traders). ability automatically follow five traders. full range professional analysis tools and trading tools. multiple levels the user interface simple, intermediate and professional. token rewards for high volume traders. token rewards for new sign-ups. ethbits itrade taking local bitcoins the next level making easy buy cryptocurrency world-wide. with full history user trading, decisions are easy, even for novice users. with few clicks, users can copy the trades experienced traders. users can earn rewards for large volume trading and bringing new users the platform. achieve that objective, developed token approach: ethbits tokens. ethbits whitepaper www.ethbits.com march what are tokens? how will the ethbits itrade token crowdsale work? the ethbit token type currency used pay fees the ethbits local platform (for example buy/sell bitcoin, ether and other cryptocurrencies). ethbit tokens can also used distribute dividends investors. you hold ethbits tokens, you hold portion our platform, and holding portion our platform you are entitled your share distribution the platform's profit. the dividends will paid quarterly basis total mill tokens will sold and maximum mill tokens will ever existence. the final number ethbits created will determined how many tokens are sold the token crowdsale: mill tokens will sold during the crowdsale and all unsold will burned tokens sold will used drive the platform ethbits itrade the tokens will the core team and the remaining will used for marketing and pr. it's easy get started using ethereum smart contract and ether. receive ethbit tokens from our four tiers rolling out over four-week period https://ico.ethbits.com: week tier eth per etb week tier eth per etb week tier eth per etb week tier eth per etb dividends are paid quarterly starting three months after the token crowdsale. note that unsold tokens will not considered the distribution the gross profit. the minimum investment needed raised the token crowdsale ether. are expecting that most the investment will allocated development the core team, well local legislative compliance activities. note that unsold tokens will not considered the distribution the gross profit. the minimum investment needed raised the token crowdsale ether. are expecting that most the investment will allocated development the core team, well local legislative compliance activities. ethbits whitepaper www.ethbits.com march amount raised profit share the amount gross profit ethbits will share dependent how much raised during the crowdsale. for every ether raised ethbits will share the gross profit. amount raised (ether) ethbits whitepaper profit (gross) share www.ethbits.com march what the future for ethbits? the next two years will busy. are launching the token crowdsale this winter, followed expansion into other areas the world. gradually will increase the functionality ethbits into when expect implement full launch the ethbits investment fund. winter token crowdsale, launch ethbits europe spring launch ethbits india, usa and australia summer closed pool beta testing and token issuance fall open beta testing and integration with mycelium card winter open beta ethbits token with mycelium card spring open beta summer full launch ethbits fall launch ethbits investment fund conclusion ethbits whitepaper www.ethbits.com march cryptocurrencies will change the world and ethbits wants there when happens offering innovative and secure platform allow the world safely trade and exchange assets. bitcoins are gaining legitimacy and with increasing numbers companies like reddit, wordpress, baidu, and small businesses (like pizza chains) accepting bitcoin payments, it's the start financial revolution. binary trading and forex brokers have begun allowing trades with bitcoins. bitcoin the pioneer the new cryptocurrency era, but the diverse cryptocurrency scene, fails convince the masses. the one and only intermediary, ethbits will guide and eventually the technology that gives both experienced and novice users peek into the future currency. with this token crowdsale offer you new business model, which our vision bound succeed. join this financial revolution! ethbits whitepaper www.ethbits.com march