into the ether with ethereum classic the store-of-value commodity power the internet things. www.grayscale.co into the ether with ethereum classic the store-of-value commodity power the internet things (c) grayscale investments, llc matthew beck, cfa march this next wave the digital revolution, digital currencies have emerged what many believe the greatest innovation since the advent the internet. for the first time history, value can sent anywhere the world the same speed information secure and trustless way. however, digital currencies are more than just payment facilitators. they offer alternative the economic, political, and social systems run handful large institutions. powered millions peers within globally distributed networks, digital currencies are democratizing information and value incredible new ways. believe future multiple digital assets, each with unique comparative advantages that enable them play distinct roles driving economic growth and diversifying investment portfolios. light this view, our team has been increasingly focused the investment potential ethereum classic and its associated digital token, etc. ethereum classic next generation blockchain platform for new internet infrastructure one that can dramatically enhance the ways that information and value are shared the digital economy, unlocking trillions dollars untapped economic surplus the process. featuring flexible and intuitive smart contract programming platform that powered etc, believe ethereum classic may one day the substrate for global, secure, and decentralized internet things (iot). individuals and commercial enterprises begin appreciate the ways that ethereum classic can radically improve the quality our lives, etc may become more valuable scarce commodity that powers this new digital economy. this paper, explore: the origins ethereum ethereum classic the relative investability ether classic (etc) vs. ether (eth) the investment opportunity that etc presents store-of-value commodity that can power the iot how strategic allocation etc can improve the efficiency investor portfolios throughout this paper, will evaluate the investment opportunity presented etc using similar framework the one used for bitcoin our previous study, bitcoin the rise digital gold. source: mckinsey global institute: the internet things: mapping the value beyond the hype, june intended solely for u.s. investors. please review important disclosures other information the end this presentation. the origins ethereum ethereum classic (c) grayscale investments, llc late programmer and co-founder bitcoin magazine, vitalik buterin, published white paper detailing innovative digital currency-powered technology platform known ethereum. early adopter bitcoin, vitalik developed the view that digital token and its associated blockchain could facilitate much more than just peer-to-peer electronic value transfer. pursuit this grander vision, set out create computationally complete virtual ecosystem, featuring global blockchain and "smart contract" programming platform. both would powered native digital asset, known ether (eth). integrating programming capabilities directly into the ethereum protocol, developers all over the world would able design new class decentralized applications hosted public blockchain. through the use smart contracts, applications built ethereum could automate the transmission information and value between one another under dynamic conditions, enabling tailored business models for the internet things and machine-payable web. many ways, ethereum was designed the next iteration operating systems like apple ios microsoft windows, embedded with the enhanced capabilities blockchain technology. ethereum was built the same fundamental principles bitcoin; namely, that blockchain protocol should decentralized and its transaction ledger, immutable. this day, many the cryptocurrency community strongly believe that these principles are critical for the organic growth and economical sustainability distributed blockchain systems. july th, less than two years after the original white paper was published, vitalik and nonprofit foundation launched ethereum. the dao and the death principles with the promise more secure and scalable internet infrastructure came excitement around the novel applications and business models planned built ethereum. the one garnering the most attention was the now defunct decentralized autonomous organization, known "the dao." april blockchain and iot solutions company known slock.it announced the launch the dao ethereum. the dao was designed decentralized crowdfunding model, which anyone could contribute eth tokens become voting member and equity stakeholder the organization. members the dao could then make proposals about different projects pursue and put them vote. committing profitable projects, members would rewarded based the terms smart contract and their proportional interest the dao. may th, million, approximately all eth outstanding, was contributed and invested the dao. source: wikipedia. ethereum, january the machine-payable web component the internet things and concept made possible through the technological innovations digital-currency powered blockchains. the machine-payable web, machines can operate autonomously economic agents, paying other machines for goods and services automatically based computer code. source: slock.it, decentralized autonomous organization automate governance, christoph jentzsch. source: the dao (organization), wikipedia, january intended solely for u.s. investors. please review important disclosures other information the end this presentation. june th, anonymous hacker used exploit the dao smart contract code syphon approximately million worth tokens into segregated account. upon the news the breach, the price eth was quickly cut half, investors liquidated their holdings and members the ethereum community scrambled determine solution. (c) grayscale investments, llc the days that followed, several attempts were made retrieve the stolen funds and secure the ethereum network. however, soon became apparent that direct interference with the protocol (i.e. hard fork) might necessary, sparking heated debate within the ethereum community. the argument for the hard fork was that would create entirely new version the ethereum blockchain, erasing any record the theft, and restoring the stolen funds their original owners. the counterargument was that would antithetical the core principle immutability, thus compromising key driver value for the entire system. the debate raged on, the decision over whether not fork the network was put vote and july th, hard fork specification was implemented the ethereum foundation. worth noting that holders less than the eth circulation voted the matter over narrow -day period, raising questions about whether the decision was truly democratic. july th, the ethereum network completed the hard fork, and new version the blockchain, without recognition the theft, was born. many believed that the original version the ethereum blockchain would dissipate entirely following the hard fork. however, quickly became clear that there were participants who were committed supporting its continuation for philosophical and economic reasons. july th, the original ethereum protocol was rebranded ethereum classic, and its native token etc, preserving the untampered transaction history (including the dao theft) and the foundational principles decentralization and immutability. source: coindesk: the dao attacked: code issue leads, million ether theft, june michael del castillo. http://www.coindesk.com/dao-attacked-codeissue-leads--million-ether-theft/. source: why i'm short ethereum (and long bitcoin) part october tuur demeester. https://medium.com/@tuurdemeester/why-im-short-ethereum-andlong-bitcoin-aeebcfd#.wsyskie. intended solely for u.s. investors. please review important disclosures other information the end this presentation. tale two ethereums today, there remain two versions ethereum, each with nearly identical potential real-world applications, but critical differences their governance, economic, and development structures. believe that ethereum classic and etc offer more attractive long-term investment opportunity versus ethereum and eth self-sustainable system with advantages along three dimensions. protocol governance (c) grayscale investments, llc there growing base quantitative and qualitative research evidencing positive relationship between good governance and the long-term performance traditional assets. believe this concept extends digital currencies and perhaps even more important determining their investability. the world digital currencies, the quality governance system can assessed its principles and design. principles are important because they establish the collective values participants and design important because ensures structure that supports and protects those values. violating the principles decentralization and immutability, the ethereum foundation has undermined the trustless nature the ethereum network, opening the door entirely new risks associated with threats interference. the extreme end the spectrum, there high degree fat tail risk any future intervention could cause participants abandon eth entirely. the contrary, ethereum classic maintains principles that substantially mitigate these risks preserve trustless, open network. from design perspective, the distributed consensus mechanisms employed validate transactions each version ethereum will differ substantially going forward. the ethereum classic community leaning towards sticking proven proof-of-work security model until decisively demonstrated that better model effective. with proof-of-work model, transactions are confirmed using cryptographic algorithms that ensure tokens have not been double-spent. this the same security model that underlies bitcoin, the most successful global blockchain protocol. the contrary, the ethereum foundation intends migrate ethereum from proof-of-work proofof-stake the foreseeable future. with proof-of-stake model, select token holders are chosen and relied upon verify transactions accurately. presupposed that they will because they have "stake" the system and would suffer the consequences falsifying transactions. while this approach makes sense theory, the devil the details. are skeptical about the ability the ethereum foundation's proof-of-stake model, dubbed casper, replicate the security and scalability tested proof-of-work models. are content wait until casper demonstrates that selfsustainable before committing capital eth. furthermore, are concerned the opacity the transition roadmap, including the procedures for testing and vetting. investors would prudent invest digital asset models with strong track-record, where the risks are better understood. source: msci: can esg add alpha? analysis esg tilt and momentum strategies, june zoltan nagy al. source: grant eisenhofer p.a: does corporate governance matter investment returns? jay eisenhofer. intended solely for u.s. investors. please review important disclosures other information the end this presentation. protocol economics recognizing the need for robust economic framework that balances the long-term interests investors, developers, and business operators alike, key stakeholders the ethereum classic community announced their commitment implement new monetary model march st, (c) grayscale investments, llc similar bitcoin, the new policy was built the fundamental economic principle that the value asset function its utility and its scarcity. such, establishes hard cap the total etc issuance. the current miner reward etc per block will reduced block number million, and another every million blocks thereafter. block transactions confirmed ethereum classic about every seconds. due slight variations the block reward rate, anticipated that the total supply etc will reach million and will never exceed million. should noted that march nd, approximately million blocks have been mined, setting the total etc outstanding million, and the overall market capitalization million. the roadmap for implementing the new and improved ethereum classic monetary model set follows: ethereum classic monetary policy development estimates believe that the successful execution these key milestones solidifies sound economic framework that supports long-term investment etc. source: https://iohk.io/blog/ethereum-classic/a-joint-statement-on-ethereum-classics-monetary-policy/. see footnote see footnote intended solely for u.s. investors. please review important disclosures other information the end this presentation. the contrary, ethereum does not incorporate cap the overall supply eth. highlight this difference, below compare the estimated supply and inflation rates for etc and eth based their existing emission models. while there guarantee that the eth supply model will remain the same the future, estimates purport that years there could twice many eth etc outstanding. result, eth would need generate substantially higher rate return justify valuation parity with etc. etc eth estimated total supply ,,, current etc current eth (c) grayscale investments, llc total supply etc eth estimated annual inflation rates current etc current eth estimated annual inflation rate source: overview etc monetary policy proposal, december london, matthew mazur, architect ecip. see footnote see footnote intended solely for u.s. investors. please review important disclosures other information the end this presentation. although the aforementioned suggests that etc may significantly undervalued relative eth, there are some risks that are worth noting: (c) grayscale investments, llc first, we'd highlight two large holders etc; one which has sold the lion's share their tokens, and another which still owns significant amount. the ethereum foundation has liquidated their etc holdings, tokens which they automatically received when the protocol forked. while they have completed majority their etc sales, the remaining could still impact the overall market. furthermore, the dao hacker still holds approximately million etc (roughly all etc circulation) wallet address that identifiable the blockchain. important for investors remember that large blocks etc could sold any time, potentially placing downward pressure the etc price. second, despite the fact that the previous charts show the current supply and inflation rates for etc and eth, questions remain how the eth supply model will impacted the implementation casper. various posts reddit, vitalik has stated that the incentives designed lure stakeholders towards casper will result systematic slowing eth issuance, beginning early the second half however, given that concentrated group developers and contributors (including the ethereum foundation) purchased million the million eth outstanding during the pre-sale, any slowing eth's supply rate could raise significant concerns about centralization. this even more alarming the context proof-of-stake version the protocol, where large stakeholders can have tremendous influence, potentially the expense other network participants. protocol development there doubt that talented minds are working both projects: vitalik buterin and the ethereum foundation are driving forward the roadmap for ethereum, while iohk, the etcdev team, and other independent community members are leading the way for ethereum classic. you can learn more about the individuals supporting ethereum classic development at: https://iohk.io/team/ https://www.etcdevteam.com/ yet major difference between the two projects can seen the structure supporting protocol development. although ethereum claims decentralized platform, centrally funded the ethereum foundation. the development funding (and consequently the innovation roadmap) largely directed single entity and few individuals. within the ethereum classic community exists counter-ideology; that completely decentralized environment allows for abundant possibilities that would otherwise hindered under the direction single organization. many believe that the ethereum foundation's strategy will lead ethereum suffer the same consequences early instances the internet, where walled gardens created the likes aol, compuserve and msn were ultimately superseded the open internet structure that exists today. whether not this accurate analogy remains seen. source: cointelegraph: ethereum foundation has sold percent etc last months, january joseph young. https://cointelegraph.com/news/ethereum-foundation-has-sold--percent-of-etc-in-the-last--months. source: gastracker.io: https://gastracker.io/addr/xefeecaadcbedefdfa, march source: https://np.reddit.com/r/ethereum/comments/izcf/lets_talk_about_the_projected_coin_supply_over/dbcrd/ source: coindesk: what investors should know before trading ether, may charles bovaird. http://www.coindesk.com/what-to-know-trading-ethereum/. intended solely for u.s. investors. please review important disclosures other information the end this presentation. our team's conviction etc further bolstered superior transparency the development roadmap for ethereum classic. charles hoskinson, ceo iohk and co-founder and former ceo the ethereum project, continues actively contribute the roadmap's transparency through variety communication mediums including slack, reddit, twitter, and the "let's talk etc" podcast. the grothendieck team, hired iohk, conducts weekly standups discuss their progress towards building new and improved client support ethereum classic. the etcdev team working new implementations the monetary model, flexible software developer kit that can used build applications the ethereum classic blockchain, and performance and reliability improvements the ethereum virtual machine. the complete development roadmap for both the grothendieck team and the etcdev team can found at: (c) grayscale investments, llc https://iohk.io/projects/ethereum-classic/#devupdates https://www.etcdevteam.com/roadmap.html the most important difference though, that there clear appreciation the ethereum classic developers that digital currencies are critical the long-term sustainability their associated blockchains. further, they recognize that digital token's lasting value justified the trustless nature its protocol. the contrary, the ethereum community's philosophy centers the idea that they will both build and break the technology further their mission accelerating the use "decentralized" protocols and tools, without regard for the digital assets that underlie them. while noble endeavor, think this approach makes eth less attractive from investment perspective. our view that the market underappreciating important differences governance, economics, and development between these two protocols. long-term strategic investors the digital currency ecosystem, believe that the network effect can substantially shift from ethereum ethereum classic more investors, miners, and developers fully appreciate these differences. the investment opportunity for etc we've identified two possible drivers alpha for ethereum classic and etc. first, etc possesses store-of-value properties similar precious metals and bitcoin, giving credence inflation hedge over long-term investment horizons. second, the digital token that runs ethereum classic smart contracts, etc can become the scarce commodity that powers universally-scalable internet things. throughout this section, we'll outline the rationale supporting each these fundamental drivers and evaluate the market opportunity across both dimensions. source: let's talk etc! (ethereum classic) episode conversation with charles hoskinson. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbyjioyvy. source: https://iohk.io/projects/ethereum-classic/#devupdates source: https://www.etcdevteam.com/roadmap.html intended solely for u.s. investors. please review important disclosures other information the end this presentation. digital store-of-value (c) grayscale investments, llc there are certain core properties that are essential the investability asset store-of-value, physical digital. gold, silver, platinum, bitcoin and now etc share the following characteristics that believe are key the success and sustainability store-of-value assets: scarcity: etc scarce asset. estimated that the supply will level off near million tokens the year with capped maximum million tokens that can ever enter circulation. this explicit design element the ethereum classic protocol. march nd, there were approximately million etc floating the market. divisibility: digital currencies represent some the most divisible forms payment available the world. the smallest possible unit etc, "wei," represents single token. etc can displayed out eighteen decimal places, creating one quintillion units within each. portability: etc can sent across borders electronically and clear almost instantly, making alternative bitcoin and far more portable than precious metals fiat currency. fungibility: one unit etc represents the same exact value another unit equal size. verifiability: etc are unique cryptographic tokens that are directly verifiable the ethereum classic blockchain, real-time, from anywhere the world. recognizability: etc gaining broader recognition transactional token with perceived utility, with thousands transactions now taking place daily basis. furthermore, the protocol underlying digital currency must also possess additional properties qualify its token store-of-value: decentralization: ethereum classic operates decentralized network. principle, decentralized networks are more secure and stable than centralized concentrated-control networks, since there single point failure. internet protocols like email and http are examples widely-used decentralized networks. immutability: ethereum classic maintains immutable global blockchain, preventing any possibility fraud, censorship, unjust interference any actor. adaptability: the open-source nature the ethereum classic protocol allows for continuous adaptation and improvement. adaptability essential the future viability any technology. see footnote source: coinmarketcap.com source: etcchain.com intended solely for u.s. investors. please review important disclosures other information the end this presentation. the store-of-value market opportunity for etc (c) grayscale investments, llc while many investors already view bitcoin digital gold, view etc digital silver platinum. our rationale for this twofold. first, the same way that silver and platinum have store-of-value properties and general industrial application the physical economy, see etc asset with store-of-value properties and broad industrial application the digital economy. second, just investing silver and platinum, addition gold, can diversify precious metals allocation, believe that investing select mix digital currencies, including etc, can produce similar benefits and increase risk-adjusted returns. result, assess the investment opportunity for etc store-of-value asset through market share framework, based observations the precious metals market. according blackrock, december th, there was approximately billion invested physically-backed gold exchange-traded products (etps), billion invested silver etps, and billion invested other precious metal etps, category largely comprised platinum. extrapolating from the share that various precious metals maintain the physical store-of-value market, imagine that etc can capture comparable portion the digital store-of-value market. the following chart, look how the price etc could change its market capitalization relative bitcoin were grow the same size silver and platinum relative gold. digital store-of-value market share hypothetical value etc bitcoin market capitalization current etc price etc price bitcoin market cap (relative size platinum gold) etc price bitcoin market cap (relative size silver gold) price ($) source: blackrock: global etp landscape, december source: blockchain.info, tradeblock. etherscan.io. based bitcoin market capitalization $.b and etc supply march the future etc prices shown are purely hypothetical and specifically assume that etc prices will increase. the financial projections set forth herein are subject great uncertainty. there can assurance that the projected hypothetical prices will achieved. actual future prices will depend numerous factors, including the future liquidity etc, all which may differ from the assumptions which the hypothetical prices contained herein are based. representation being made that any results will are likely achieve prices similar those shown. intended solely for u.s. investors. please review important disclosures other information the end this presentation. the market capitalization etc were grow the same relative size platinum gold (%), single token could worth more than nearly its march nd, market price. moreover, the market capitalization etc were assume the same relative size silver gold (%), single token could worth roughly more than its march nd, market price. the commodity that powers the internet things (iot) the internet things concept used describe automated and interoperable, physical-digital world, which every day items can connected the internet share information and value with people and other devices. simply put, the iot translates into more open, systematic, and efficient world, allowing people use their time more productively. (c) grayscale investments, llc there tremendous investment opportunity the iot. mckinsey estimates the economic impact full-scale iot between trillion and trillion per year they identify nine different settings where iot technologies can implemented capture this value: see footnote source: mckinsey global institute: the internet things: mapping the value beyond the hype, june see footnote intended solely for u.s. investors. please review important disclosures other information the end this presentation. today, there are numerous iot technologies development use. companies including amazon, ibm, at&t, bosch, cisco, dell, ge, and google are all researching, investing in, and building their own iot hardware and software solutions. while applications that streamline the transmission and synthesis data are beginning emerge, there are considerable concerns about data security and privacy, network interoperability, and the lack incentives driving adoption these solutions. according cisco, approximately physical objects with iot potential are still unconnected. broadly attribute this the absence common platform that resolves these issues. believe ethereum classic provides the greatest opportunity achieve global iot, scalable technology platform with superior features along each these dimensions: (c) grayscale investments, llc data security privacy decentralized protocol with smart contracts, ethereum classic gives individuals and enterprises the ability control, track, and monetize the distribution proprietary data, intellectual property, and other digital content cryptographically secure environment. furthermore, with immutable global blockchain, ethereum classic not subject censorship, fraud, tampering, unjustified interference central authority. envision world which applications built ethereum classic allow users upload original music, photographs, writing even personal medical records online portal. using intuitive smart contract interface, they could specify who can consume their content, how much will cost, and how can redistributed, among other desirable parameters. this gives users incredible new way protect their digital content the internet era. interoperability ethereum classic offers universal interoperability for applications and business models built its network via the integration smart contracts. smart contracts can autonomously transmit information and value from machine-to-person (mp) and machine-to-machine (mm) without the need for human intervention, connecting seemingly independent devices. cisco estimates that the machine-payable web will account for roughly two-thirds the value associated with iot. with this level interoperability, can imagine how ethereum classic could used optimize global supply chain logistics. suppliers, manufacturers, wholesalers, and retailers could build fully interoperable and applications that streamline inventory management, transportation, distribution, accounting, and payment processes. economic incentives ethereum classic possesses borderless digital token with store-of-value properties that can incentivize participation organically grow the iot. this virtuous cycle can function follows: speculative demand investors over the economic potential that ethereum classic possesses can drive appreciation etc. miners validate transactions and support the speed and security the network, order earn freshly minted etc. the network becomes more secure, developers can build real-world applications ethereum classic, attracted novel internet infrastructure that offers access untapped revenue streams. source: cisco: embracing the internet everything capture your share trillion, bradley, barbier, handler. see footnote intended solely for u.s. investors. please review important disclosures other information the end this presentation. new applications are developed ethereum classic, consumer adoption can driven implicit incentives, via the realization productivity gains, explicit incentives, perhaps the form etc rebates. completing this cycle, etc can transition from digital currency whose value driven speculative demand one whose value driven utilitarian demand. (c) grayscale investments, llc the iot market opportunity for etc evaluate the investment opportunity for etc, digital commodity powering iot applications, using working capital framework. according ihs markit, leading source research and analytics for the technology ecosystem, approximately billion devices may connected the iot assuming that some percentage these devices run machine-payable web operations using ethereum classic and that certain amount value, denominated etc, will need the 'pipes' the 'fuel' facilitating these transactions, can begin assess the asymmetric return potential etc. fuel for the internet things hypothetical value etc iot working capital current etc price ($) etc price penetration iot devices daily transaction volume per device ($) etc price penetration iot devices daily transaction volume per device ($) etc price penetration iot devices daily transaction volume per device ($) source: ihs technology. iot platforms: enabling the internet things, march sam lucero. source: tradeblock. mckinsey global institute: the internet things: mapping the value beyond the hype, june overview etc monetary policy proposal, december london, matthew mazur, architect ecip. current etc price based the tradeblock ecx index value march simulated price estimates are based estimated etc supply january the future etc prices shown are purely hypothetical and specifically assume that etc prices will increase. the financial projections set forth herein are subject great uncertainty. there can assurance that the projected hypothetical prices will achieved. actual future prices will depend numerous factors, including the future liquidity etc, all which may differ from the assumptions which the hypothetical prices contained herein are based. representation being made that any results will are likely achieve prices similar those shown. intended solely for u.s. investors. please review important disclosures other information the end this presentation. for example iot devices were run ethereum classic, each with average daily transaction volume approximately million worth etc could needed working capital daily basis. conservatively, assuming that the market capitalization etc would need least equivalent the daily working capital requirement, the price single token etc could worth roughly moreover, iot devices were run ethereum classic, each with average daily transaction volume approximately billion worth etc could needed working capital. this scenario, the price single etc token could approach giving the iot common language communicate in, common currency transact with, and immutable global blockchain store, track, and manage the flow information and value, quickly, accurately, securely, and without the need for trusted intermediaries, ethereum classic can capture synergies across every setting and payment segment. (c) grayscale investments, llc etc portfolio construction ethereum classic promotes economic growth innovative ways, etc gives investors opportunity build more efficient portfolios. slow global growth, secularly high debt burdens, deteriorating effectiveness monetary policies, and low yielding assets are all contributing savings crisis that threatens the economic welfare future generations. are entering low return environment with significant downside risks, where will difficult for many investors achieve their target returns. there are two options available investors: increase exposure risky assets already held their portfolios hopes generating higher returns. however, this will mean holding more concentrated, less diversified portfolios, with higher risk ruin. identify uncorrelated assets with positive expected returns, and use them build more balanced portfolios. distinct, uncorrelated asset, etc can broaden digital currency allocation and further diversify investor portfolios help them achieve their investment goals. between july and march nd, etc had average cross-sectional correlation with the following major asset classes and currencies. notably, etc was negatively correlated with bitcoin during the same period. see footnote intended solely for u.s. investors. please review important disclosures other information the end this presentation. correlation etc asset classes currencies based rolling -day returns (c) grayscale investments, llc bloomberg commodity index bitcoin canadian dollar s&p index russian ruble thai bhat msci world price index nasdaq composite msci emerging markets price index argentine peso barclays capital bond index euro british pound comex gold index swiss franc chinese renminbi djcme spot index singapore dollar brazillian real japanese yen gain deeper understanding the diversification benefits that etc can offer, ran series simulations both digital currency and traditional investment portfolios. the first example, looked how digital currency portfolio consisting bitcoin and etc would have performed versus portfolio solely comprised bitcoin. ran this simulation for the following reasons: etc shares common properties with investable digital currencies like bitcoin that fundamentally support its role store-of-value asset and inflation hedge over long-term investment horizons. while both etc and bitcoin are digital assets with store-of-value properties, each have unique, diversifying characteristics. for example, etc could become the dominant digital currency for the machine-payable web, while bitcoin will likely continue the dominant peer-to-peer digital currency. can provide insight whether diversified investment basket select digital currencies might deliver better risk-adjusted returns than standalone investment bitcoin. source: bloomberg, tradeblock, poloniex, bitfinex. past performance not necessarily indicative future results. the period during which etc has been available has only been approximately six months, the correlations may not meaningful when considering longer periods. correlations are based -day rolling returns from july through march performance bitcoin based the daily values the bloomberg bitcoin/us dollar spot price. performance etc based the daily values provided poloniex from july through july bitfinex from july through december and the tradeblock ecx index thereafter. intended solely for u.s. investors. please review important disclosures other information the end this presentation. hypothetical simulated portfolio performance july through march portfolio bitcoin bitcoin etc cumulative total return annualized total return* annualized std dev* sharpe ratio* ---- -.% change annualized return* change annualized risk* ratio improvement* hypothetical simulated portfolio performance cumulative (ln) bitcoin bitcoin etc return (%) feb- jan- dec- nov- oct- sep- aug- jul- (c) grayscale investments, llc the above figures show, the blended portfolio, containing bitcoin and etc (blue), produced hypothetical simulated cumulative return that was more than higher than that pure bitcoin portfolio (red), with lower volatility. the second example, looked the incremental effects adding broader digital currency allocation (-%), comprised bitcoin (%) and etc (%), global portfolio. since digital currencies provide exposure market opportunities not captured traditional asset classes, were excited quantify the potential benefits that they can offer. hypothetical simulated performance results have certain inherent limitations. there guarantee that the market conditions during the past period will present the future. rather, most likely that the future market conditions will differ significantly from those this past period, which could have materially adverse impact future returns. unlike actual performance record, simulated results not represent actual trading the costs managing the portfolio. also, since the trades have not actually been executed, the results may have under over compensated for the impact, any, certain market factors, such lack liquidity. simulated trading programs general are also subject the fact that they are designed with the benefit hindsight. representation being made that any account will likely achieve profits losses similar those shown. past performance not necessarily indicative future results. see "note hypothetical simulated performance results" important disclosures for additional disclosures. source: bloomberg, tradeblock, poloniex, bitfinex. performance shown from july through march *annualized figures and related statistics are shown for illustrative purposes only and not reflect full year performance. annualized figures are based trading days. performance bitcoin based the daily values the bloomberg bitcoin/us dollar spot price. performance etc based the daily values provided poloniex from july through july bitfinex from july through december and the tradeblock ecx index thereafter. the bitcoin etc results are hypothetical and are not based actual returns historical performance. component asset weights are held constant over the period. the sharpe ratio calculated the annualized excess return the portfolio over the -month t-bill divided the standard deviation excess returns. see footnote intended solely for u.s. investors. please review important disclosures other information the end this presentation. hypothetical simulated portfolio performance july through march portfolio cumulative total return annualized total return* annualized std dev* sharpe ratio* change annualized return* change annualized risk* ratio improvement* global global digital currency global digital currency global digital currency ---- -.% -.% -.% hypothetical simulated portfolio performance cumulative (ln) global global digital currency global digital currency global digital currency return (%) -.% feb- jan- dec- nov- oct- sep- aug- -.% jul- (c) grayscale investments, llc our analysis revealed that even small allocations digital currency can significantly enhance the returns traditional portfolios, while also reducing risk. adding digital currency allocation the global increased the hypothetical simulated cumulative return bps, while also reducing volatility improve risk-adjusted returns. adding digital currency allocation the global increased the hypothetical simulated cumulative return bps, while also reducing volatility improve risk-adjusted returns. adding digital currency allocation the global increased the hypothetical simulated cumulative return bps, while also reducing volatility improve risk-adjusted returns. hypothetical simulated performance results have certain inherent limitations. see footnote and "note hypothetical simulated performance results" important disclosures for additional disclosures. source: bloomberg, tradeblock, poloniex, bitfinex. performance shown from july through march *annualized figures and related statistics are shown for illustrative purposes only and not reflect full year performance. annualized figures are based trading days. global consists allocation the ishares msci acwi and allocation the vanguard total international bond etf. performance bitcoin based the daily values the bloomberg bitcoin/us dollar spot price. performance etc based the daily values provided poloniex from july through july bitfinex from july through december and the tradeblock ecx index thereafter. "digital currency" consists allocation bitcoin and allocation etc. the global %/%/% digital currency results are hypothetical and are not based actual returns historical performance. component asset weights are held constant over the period. the sharpe ratio calculated the annualized excess return the portfolio over the -month t-bill divided the standard deviation excess returns. see footnote see footnote see footnote intended solely for u.s. investors. please review important disclosures other information the end this presentation. important highlight that adding small allocation etc within the digital currency sleeve further enhanced the risk-adjusted returns the global versus simulations only including bitcoin. emphasize this point because the hypothetical simulated performance data supports our thesis that there are benefits that investors can realize incorporating multiple investable digital currencies into the construction their portfolios. also reinforces that digital currency has grown become new asset class that encompasses more than just bitcoin. even though our hypothetical simulated analysis limited the short timeframe over which ethereum classic and etc have existed, our findings are consistent with the mathematical principle that uncorrelated assets with positive returns can improve the efficiency investor portfolios. (c) grayscale investments, llc conclusion believe future multiple digital currencies, which unique comparative advantages allow each play distinct role driving economic growth and diversifying modern investment portfolios. yet new tokens enter the fold, becomes more and more difficult sift through the noise identify truly revolutionary assets. recognizing that this can challenging for many investors, have developed framework qualify digital currencies with long-term investability. through this lens, have come believe that etc marks the next generation class investable digital assets, complementing bitcoin, and broadening dynamic new asset class. with its store-of-value properties, abundant real-world applications, asymmetric return potential, and diversifying characteristics, etc stands radically improve many aspects our lives while also providing investors with new tool build efficient portfolios. look forward learning more from our experience with this exciting new asset and will continue deliver investment insights the broader digital currency ecosystem. about grayscale investments trusted authority digital currency investing, grayscale provides market insight and investment exposure the developing digital currency asset class. grayscale's cornerstone product, the bitcoin investment trust, provides titled, auditable bitcoin exposure through traditional security structure. the bitcoin investment trust's shares are the first publicly-quoted securities solely invested in, and deriving value from, the price bitcoin (symbol: gbtc). the ethereum (etc) investment trust grayscale's second digital currency product. more information regarding grayscale can found www.grayscale.co. grayscale and the ethereum (etc) investment trust can followed @grayscaleinvest and @ethereumtrust, respectively. alternatively, please contact michael sonnenshein, head sales business development michael@grayscale.co intended solely for u.s. investors. please review important disclosures other information the end this presentation. important disclosures other information (c)grayscale investments, llc. all content original and has been researched and produced grayscale investments, llc ("grayscale") unless otherwise stated herein. part this content may reproduced any form, referred any other publication, without the express consent grayscale. (c) grayscale investments, llc this paper for informational purposes only and does not constitute offer sell the solicitation offer sell buy any security any jurisdiction where such offer solicitation would illegal. there not enough information contained this paper make investment decision and any information contained herein should not used basis for this purpose. this paper does not constitute personal recommendation take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, needs investors. investors should consider whether any advice recommendation this paper suitable for their particular circumstances and, appropriate, seek professional advice, including tax advice. the price and value investments referred this research and the income from them may fluctuate. past performance not guide future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and loss original capital may occur. fluctuations exchange rates could have adverse effects the value price of, income derived from, certain investments. investors should aware that grayscale investments, llc the sponsor the ethereum (etc) investment trust ("etct"). information provided about the etct not intended be, nor should construed used investment, tax legal advice, recommendation, offer sell, solicitation offer buy, interest the etct. any offering solicitation will made only certain qualified investors pursuant formal offering with additional documentation, all which should read their entirety. any offer solicitation investment the etct may made only delivery the etct's confidential offering documents (the "offering documents") qualified investors, which would contain material information not contained herein and which would supersede the information provided herein its entirety. interests the etct will not registered under the u.s. securities act amended, any state securities laws, and the etct will not registered under the u.s. investment company act amended. any interests the etct described herein have not been recommended any u.s. federal state, non-u.s., securities commission regulatory authority, including the securities and exchange commission. furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed the accuracy determined the adequacy this document. any representation the contrary criminal offense. certain the statements contained herein may statements future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based grayscale's views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance events differ materially from those expressed implied such statements. addition statements that are forward-looking reason context, the words "may, will, should, could, can, expects, plans, intends, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, projected, continue" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. grayscale assumes obligation update any forward-looking information contained herein. although grayscale has taken reasonable care ensure that the information contained herein accurate, representation warranty (including liability towards third parties), expressed implied, made grayscale its accuracy, reliability completeness. note hypothetical simulated performance results hypothetical simulated performance results have certain inherent limitations. there guarantee that the market conditions during past period will present the future. rather, most likely that the future market conditions will differ significantly from those this past period, which could have materially adverse impact future returns. unlike actual performance record, simulated results not represent actual trading the costs managing the portfolio. also, since the trades have not actually been executed, the results may have under over compensated for the impact, any, certain market factors, such lack liquidity. simulated trading programs general are also subject the fact that they are designed with the benefit hindsight. representation being made that any account will likely achieve profits losses similar those shown above. past performance not necessarily indicative future results. the hypothetical simulated performance results are based model that used inputs that are based assumptions about variety conditions and events and provides hypothetical not actual results. with all mathematical models, results may vary significantly depending upon the value the inputs given, that relatively minor modification any assumption may have significant impact the result. among other things, the hypothetical simulated performance calculations not take into account all aspects the applicable asset's characteristics under certain conditions, including characteristics that can have significant impact the results. further, evaluating the hypothetical simulated performance results herein, each prospective investor should understand that not all the hypothetical assumptions used the model are described herein, intended solely for u.s. investors. please review important disclosures other information the end this presentation. and conditions and events that are not accounted for the model may have significant adverse effect the performance the assets described herein. prospective investors should consider whether the behavior these assets should tested based different and/or additional assumptions from those included the information herein. addition other differences, prospective investors should note the following potentially significant differences between the assumptions made the hypothetical simulated performance and the conditions under which the etct will perform, which could cause the actual return the etct differ considerably from returns set forth the hypothetical simulated performance, materially lower than the returns and result losses some all the investment prospective investors: (note, however, that the etct will solely invested etc, whereas the hypothetical simulated performance was intended show hypothetical performance investment etc and other assets.) (c) grayscale investments, llc the general market data used the hypothetical simulated performance does not reflect actual trading activity and could not replicated the etct its actual transactions. actual trading activity was executed levels that differed significantly from the general market data used the hypothetical simulated performance, the actual returns achieved would have varied considerably from the results the hypothetical simulated performance and could have been substantially lower and could result significant losses. unlike the etct, the hypothetical simulated performance does not assume any gains losses from trading and therefore does not reflect the potential losses, costs and risks posed trading and holding actual assets. the hypothetical simulated performance does not reflect the impact the market conditions may have had upon the etct were existence during the historical period selected. the hypothetical simulated performance does not reflect any fees incurred the etct. such amounts had been included the hypothetical simulated performance, the results would have been lowered. result these and other differences, the actual return the etct may higher lower than the returns set forth the hypothetical simulated performance, which hypothetical and may never achieved. reasons for deviation may also include, but are means limited to, changes regulatory and/or tax law, generally unfavorable market conditions and the risk factors set forth below. certain risk factors grayscale's ethereum (etc) investment trust (etct) private, unregistered investment vehicle and not subject the same regulatory requirements exchange traded funds mutual funds, including the requirement provide certain periodic and standardized pricing and valuation information investors. there are substantial risks investing grayscale's ethereum (etc) investment trust, including but not limited to: price volatility etc has historically experienced significant intraday and long-term price swings. market adoption possible that etc will never broadly adopted either the retail commercial marketplace, which case, etc may lose most, not all, its value. government regulation the regulatory framework etc remains unclear and application existing regulations and/or future restrictions federal and state authorities may have significant impact the value etc. security while the etct has implemented powerful security measures for the safe storage etc, there have been significant incidents digital currency theft and etc remains potential target for hackers. etc that are lost stolen cannot replaced, transactions are irrevocable. intended solely for u.s. investors. please review important disclosures other information the end this presentation. tax treatment virtual currency march the internal revenue service (irs) released tax guidance applicable digital and virtual currency stating "under currently applicable law, virtual currency not treated currency that could generate foreign currency gain loss for u.s. federal tax purposes. for federal tax purposes, virtual currency treated property. general tax principles applicable property transactions apply transactions using virtual currency." however, this can potentially change the future. tax structure the trust the etct may involve complex tax structure, which should reviewed carefully, and may involve structures strategies that may cause delays important tax information being sent investors. shareholder control the sponsor has total authority over the etct and shareholders' rights are extremely limited. lack liquidity and transfer restrictions investment the etct will illiquid and there will significant restrictions transferring interests the etct. (c) grayscale investments, llc potential reliance third-party management the etct and its managers advisors may rely the trading expertise and experience third-party managers advisors, the identity which may not fully disclosed investors. fees and expenses the etct's fees and expenses (which may substantial regardless any returns investment) will offset the etct's trading profits. potential conflicts interest the etct and its sponsor, managers, advisors and agents may subject various conflicts interest. additional general disclosures investors must have the financial ability, sophistication/experience and willingness bear the risks investment. please refer the ethereum (etc) investment trust private placement memorandum for list additional risk factors. making investment decision, investors must rely their own examination the etct and the terms the offering contemplated the offering documents, including the merits and risks involved. investment the etct not suitable for all investors. the etct private investment vehicle and not subject the same regulatory requirements secregistered exchange traded funds similar investment vehicles. the etct not registered with the sec and the etct's shares are being offered private placement pursuant rule (c) under regulation result, the etct's shares are restricted and subject significant limitations resales transfer. potential investors should carefully consider the long term nature investment the etct prior making investment decision. this document intended for those with in-depth understanding the high risk nature alternative investments and these investments may not suitable for you. this document may not distributed either excerpts its entirety beyond its initial recipient and the etct and grayscale investments, llc will not held responsible this document used distributed beyond its initial recipient used for any unintended purpose. the etct and grayscale not: make recommendations purchase sell specific securities; provide investment advisory services; conduct general retail business. neither the etct nor grayscale, its affiliates, nor any its directors, officers, employees agents shall have any liability, howsoever arising, for any error incompleteness fact opinion lack care its preparation publication, provided that this shall not exclude liability the extent that this impermissible under securities laws. the etct and grayscale logos, graphics, icons, trademarks, service marks and headers appearing herein are service marks, trademarks (whether registered not) and/or trade dress dcg holdco inc. (the "marks"). all other trademarks, company names, logos, service marks and/or trade dress mentioned, displayed, cited otherwise indicated herein ("third party marks") are the sole property their respective owners. the marks the third party marks may not copied, downloaded, displayed, used metatags, misused, otherwise exploited any manner without the prior express written permission the etct and grayscale the owner such third party mark. intended solely for u.s. investors. please review important disclosures other information the end this presentation. (c) grayscale investments, llc the above summary not complete list the risks and other important disclosures involved investing the etct and subject the more complete disclosures contained the etct's offering documents, which must reviewed carefully. intended solely for u.s. investors. please review important disclosures other information the end this presentation.