white paper may blockchain based organizations table contents disclaimer project risk and risk management abstract introduction rationale for forking ethereum etherinc dapps einc dapp einc workflow einc proposal types subsidiary/multilevel einc einc abi einc name service (eincns) einc marketplace etherinc blockchain nodes use eti coins etherinc layers etherinc mineable coins etherinc fork changes etherinc coinsale etherinc coin distribution roadmap etherinc api wallet team advisors disclaimer the einc white paper has been prepared the einc team for the sole purpose introducing the technical aspects the einc and its associated platform and underlying blockchain protocol. this document does not constitute any offer, solicitation, recommendation invitation for, relation to, the securities any company described herein. the white paper not offering document, memorandum, prospectus, and not intended provide the basis any investment decision contract. the information presented this white paper technical engineering nature only, and has not been subject independent audit, verification analysis any professional legal, accounting, engineering financial advisers. the white paper does not purport include information that buyer eti coins might require form any purchase decision, and, particular, does not comprehensively address the risks associated with buying and selling eti, which are numerous and significant. einc (along with its directors, officers and employees), does not assume any liability responsibility whatsoever for the accuracy completeness information contained this white paper, for correcting any errors herein. furthermore, should you choose participate the coinsale pre-sale einc, einc does not assume any liability responsibility whatsoever for any loss market value einc. you are also aware the risk that due lack public interest, einc.io could remain commercially unsuccessful shut down for lack interest, regulatory other reasons. you, therefore, understand and accept that the funding einc.io and the creation einc.io carries significant financial, regulatory and/or reputational risks (including the complete loss value created coins). the contents the white paper include technical information and requires familiarity with distributed ledger technologies order comprehend the einc framework and its associated engineering risks. recipients this document are encouraged seek external advice, and are solely responsible for making their own assessment the matters herein, including assessment risks, and consulting their own technical and professional advisors. for any questions/queries, feel free reach out info@einc.io project risk and risk management regulatory risk present, although some governments, such japan, hold positive attitude towards blockchain technology and cryptocurrency, and have established favorable policy support the growth the industry, there are still many uncertainties the regulatory level due conflicts between the decentralized nature public blockchains and the policies existing centralized governments. governments adverse the proliferation the use cryptocurrencies local commerce could issue laws and regulation deeming the use cryptocurrencies regulated activity. e.g. recent months, countries such china have issued regulations statements prohibiting token sales, while other countries like the u.s. have sought bring the sale tokens within the same regulatory oversight securities offerings. this could render holders eti incapable using their coins the future without further regulatory compliance. the management team will use the following ways mitigate the regulatory risks: the team will set separate public relations department that will actively communicate with relevant government authorities and industry practitioners, design and carry out its digital asset issuance, trading, blockchain finance, blockchain applications, and other businesses under existing legal framework. market risk the ultimate goal einc enable organizations and individuals run businesses the blockchain. however, since the blockchain industry still its infancy, the project will face variety market risks the future. the operations team will use the following ways mitigate the market risks: einc operations team will attend industry meetings regularly and hold press releases project progress from time time communicate and discuss with relevant businesses regarding current market needs and prospects. this can ensure that the project able promptly respond queries the community and the market. technical risk the goal einc establish platform run organizations the blockchain, which challenging task terms technology development. therefore, the project puts high demand top-notch technical talent and requires extensive research involvement and engagement. the operations team will use the following ways mitigate the technical risks: work closely with top developer communities and research institutions focus the development the ecosystem. the einc team will also regularly allocate funds support the construction einc community and carry out in-depth collaboration with other blockchain and crypto communities, ensure that the technical risks the project are manageable. financial risk financial risk refers the significant loss investment raised through coinsale and pre-sale. for example, hackers other malicious groups organizations may attempt interfere with einc distribution einc blockchain variety ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial service attacks, consensus-based attacks, sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. the operations team will use the following ways mitigate the financial risk: all the digital currencies raised through coinsale pre-sale are stored multi-signature wallets with cold storage and managed the einc team. using multisignature, the risk project funds being subject expropriation and/or theft can effectively reduced. abstract the intent etherinc create alternative protocol for running decentralized organizations and building decentralized applications, providing different set trade-offs that believe will very useful for large class decentralized applications, with particular emphasis situations where rapid development time, security for small and rarely used applications, and the ability different applications very efficiently interact, are important. etherinc does this building what essentially the ultimate abstract foundational layer: blockchain with built-in turing-complete programming language allowing anyone write smart contracts and decentralized applications where they can create their own arbitrary rules for ownership, transaction formats, and state transition functions. bare-bones version namecoin can developed writing two lines code, and other protocols like currencies and reputation systems can built under twenty. smart contracts, cryptographic "boxes" that contain value and unlock only certain conditions are met, can also built top the platform, with more power than that offered bitcoin scripting because the added powers turing-completeness, value-awareness, blockchain-awareness, and state. introduction etherinc (also referred einc short) making daos reality. einc organizations are borderless and decentralized, just like bitcoin, that are not limited geographies, intermediaries and, other such artificial restrictions. the concept distributed teams collaborating from all over the world, has gained momentum over the past few years. working distributed teams opens new possibilities and avenues. the existing organizational system work reasonably when all the parties are part and governed common organizational framework which regulated regulatory bodies one jurisdiction, and are located one jurisdiction. however, this not the direction where the future organizations headed. traditional businesses are being replaced resilient startup organizations where teams are longer shackled geographies and jurisdictions. according report published global entrepreneurship monitor, there are more than million entrepreneurs launching million startups globally, each year. while this number may seem impressive, only third these startups i.e. million actually materialize, and hence benefit society one more ways. inspecting the reasons behind the failures these new organizations, insufficient capital stands out the most prominent factor. organizations which fail, usually not have the capital investment sustain themselves for even six months, let alone the idea turning into successful ventures. common roadblocks faced these new age organizations are: different country specific compliances and regulations create friction ever changing compliances and regulations which must adhered you wish avoid penalties which can scale much establishing your organization. these regulations tend cause major friction for startups and deter brilliant minds from all across the globe from collaborating. for example, you are from australia and your friend, let's say, from ukraine, wish collaborate and start company together, then there are multiple documentations and country specific regulations (of both ukraine and australia) which you must adhere achieve compliance with both jurisdictions. you will also required hire legal practitioners who will charge hefty fee for the documentation contracts, payroll etc., apart from bank charges, transfer fee etc., which you will encounter during the running time your organization. heavy incorporation costs, prohibitive legal fees, high transaction charges, etc. incorporating organization involves lot paperwork well legal back and forth which are burden startups, which haven't even started generating revenue break-even, let alone making profits. for example, incorporating company the u.s there are the incorporation costs, ein number costs, state taxes, tax filing charges, insurance etc. which has been estimated cost startup upwards $+. and this just the cost encountered organizations who have citizens the u.s., founders. you have founders from places other than the u.s., then the costs can even rise further.. https://slidebean.com/blog/startups/us-corporation-costs costs involved updating, managing and safeguarding company finances more costs are encountered establishing financial management system with financial consultant cfo heading all these operations. you will also required hire chartered accountant for managing your ledger, calculating profits, reducing costs, and disbursing funds, when and where required. difficult procedure conflict resolution company its initial stages, encounters lot disagreements and conflicts among its founders, there are times when their opinions and thought-processes not match. while the differences 'vision' might get resolved before company incorporation, there are other issues which arise friction between founders with respect resource utilization how proceed further. such situations demand system conflict resolution which ensures that company's future not put jeopardy, simply because decision could not arrived at. complicated process partner inclusion exclusion working new startup organization, one always prone the risk disagreements which eventually lead one the partners stakeholders backing out, and hence, leaving the future the company and other partners/collaborators jeopardy. legal documentation and regulation-compliance take years iron out and bring balance back organizations, giving stakeholders chance find loopholes within the system, which they can exploit for their singular benefit. angel investors and vc's have become discerning, while mechanisms like crowdfunding and icos have earned bad name due numerous scams witnesses major market-crash the end dotcom boom, and those that followed it, investors have turned skeptical projects they invest in. now the chances startup securing funding from angel investor while there are other ways securing funds like crowdfunding, icos, etc., these methods raising money have got bad name due numerous scams happening across the globe, leaving the investors huge risk. short, startups face trust issues because the high costs setting multi-national organization, which might not necessary, financially feasible during the early stages the project. lack organizational framework may result disputes various grounds like, distribution profits, reaching consensus through voting, raising capital from external sources, bringing new members the organization, and transfer stakes etc. involving mediation/arbitration case disputes are expensive, are unnecessary nuisance, and are often impractical. https://fi.co/insight/funding-options-for-every-stage-of-your-startup https://techcrunch.com////company-raises-k-ico-vanishes there need: transform the startup sector, which currently has more than million companies registered, and growing the rate million companies globally annually. prop up/support almost million startups which close down every year due any the reasons outlined above; inadequate cash reserves being the second highest reason. encourage more than million entrepreneurs, who are not funded vcs and angel investors, take their ideas off the drawing board helping them raise funds via crowdsale, with confidence. shape world where people around the globe can work together single organization, based cryptographic proof instead trust, and operate borderless, permissionless, democratically, and transparently, with the consensus its shareholders, without the need trusted third party and/or costly intermediaries. summarize, einc empowers teams around the world create, manage, and operate decentralized democratic organizations that are more resilient and trusted this enables efficient creation value without borders, restrictions, and costly intermediaries trusted third party. this something akin what bitcoin achieved the payment space. einc organizations that run with the consensus its shareholders and operate democratically, will protect the interests the majority the shareholders and boost investor confidence. rationale for forking ethereum einc began dapp https://www.stateofthedapps.com/dapps/einc the ethereum blockchain. after launch, the einc platform received several feedbacks, which revealed the inadequacies the existing ethereum framework more than that the einc dapp. for mass adoption, there were issues such as, transaction speed ethereum was very low, gas price was too high etc., for all dapps general, the ethereum blockchain. moreover, the scalability solutions that purported themselves the alternatives were available the cost reduced decentralization. einc evaluated other trusted blockchains which included ethereum classic and neo among others, but einc needed blockchain which had wide range support available allow the user interact with the einc dapp easily the developers can contribute the einc governance ecosystem. moreover, neo blockchain operates proof-of-stake (pos) consensus mechanism using delegated byzantine fault tolerance (dbft) which not decentralized when compared the bitcoin and ethereum blockchains. the need for purely decentralized architecture where organisations can run and flourish without any intermediaries led einc commence the etherinc blockchain. etherinc blockchain offers both, decentralization well as, higher bandwidth needed run global organizations. etherinc dapps etherinc blockchain-based dapps will the same ethereum-based dapps and any ethereum dapp can deployed the etherinc blockchain. have created the einc dapp which the core dapp for all einc organisations. einc dapp einc dapp smart contract with inbuilt protocols run organization. every einc organization actually smart contract etherinc blockchain. einc controlled its members example einc view ether einc. etherinc.org (einc organization explorer) https://etherinc.org/company/xaceafcbaabecdea/c einc workflow einc organisation everything proposal-based. you need send eti another address, you need create proposal, which when passed, automatically transfers the the beneficiary's eti wallet address. einc grades grade the representation power the einc platform, lower the the grade, higher the power. default, the minimum grade for member role which assigned "ceo". grade cannot assigned any other role and "ceo" grade cannot changed. every organization can have different roles and grades, will the default grade for all unassigned roles. grades are divided into two parts: grades from can add new proposals and execute "grade based proposals" proposals higher grades than their grades. grades over cannot add new proposals execute "grade based proposals". einc proposal types there are total types proposals possible einc smart contract which are further divided into two categories: voting based proposals voting based proposals can executed/passed voting proposal only. proposal passed when the positive votes become greater than the "quorum voting percentage" the total voting power, e.g. organization has total voting power and "quorum voting percentage" for that organization then order pass the proposal, the number votes required least votes. proposals list: issue shares investment assign shares sell shares appoint ceo fire ceo payment/salary change legal name voting rules operational proposal close einc vote proposal (remote einc) execute proposal (remote einc) grade based proposals grade based proposals are slightly different from voting based proposals. order pass grade based proposal you need have higher grade than the proposal grade. for e.g. organization member with "cto" role (grade wants add new member than he/she can only execute that proposal the new member has role which has higher grade than grade-based proposals there need for voting pass the proposal. proposals list: add member remove member change member role add new role subsidiary/multilevel einc einc smart contract has inbuilt protocols allow cross-organization communications with other einc organizations which have communicating einc member. einc controlled its member/another einc einc abi anyone can interect with einc organization using einc abi here https://etherinc.freshdesk.com/support/solutions/articles/-i-need-abi-for-ei nc-contract einc name service (eincns) eincns works same like whois where every einc organization will registered with their contract address and other metadata that einc organization. eincns will launch the main purpose eincns make einc organizations more decentralized that trustless systems can built truly, instead the etherinc company acting the trust company. how does eincns work eincns singular smart contract which contains the einc organization's metadata like: einc organization name, contract address, renewal data, registrar etc. where people can register registrar and can register new einc renew einc eincns sending transactions eincns smart contract. what the need eincns the world decentralized applications one wants to/should have trust single entity. since the einc organization's name will unique worldwide and the need for process registering and renew einc transparent started creating eincns smart contract which will allow anyone check einc organizations and because all details will blockchain that even etherinc cannot manipulate any data. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whois einc marketplace einc marketplace will consist dapps, which will give einc organizations wide range applications run their einc and how they want. one example marketplace dapps the payroll dapp which allows einc owners manage their employees and pay their salaries automatically, without the need passing multiple proposals. einc marketplace dapps etherinc blockchain nodes etherinc has officially launched its mainnet and ropsten (test) networks (on tue, feb and, during coinsale event, will give users mainnet eti coins. have launched total nodes mainnet and nodes ropsten which are mentioned recommended the official etherinc github geth protocol. mainnet nodes: official etherinc mainnet network bootnodes: etherinc mainnet, bootnodes "enode://dbddadcadebfebbdbebeefeedccfc fbbfffaeceeaafbdfaeffd@...:" "enode://abeadebdaeebdbaebfbedce ecafafaaadbfcefffdc@...:" "enode://dffadeccafcefafeaeebabdbbcabddb cfbaccaecafaebc@...:" "enode://ccfcefcaaccadeaedddcfbbedacd dcddaaabdecfcdfbeb@...:" "enode://bfafbdeecbcdfccebcbdbffbefdfc ecbebecbedbbdac@...:" "enode://dadfcbaceddecabbdfecebbaf aeaeabeedbdfecceeffaafcadf@...:" "enode://edfccaeaccfdbefaefbec eabeaaafedaffaffedcedfbd@...:" https://github.com/etherinc/go-etherinc address mainnet nodes: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... default port for etherinc mainnet network nodes will ropsten (test network) nodes: official etherinc ropsten network bootnodes: etherinc ropsten, bootnodes "enode:// caeaeffeaadfaecbdcbfffdcdbadffdeabcb dbddbdaabdcdebffd@...: "enode:// edeaabadacdbfebbfbeef ddaaccfbaaffeccac@...: "enode:// ddacdbcacefedebbeeaafefaccafcfaffeebccecdb dbbadddbcdcceacecfef@...: address ropsten nodes: ... ... ... default port for etherinc ropsten network nodes will use eti coins the crypto-fuel for the etherinc blockchain, eti coins, which form the transactional backbone the etherinc blockchain can used many ways. etherinc layers the different layers the einc platform etherinc blockchain etherinc blockchain was created fork ethereum block eti (etherinc) coins are the driving facilitators etherinc, and are used pay transaction fees. etherinc protocol peer-to-peer communications between nodes running einc clients run using the underlying einc protocol. einc dorg utility dapps einc dorg lets you create and implement daos the "einc framework". one can use other utility dapps create their own dapps top it, for example, bot dapp, payroll dapp, etc. web.js web.js collection libraries which allows one interact with local remote einc blockchain node. einc einc organization explorer etherinc.org lets user manage einc, create proposals, take actions the einc organization, and keep record all the transactions. etherinc mineable coins etherinc blockchain which was started tue, feb has fixed time for last block reward which fri, feb after this time, block reward will awarded miners. bitcoin, btc can mined over time miners but one can certain when the last block reward will generated. the other hand, etherinc took another route for this, instead fixing supply fixed time for last block reward which will before fri, feb below the graph represent block reward over time. etherinc (eti) block reward eti and will halves every days years) till fri, feb total eti can mined over years. there will uncle reward etherinc blockchain. etherinc fork changes etherinc blockchain was created fork the ethereum blockchain, with replay protection, and hence, has all the capabilities the ethereum blockchain with some our own enhancements, and powerful inbuilt dapps that run this blockchain. improved the ethereum blockchain the following ways reduced block time from which improved: network transaction per second transaction confirmation speed miner reward removed uncle reward implemented finite supply for mineable coins etherinc coinsale coin name etherinc coin coin symbol eti blockchain etherinc total coin supply eti total coins coinsale eti price eti soft cap hard cap pre ico sale starts june pre ico sale ends june ico sale starts june ico sale ends july etherinc coin distribution total coins: eti eti will distributed ethereum holders who had eth their wallet balance the time the fork the ratio eti coins have been set aside for etherinc startup fund support startups that register their organization einc.io eti coins will available for sale the einc coinsale. eti coins have allocated for strategic partnerships such partnership with other wallet partners include eti and for partnerships that help further build and foster the eti ecosystem. only eti coins have been allocated for einc community. these coins will used reward the founders, team members, advisors, and fund the product development, marketing, promotion, awareness, airdrop, bounty and referral campaigns for the etherinc platform, (,, eti) will company reserve for miscellaneous operations. eti coins will assigned for etherinc future development and will vested for years released year and community total coins: eti eti coins will available for development etherinc. eti coins will available for team (will vested for months post crowdsale). eti will company reserve for miscellaneous operations. eti coins will available for marketing, bounty and airdrops. eti coins will available for advisors. roadmap etherinc api name endpoint type chain eti (mainnet) https://api.einc.io/jsonrpc/mainnet geth eti (ropsten) https://api.einc.io/jsonrpc/ropsten geth wallet einc offers two wallet options forking existing open-source code mew (myetherwallet) and metamask. implemented etherinc blockchain configuration and launched web wallet (https://wallet.einc.io) and chrome-based browser extension eincmeta (https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eincmeta/lghmfnfghfcjoblchpmlghkigcgakoag), einc chose use the open source code mew and metamask because users already know how interact with mew and metamask and they not need get accustomed new software order send/receive eti. etherinc wallet, https://wallet.einc.io etherinc wallet chrome extension, eincmeta https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eincmeta/lghmfnfghfcjoblchpmlghkigcgakoag team advisors the etherinc has proven history technical achievements and offers unmatched passion for technology. past our team has worked for: the future organizations blockchain email info@einc.io wallet: https://wallet.einc.io/ community: https://community.einc.io/ organisation explorer (mainnet): https://etherinc.org/ organisation explorer (rosten testnet): https://ropsten.etherinc.org/ block explorer (mainnet): https://explorer.einc.io/ block explorer (rosten testnet): https://ropstenexplorer.einc.io/ network (mainnet): https://network.einc.io/ network (rosten testnet): https://ropstennetwork.einc.io/ eincmeta: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lghmfnfghfcjoblchpmlghkigcgakoag blog: https://medium.com/einc telegram: https://t.me/einchq facebook: https://www.facebook.com/pg/eincofficial twitter: https://twitter.com/einchq reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/eincofficial/