introduction see great potential crypto-technologies they pertain mobile and computer gaming, well various other entertainment industries. are proud say that are one the first break ground and form the crypto-gaming market because we're certain that just few years, there will explosion various types gaming projects incorporating this promising technology. meet ether kingdoms blockchain game that implements our vision exciting and engrossing game that can make real money for the player. game for the wide audience, ether kingdoms built around its own token imp. did you think ico soon you read "token"? no, not this time. are not holding initial coin offering, which everyone familiar with the crypto-world tired now. wanted release ether kingdoms soon possible, few months ago came out with the beta-version, making possible for every player (even those that aren't hardcore gamers blockchain enthusiasts) enjoy our game right away. with that said, had detailed development plan from the get go, with updates mechanics and feature content coming out once-twice per month. the secondthird quarter will unveiling our global plans that will far beyond ether kingdoms itself... but it's too soon talk about that. imp token ethereum based erc token. the name comes from the word "imp", meaning "little devil". when you see our characters, you'll understand why named them that. but don't worry, they are quite awesome. overall game mechanics the basic ether kingdoms game mechanics consists the following components: mining pvp battles artifact equipment leaderboard participation far realm battles fights with bosses and monsters the game field the main screen hexagonal grid that contains key game elements the castle and mines. the imp token, imps, can mined the mine. the imps are the kingdom's main workers and warriors. one imp token equals one imp under your command. further, when talk about tokens, imps, imp, please remember that all these are synonyms and mean the same thing. your imps are very useful! send them the mine and they'll get you more imp tokens. long your imps are hard work, you have constant token profit. isn't great? the castle the heart your kingdom.you can exchange your imps for lootboxes, which are chests that hide cool and very useful artifacts. addition mining, your imps can battle the imps other players. click the icon with two crossed swords, specify the number imps you'd like send, and sit tight, waiting for opponent accept your challenge. you don't want wait, you can call upon our highly trained bots, and enjoy watching the automated battle. don't forget turn the sound! the battle can either draw, victory one the players, the bot. the latter case, the loser gives part his imps and the winner takes them home. you are fighting the bot, becomes the mirror copy your own imp, your chances victory, defeat draw lean towards the proportion. keep mind that the game keeps commission for each battle. your imps have list characteristics, which you can see the equipment window. you can also use this window equip the imps with artifacts, making them stronger before each battle. you may ask where you get the artifacts? well, there are several ways obtaining them via different in-game events: leaderboards (competitions among players), fights with global, local bosses and monsters. architecture and technology ether kingdoms based the blockchain technology, but not all its operations use the smart contract. you may ask why. this due the fact that the current ethereum infrastructure has number limitations, such low productivity and certain costs associated with each operation. this logical, the main concern blockchain the safety information, and not speedy transactions for free. came with solution ensure that the game fast and secure the same time. first, let describe the possible approaches blockchain-based game. complete implementation based the ethereum blockchain. the world-famous cryptokitties overloaded the ethereum blockchain numerous times during its peak popularity times, which raised the price transactions and slowed down their speed dramatically. it's unlikely that any player likes when this happens. additionally, erc token operations and imp erc token require much more gas than ether operations. were use ethereum for mining and battles, each transaction would cost the player thousand gas. possible solution plasma.io, but the time ether kingdoms was released, plasma.io was not yet finished. this why stepped away from this solution-- it's too expensive for the player, would not allow players enjoy quick pvp battles, and would overload the ethereum blockchain. implementation based alternative blockchains. also looked into nem/xem and stellar blockchain platforms the early stage development. however, these don't function with metamask and don't support erc standard analogs, which necessary for the artifacts. additionally, these blockchains don't have decentralized exchange and way giving liquidity the tokens timely manner, well present several issues with finding specialists work based them. thus, scratched out this option. implementation based our own blockchain. looked into this solution only hypothetically, would too expensive for our players and very time-consuming for develop. additionally, order create game based our own blockchain, would need attract additional investors either through ico ways venture funds. hybrid solution. this worked for and believe the best approach for the type project are creating! with hybrid solution, tokens are added the balance within the game's wallet, much like any exchange. metamask used log into the game and deposit/withdraw the tokens from the game. metamask also used verify all key actions the game, such sending imps battle. all other ingame operations are stored the server, which makes everything quick and free. such, balance reached between productivity, reliability and transparency. this why chose this option for ether kingdoms. mines and mining there are mines the game field. the beginning the game, only one mine available the player, but with each successfully passed level, new mines open for business. we'll talk about player level and how raise bit later. when the player reaches level all the kingdom's mines become available. each mine has its own level from which should not confused with the player's level. all mines have level when they open, which means that you can only send imps work it. the greater the mine level, the more imps you can send there. the more imps you have working the mine, the greater the number imp they can mine daily! it's the player's best interest upgrade the mine its greatest level, they can send many imps possible work it. for example, you send imps level mine, they will render imp per day. the table below has detailed information how this system works. mine level max number imps the mine necessary player level cost mine upgrade max daily full capacity imp imp imp before player reaches level (player level, not mine level), they will gradually open one mine after another the map their kingdom. after the player reaches level they will able start upgrading the mines themselves. the upgrade happens with each mine separately and costs small number imp. between player levels and the mines can upgraded level between player level and the mines are upgraded level after player reaches level the mines are upgraded level the main screen you will always see real-time information about how much your miner-imps are mining. it's obvious that the more mines you have, the more imps mine them, and the greater the level the mine, the greater your profit! besides, there are number artifacts that increase mining speed. it`s not possible buy these artifacts the game anymore: their emission finished, and now you can only find them opensea.io item exchange platform. november the game mining speed was decreased twofold. all the numbers stated the table are relevant now. battles against other players we've mentioned before, addition mining, your imps can fight other players' imps. why would you want send your imps battle? because you will receive experience points for each fight, and experience points help you grow, increasing the number the mines your kingdom and the imp tokens you can mine them. lvl exp lvl exp lvl exp lvl exp lvl exp lvl exp lvl exp lvl exp lvl exp lvl exp lvl exp lvl exp it's very easy send your imps battle, just click the crossed swords icon and specify how many imps you'd like dedicate the fight. the greater your level, the more imps you can send. the beginning levels, you can send more than later, this number grows then etc. the highest levels, you can send many imps battle. the fall introducev battle packages against other players--you just specify how many you are ready spend and start searching. the number fights and search time are adjusted automatically depending your bet. this allows each player increase their levels and take higher places leaderboards without wasting time waiting for opponent. opponent with similar level yours available you can always fight our bot, which mirror your own imp far characteristics are concerned, making your chances victory, defeat draw lean towards the proportion. you can always check relevant statistics regarding bot fights your individual stats page. levels will added later. the battle happens automatic mode just sit tight and watch video how imps attack each other funny squabble. fights are broken into rounds, with each round being exchange hits between your imps and the imps your opponent. the battle ends draw, each player leaves with what they came. someone wins, the winner takes portion the loser's imps (between and %). the game withholds commission for each battle. the higher the player's level, the stronger their imps become they get more health points (hp) and the amount damage they can cause goes up. with that, you can increase the characteristics your fighters equipping them with artifacts. but we'll talk more about this upcoming section. let's look the battle's algorithm step step: two players send imps each battle, the total prize pool imp. the game has commission the total pool imp). the remainder imp. the winner and the loser are determined, well the medium the prize pool. our example, it's imp divided the winnings and losses are determined between and the medium, which imp our case. let's say that this imp (*%). this case, the winner will get (+) and the loser will come back with imp (-). admit that the battles against bots aren't designed make money. due the even chances winning, losing and draw well the game's commission, it's unwise think you will make easy profit. bots are necessary quickly raise the player's experience level, which will turn give them more imps due the opening more mines and their upgrade. since experience points are given for each battle exp point for each imp you send battle), it's beneficial battle even you lose. equipment and artifacts the equipment window (imp icon) there for you see what battle characteristics your imps have and equip them with artifacts. the main characteristics are health, amount damage that can caused, protection, chances critical hit, dodging and additional attack. health and damage caused grow with your level, while the rest the characteristics can only changed with the artifacts (health and damage can, well). the rarest and coolest artifacts can drastically change the battle's outcome. for example, they can lower completely diminish your opponent's chances critical hit. reminder: battles against bots your chances winning losing tend lean towards the proportion, because the bot has the same characteristics you do. the issue with pvp and other pve elements, such fights with bosses and monsters different: here, artifacts directly influence your battle efficiency. artifacts can obtained different ways purchased the castle, won weekly leaderboards, received during special offers (regular, but limited time), received reward for killing bosses monsters bought the special exchange opensea.io. you received the artifact the game (for example, opened lootbox with one), you will see claim button under its image your equipment window. when you press the button, you will offered turn the artifact into erc token. doing will cost you some gas and the final price the artifact will reflected your metamask wallet. you will need some time after the transaction see the token your metamask. will still available the game, but the claim button will disappear, with the metamask button (head fox) replacing it. after this, you can anything you wish with the artifact token sell opensea, give friend, transfer another wallet, etc. the key feature the token this standard its unique and individual characteristics. will release limited number erc artifact tokens, after which they will free circulation within the ethereum blockchain. you can see the history each token (when appeared changed ownership, etc.) the blockchain itself. practically, such tokens aren't just beneficial the players, but are collectible items with unique properties within the ethereum blockchain. they will remain the blockchain long the block chain itself exists. you can use limited number artifacts your imp, and each them related specific slot: slot for the helmet slots for the weapon slots for the defense (shield) slot for the armor slots for additional objects slot for the pet (can taken battle) please note that there are different artifacts the game. for example, there are artifacts that can raise one parameter, but lower another. artifacts that can reloaded these have limited number uses, after which they need reloaded. you'll need imps and charge used only during pvp battles. tutorial mode and far realm the game has tutorial mode where you`ll receive virtual tokens. the mode starts automatically when you start playing and allows you reach level note that after level your virtual imps will disappear and you will able start playing using actual tokens. you want continue playing without investing money, follow our discord channel from time time host special offers there, which can help you earn some tokens fulfil offer requirements. the beginning big update was released, called far realm. this game mode players will fight for buildings that provide valuable bonuses, including mining bonus! start playing this mode you need use the portal. this way you can transfer some portion your free imps separate pool displayed the new game mode screen. you can return imps from the far realm any time pressing the corresponding button. all actions the far realm are performed squad imps. create the squad you have click any deployment tile use the "create squad" button. after the squad created, you can see its current stamina and squad size the status bar the lower portion the screen. using "reinforce" button you can add imps from the far realm pool, but you can only when the squad stands deployment tile. imp squad can attack any building any player soon reaches stamina goes down during the move. the fight shares the same principle the common fight, but your fighter will get stats bonus provided the buildings you own. damage and health both imps directly modified the difference the amount imps from each fighting side. item bonuses are applied usual. after building successfully captured, you can place the garrison secure the building. other players will have defeat capture the building. you just have select squad that stands the nearest tile, click the building and choose the amount imps you would like garrison. remember that can very dangerous travel the far realm you can come across terrible monsters any moment! this happens you have choose either run and lose all your stamina fight and get experience points and valuable reward you manage win. token distribution will release total million imp tokens. those, million will used finance the project development, million will used for airdrops and leaderboards, and million will available for mining. soon the token circulation reached million imp, cut half the speed token mining. all the players' wallets, exchanges and the game pool will considered when determining the total circulation, not including the imp that are dedicated project development. players mine imp actively, all million tokens will circulation september this time, will implement mechanism gradually burn the tokens minimize the supply and raise the token price. imp roadmap may release the mvp version (complete) make the mvp version openly available. list imp exchanges. first airdrop tokens. june-august main release (complete) introduction the erc tokens battle trophies that give game bonuses. such bonuses can modifiers the chance win, neutralizers such chances your opponent. start the mining campaigns. second round the airdrop another tokens. surprise update with pets for your imps. update the white paper according the changes made the game. release approximately types artifacts. third-fourth quarter set functional and contextual updates (complete) packaged pvp mode you can start several battles time against other players. the main victory determining factor will your imps' artifact equipment. expansion pvp interactions. over new artifacts, part which will have new abilities. local and global bosses-opponents. cutting the mining speed half. only best players will receive unique artifact that guarantees the maximum mining speed first quarter game content expansion (complete) new game mode far realm. unique skins and artifact sets. random encounter mechanics and monster fights far realm. option buy imps credit card. next exchange listing. second quarter high-level content artifact disenchantment mechanics. rune mechanics new artifact type, allowing usage special skills during battles. improving the far realm, adding new buildings. full-fledged in-game shop. pvp-mechanics improvement. third-fourth quarter further development plans announcement end mining, introduction token burn mechanics. huge announcement further development plans, project roadmap update. community driven development: your ideas our implementation! addition several features based the community's request. weekly in-game events. project`s further development plan well mobile app and clan wars release date will revealed third-fourth quarter our links contact ether kingdoms: https://twitter.com/imptoken https://discord.gg/xqrdrx https://t.me/imptoken_ru https://t.me/imptoken https://medium.com/@imptoken https://www.facebook.com/imptoken/ https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. https://www.reddit.com/r/imptoken/ ether kingdoms exchanges: https://www.livecoin.net https://mercatox.com/exchange/imp/btc https://ddex.io/trade/imp-weth https://www.bitfinex.com in-game statistics available here: https://game.imps.me/stats token metrics coinmarketcap artifact exchange: opensea.io