etxcoin@outlook.com november abstract purely peer-to-peer version electronic cash scalable and friendly use would allow online payments sent directly from one party another without going through financial institution. propose solution the scaling problem using the stellar consensus protocol (scp). the network itself requires too minimal structure and everyone without the needing mining infrastructure can participate and contribute the network. introduction blockchain offers innovative solution for safe and decentralized payment transfers. the cryptocurrencies developed with the aid blockchain technology have fairly revolutionized the way have been making transactions and has infused level security and transparency which otherwise regulated and controlled. ethereum, goes beyond being just platform for peer peer digital currency transfer and offers greater flexibility and wider application the blockchain technology through smart contracts. this has made one the most popular blockchain and has led exponentially increased traffic recent years its blockchain. with smart contract several other cryptocurrencies have been developed top ethereum's blockchain and lot businesses rely this technology for their business transactions and day day transfers.the major issue with these developments that has adversely affected the transaction processing speed the ethereum blockchain which turn poses viable that the scalability this technology. problems with ethereum ethereum and bitcoin use combination technical tricks and incentives ensure that they accurately record who owns what without central authority. the problem is, it's tricky preserve this balance while also growing the number users (especially the point where average people can use the system purchase coffee run applications). that's because ethereum depends network 'nodes', each which stores the entire ethereum transaction history and the current 'state' account balances, contracts and storage. this obviously cumbersome task, especially since the total number transactions increasing approximately every seconds with each new block. the worry that, developers raise the size each block fit more transactions, the data that node will need store will grow larger effectively kicking people off the network. each node grows large enough, only few large companies will have the resources run them. despite the inconvenience, running full node the best way for users take advantage privacy and security. making full nodes more difficult run would further limit the number people that can verify transactions themselves. other words, decentralization and scalability are currently odds, but developers are looking for ways around this. understanding ethereum issues understand the slow transaction speed ethereum blockchain important understand the concepts blockchain, mining and smart contract. blockchain decentralized ledger which records all transactions and stores blocks. once block full, creates new block. any user can get this ledger, verify, and read it. any computer computing device with this ledger referred the node. whenever new transaction occurs the blockchain any node sends updated blockchain other nodes for verification according the rules defined smart contract. this process crosschecking blockchains, verifying the transaction and finding new block for the blockchain referred mining and machines that this work are called miners. not possible transfer any coin safely, efficiently, and cheaply without having large number miners dedicated for that coin. important incentivize mining cryptocurrencies ensure large number people mine otherwise any corporation with large number mining machines can corrupt the blockchain. achieve this goal miners are provided with small fraction coin for every transaction verifications done them and for playing their rule solve mathematical equation find new block the blockchain. the value incentive received miners depends several factors including value the coin, number unlock coins, total number miners, total number transactions per second and nature smart contract. transaction processing speed comparison aided the blockchain technology number cryptocurrencies are exchanging ownership the market. estimates say that there are over cryptocurrencies which are exchanging ownership popular crypto exchanges and more are use for range purposes. given the nature cryptocurrencies and the fact that anonymity the key attribute not possible have exact figure. apart from making decentralized currency and ensuring secure transactions one the most important feature which often talked about relation cryptocurrencies fast transactions. however, the fact that general compare the transaction speeds that offered existing transaction mechanisms (visa, paypal that facilitate transactions for fiat currencies see that practicality none the cryptocurrencies are even close their transaction processing speeds. while visa can process transactions per second and paypal can process about transactions per second, the most popular cryptocurrency bitcoin processes only transactions per second average. though bitcoin cash has shown process transactions per second still very slow when compared visa paypal. address the issue slow transaction speeds and make crypto transactions quicker ripple the only blockchain based currency with decent transaction speed which they claim transactions per second. "this makes ripple second only visa (popular peer peer transfer) terms transaction speed ripple proves faster than paypal over paypal with million active users still the most popular peer peer fund transfer service provider." but then amidst all the cryptocurrencies ethereum relatively very slow with transaction speed only transactions per second. though ethereum outperforms bitcoin transaction speeds and was developed with claim offer better transaction speeds than that bitcoins, with growing congestion the ethereum's blockchain has failed keep the higher transaction speeds. often, the transactions are not processed and takes hours get verified. conclusion blockchain technology can play significant role disrupting the fin-tech industry, the way make transactions and ethereum particular provides host opportunities with its applications. however, the slow transaction speed which largely due the processes involved functioning ethereum's blockchain while ensuring the decentralized nature the platform major issue that has identified the core. with cryptocurrencies gaining popularity amongst individual and group investors the traffic and congestion ethereum's blockchain will further increase. also, with smart contracts startups and businesses are creating their own tokens raise funds through their icos. this calls for faster transaction verification and processing make the blockchain and businesses relying the technology scalable and sustainable. while some research and innovative solution this crisis convincing yet thoroughly tested. further research required explore the possibilities and performance the proposed solutions. ethereum solution implementing stellar lumens technology make easy move digital assets around the world, quickly, reliably and also empowering the true vision satoshi's. propose peer-to-peer network using scp record public history transactions with limited supply million coins existence ever. our aim provide global solution the bitcoin scalability issues. ebtc was trying before but launching their token over ethereum they will find also several scalability troubles. offer the community who once believes the satoshi's vision the following advantages: worldwide transactions moving money across borders quickly, reliably, and for fractions penny never has been too easy. with ethereum now can connect banks, making payments and trusting people all over the world without worrying about double spending issues. powered stellar lumens while bitcoin and ethereum are facing large scalability issues stellar came across with solution triggering one the most impressive growing the blockchain industry. with the stellar consensus protocol (scp) ethereum can acomplish the satoshi's vision scalable and futuristic view. fast transactions over the stellar network happens the fastest transactions ever build the blockchain. seconds and your payment will your wallet. transaction the network consists one more operations. payments, offers, and fees are all examples operations that could make single transaction. small cost fee too many transactions are submitted, nodes propose the transactions with the highest fees for the ledger's transaction set. the consequence just xlm fee the overall network. less than both ethereum and bitcoin and with also much better transaction speed. secure payments stellar uses industry-standard public-key cryptography tools and techniques, which means the code well tested and well understood. all transactions the network are public, which means the movement funds can always audited. each transaction signed whomever sent using the algorithm. solving scalability issues conservative estimate ethereum processing rate operations per second. the distributed stellar network made servers running the stellar core software. stellar core maintains local copy the network ledger, communicating and staying sync with other instances stellar core the network. coin distribution total there will coins created. coins for community token sale and coins will locked for development purposes. also coins will assigned for bounties. the token sale price will xlm etx. public wallets believe the need transparency and trust the global network provide the wallets. the one with ninety million coins for the community token sale, the one with the five million coins for the bounty and the final wallet with the five million coins for the development purposes are displayed here: community token sale: gdqwdrwckgvzkcpcypdpuhyyzctgqgouhqoehwkyvizkou bounty campaigns: gajzvtkzbdnfuyyhwgznaygdbdfciefndpgirepzehnwgcyy dev funds: gdhwsswqwoclpbygmngtszdfafwjiccoafuesdatpxoexfcdy token sale token sale will available through stellarport.io stellar decentralized exchange.