ether legends and the elementeum token white paper contents abstract marketing licensing app token gameplay and ecosystem technical platform design roadmap team "ownership digital content belongs the player." abstract ether legends(tm) ("etherlegends.io") groundbreaking decentralized digital collectible trading card game that seamlessly connects physical trading cards and more the ethereum platform. focused the merging digital and physical assets, players test their skill and compete online matches while earning rewards and giving players digital ownership in-game content secured the blockchain. controlling attributes and abilities digital characters, players battle one another worldwide using online game client. elementeum (elet the erc- token that drives the ether legends digital ecosystem. players use elementeum during match play and conduct transactions the ether legends(tm) marketplace. ether legends and the elementeum token autonomous ether legends(tm) innovations allow skill based competition take place independent middlemen, with central controlling authority. the cryptocurrency platform, ethereum allows for the creation smart contracts that run business logic autonomously the blockchain. smart contracts can used for fast, secure and reliable processing game results and rewards. unlike existing games, all ether legends(tm) transactions are publicly verifiable, viewable, counterfeit resistant, and not subject the risk institutional processing. "all transactions are publicly verifiable, viewable, counterfeit resistant and not subject the risk institutional processing." decentralized traditional online businesses with centralized structures are subject hacking, strict financial regulations, and onerous overhead costs. peer peer ("pp") decentralization enables skill based competition and results verification without reliance payment processors and eases operational regulatory burdens, protecting against organizational corruption such fraud and embezzlement. leveraging the ethereum blockchain, all ether legends(tm) transactions are publicly verifiable and viewable all. copyright elementeum games, llc ether legends and the elementeum token fully automated game software and the implementation smart contracts provide the ability record game results, receive/trade digital items and accept rewards within the ether legends(tm) gaming interface. players are automatically rewarded via smart contracts. smart contracts automate the purchase, sale and trading process through the ether legends(tm) marketplace. game transactional data and digital game assets game transactional data (gtd) becomes part the verifiable blockchain through utilization smart contracts. gtd includes winloss records, rewards obtained, redemption assets, token transactions, and wallet balances. digital game assets (dga) are in-game digital content linked players' wallet addresses that player's own, secured the blockchain. dgas can purchased, traded, sold through the ether legends(tm) marketplace and viewed your personal sky box (see sky box section for more details). dgas may exchanged between wallets that support erc- and/or erc- tokens. dgas give players true, immutable digital ownership in-game content that cannot duplicated. dgas are obtained several ways, not limited the following: physical collectible trading cards. players redeem physical trading cards, registering ownership the ethereum network. digital collectible trading cards. players buy, sell and trade digital assets the ether legends(tm) marketplace. in-game rewards. players are rewarded with digital assets for winning competitive matches. physical trading cards include codes that facilitate redemption the blockchain. each physical card may redeemed only once. external exchange the team actively working with number exchanges allow trade our game token and digital assets. anticipated available one more exchanges upon conclusion the token sale. copyright elementeum gaming, llc primary: back trading card showing redemption "digital assets can traded, viewed and sold through the ether legends marketplace." alternate: back trading card showing redemption "trading cards can only redeemed one time the blockchain not duplicated, ever." ether legends and the elementeum token market and feasibility collectible card games are here stay. the blue-chip genre will earn billion across digital and physical. while physical still dominates the market, digital collectible card games (ccgs) have been bolstered major new entrants, including hearthstone: heroes warcraft. more than million people play digital ccgs worldwide, accounting for million digital ccg revenue for asia alone (e). asia has the highest number digital ccg players million, about the number physical players.) players who bought booster packs and other ccg in-app purchases spent average annually. digital ccg players use multiple platforms play their games, and all players spend more year, making them the "whales" the digital ccg world. figure super data ratio digital vs. physical revenue market share opportunity and feasibility the global digital ccg market growing prodigiously, with +.% compound annual growth rate (cagr). digital ccg expected exceed $.b and $.b global revenue. based the figure $.b (digital ccg only), market capture merely would yield estimated $,, annual revenue for ether legends(tm). booster pack and in-app purchases strengthen revenue opportunities. figure super data ratio digital vs. physical market share shown figure the market share between digital and physical revenue allocation shows opportunity both markets with continual growth. figure shows continued growth the digital revenue stream relative total ccg revenue. figure shows the audience market ratio players figure super data ratio digital vs. physical audience (players copyright elementeum games, llc ether legends and the elementeum token playerbase feasibility current estimated daily players volume major market ccg's (digital and physical) based data magic the gathering players league legends players hearthstone players dota players pokemon players total (+/- players major market ccg (digital and physical) projected playerbase for ether legends(tm) players year one (.% total playerbase) players year two (estimated growth factors applied) players year three (estimated growth factors applied) players year four (estimated growth factors applied) players year five (estimated growth factors applied) anticipated future revenue (full year release) projected revenue from competitive gameplay roughly total playerbase players daily players play game daily games average stake per game $,, ether legends(tm) fee .%? $,, projected annual revenue from gameplay days $,, projected revenue from in-app purchases roughly annually the playerbase players projected annual revenue from in-app purchases players $,, projected total annual revenue for $,, copyright elementeum gaming, llc ether legends and the elementeum token figure ether legends annual revenue projections years) figure total annual revenue for the next years shown based the assumptions and calculations provided herein. the problem existing centralized solutions place consumers risk. players' centralized accounts and deposits are subject hacking, embezzlement, even confiscation with little recourse for those affected. the solution ether legends(tm) the first ethereum-based decentralized gaming platform built specifically give trading card game enthusiasts fun, seamless experience while protecting player ownership dgas. smart contracts the ethereum network allow ether legends(tm) operate unique way that has never existed before. participants completely control their funds and dgas while using the secure ether legends(tm) user interface. reward payouts are made accordance with the rules ether legends(tm) smart contracts. this decentralized model reduces transaction and other operating costs, amounting savings that are passed the consumer and adding value that competitors cannot provide. future vision ether legends(tm) aims the preferred blockchain digital collectible trading card game and gaming platform, shaping the future blockchain gaming projects. the initial focus the ether legends(tm) project digital rewards, content, transactions and integration blockchain features for the ether legends(tm) digital gaming platform. ultimately, ether legends(tm) will leading brand competitive blockchain digital ccg gameplay. ether legends(tm) will the first many amazing games powered elet the ecosystem currency. ether legends(tm) will also work with other blockchain developers, forging relationships enhance security, utility, automation, and the gaming experience for all players. the in-app digital wallet will support any erc standard based token with the ability store, send, receive and view digital assets through graphical user interface. the ether legends(tm) team aims follow the example set the openzeppelin project creating high-quality, open-source, reusable package smart contracts that can serve the foundation for other trading card projects. doing will encourage higher level participation all parties' platforms for standardization, toolsets and bring cryptocurrencies and decentralized applications one step closer mainstream. copyright elementeum games, llc ether legends and the elementeum token licensing due transparent nature smart contracts, much the intellectual property will open source. the ether legends(tm) team will release fully open-source api core solidity smart contracts that may used the foundation for other digital trading card games. app token the ether legends(tm) gaming platform driven elementeum (elet), essential component the ether legends(tm) ecosystem. major functions that require the use elet include: playing matches tournaments hosting matches tournaments "it's more than game, it's gaming platform." claiming rewards ether legends(tm) marketplace transactions bounty for continued development and design token acquisition during the elementeum token presale, users may send ether (eth) the elementeum sale smart contract the ethereum blockchain. exchange, wallet addresses from which eth was received are immediately provided with quantity elet based the sale exchange rate. after the release the ether legends(tm) beta, elet may acquired either using the ether legends(tm) user interface, exchanging assets with other players, winning competitive matches against players claiming rewards. additional option, the ether legends(tm) interface integrates third party trading solutions such shapeshift and coinbase allow users who don't own eth purchase elet. token growth and utilization the long-term vision for the ether legends(tm) ecosystem extends beyond the marketplace. the ether legends(tm) team will work towards making elet redeemable for goods and services within partnered networks retailers, games, dapps and more. the team not stopping there. ether legends(tm) aims proactive cultivating partnerships with complementary projects game studios. it's more than game, it's gaming platform where any amount games could exist. copyright elementeum gaming, llc "smart contract design ether legends has enabled endless scalability" ether legends and the elementeum token token presale the first opportunity obtain elet during the elementeum token presale, during which time elet available for purchase discounted rate. purchase elet tokens, users send eth from their ethereum wallet addresses the address the token sale smart contract. all participating wallet addresses will automatically receive limited edition digital trading card shortly before upon release the ether legends(tm) beta. the token presale will occur several phases, outlined the following table (all phase begin gmt and end gmt). the quantity tokens capped ,,. the total supply elet will never exceed this quantity. this amount, tokens are publicly available during the presale. should the public allocation sell out the token presale ends, and further purchases may made. ensure that many users have the opportunity obtain elet, contributing user may use single ethereum wallet address contribute less than eth more than eth. the presale smart contract tracks the cumulative total contribution and rejects any contribution made outside this range. should the token presale fail raise minimum eth, the presale smart contract automatically enables refunds that users may claim upon completion the presale. figure token distribution phase quintessence fire water air earth final week total dates feb. feb. mar. mar. mar. mar. mar. mar. mar. mar. mar. apr. feb. apr. purchase rate elet eth duration days elet eth days elet eth days elet eth days elet eth days elet eth days *sale dates are approximate days the remaining elet, half (or the total supply) are allocated co-founding members the ether legends(tm) team, and half are allocated operations accounts. this private supply elet earmarked pay for promotions, in-game rewards, marketing and other operational costs, and bounties for contributors the ether legends(tm) platform. the token presale allocation and the operational funding allocation are shown figures respectively. figure funding allocation copyright elementeum games, llc ether legends and the elementeum token gameplay and ecosystem the unique design features the ether legends(tm) ecosystem and gaming platform are purpose-built create fun, engaging experience for players. elet deeply tied game play and the ether legends(tm) marketplace form currency for transactions, requirement for participation competitive match and tournament play, and means claim bonus rewards. global ranking and achievements the publicly viewable ether legends(tm) global ranking system and leader board shows players where they stand and encourages worldwide competition. bonus rewards and accomplishments including, but not limited special visual accessories and badges incentivize players complete in-game achievements. all achievements and accessories player has earned are visually represented the player's customizable ether legends "sky box," your portal the marketplace. matchmaking ranking, item level and gained experience player's matchmaking ranking (mmr) combination character level (clvl) and item level (ilvl) score and determined the attributes characters and items the player takes into the arena. clvl and ilvl ranges are predetermined using mathematical formulas. because mmr largely determined the clvl and ilvl assets used during individual matches, players have the opportunity play against others varying skill levels way that balanced and fair. win lose, players gain experience, though winning provides experience increased rate. players choose how they allocate experience character cards when creating joining matches, allowing limitless combinations clvl. ether legends(tm) unique because experience stored the blockchain digital assets players own. ownership experience tied players instead characters allows the purchase, sale trade experience and most importantly, prevents loss experience when players change characters. copyright elementeum gaming, llc "experience digital asset, earned and owned players." ether legends and the elementeum token playing matches players use the web-based ether legends(tm) user interface create join matches and tournaments. match settings are stored the ethereum blockchain using smart contracts. addition playercreated matches and tournaments, ether legends(tm) maintains large pool quick-play matches and tournaments, ensuring that players can always find game. enter the arena, players must pay the entry fee set the creator each match tournament. addition other bonuses, winners are rewarded with the combined elet total paid each player. maintain balance and fairness, the mmrs match participants must comparable, rule enforced smart contracts. play fastpaced and should take about minutes per game based prototype game play. copyright elementeum games, llc ether legends and the elementeum token ether legends game basis the initial release the ether legends(tm) trading card game includes five elemental card types, each which has specific abilities, vulnerabilities, attacks and defenses. those elements are: quintessence, fire, water, earth, and air. scalable game design makes for different levels dynamic game play. its most basic level, players can find in-depth strategy and optionally add item cards create additional depth, keeping the game intriguing and exciting matter the player's age skill level. this forethought and consideration separates ether legends from other games, creating limitless possibilities for future expansions that will continue enhance the game play experience for all players. ether legends(tm) trading cards are visually distinct from other games. whereas most games feature dark, realistic, mature style, ether legends(tm) cards are embellished, lighthearted, and humorous creating fun and dramatic flair suitable for all ages and contributing emotional connection between players and the game. this fun style prominently featured throughout the ether legends gaming interface, especially the players' personal sky box which can customized each player's liking with digital assets and purchasable skins. copyright elementeum gaming, llc ether legends and the elementeum token character cards start level and players apply experience they earn and own cards during match play creation achieve new levels and additional power. character cards have base attributes that give the character virtual hit points, defense, strike, evasion, healing and rate effectivity. higher levels, players allocate additional points these categories based their desired playing style and strategy. furthermore, each character card has unique special ability, creating strategic advantages disadvantages based other cards play. legendary character cards are more difficult obtain, and have additional special features that make them more strategically desirable. the first release will include roughly twenty unique character cards for each elemental type and twenty legendary cards. the first set for glory and treasure features theme beasts and men, each which has been masterfully illustrated and stands its own work art. dynamic rewards rewards come two forms: in-game content items such item cards that boost character attributes and items used customize sky box appearances. the reward pool elementeum (elet) payable the winner, once winner confirmed through smart contract rules. ether legends digital trading card game "any player may host, create join tournament play and set specific criteria for allowed entry and rewards." hosting tournaments another utility elet and the game interface the ability initiate tournaments the platform. tournaments can competitive matches between individuals teams. these tournaments can array prearranged matches handled the same smart contract mechanism. the elet tournament creation function will one the main pillars the ether legends(tm) ecosystem. any player may host, create join tournament play and set specific criteria for allowed entry and rewards. technical platform design ether legends physical trading card game application ui/ux built the ethereum platform, the ether legends(tm) platform provides distributed environment where players compete with one another and win elementeum tokens and digital asset rewards when played online. ether legends(tm) creates amazing user experience (ux) with easy-tonavigate user interface that serves one-stop shop for game play, viewing digital assets and achievements, and participation dynamic marketplace. ether legends(tm) integrates wallet with built-in erc- and erc- compatibility. the ui/ux does not require registration, your wallet address creates your account and your sky box. copyright elementeum games, llc "erc- and erc- compatibility leave the door open for gaming platform collaboration." ether legends and the elementeum token sky box you get have your own box seat the arena. the sky box, your avatar portrays your online presence and virtual seat the arena. within the sky box your personal avatar, champions, trophies, and assets are viewable the world manner customizable you. consider your sky box your store front interface the ether legends(tm) marketplace. others can view and offer trade, buy sell through the sky box the user control within the ether legends(tm) marketplace. digital assets expand far beyond game play with enhanced visualization features. additional items that may used customize your sky box are also available through the ether legends(tm) marketplace. features available the user panel include: basic account information (wallet and sky box) game assets (icons, cards, badges, experience, elementeum) marketplace (exchange digital goods) available matches (matches) recent matches and achievements (results viewable through the sky box) take ownership your seat the arena access the ether legends marketplace view cards, gear and appearances initiate trade and commerce customize your sky box view global rankings and achievements get avatars, companions, decor and more! unlock rewards for stunning visual features copyright elementeum gaming, llc ether legends and the elementeum token wallet with built-in erc- and erc- support integral part the interface, allowing you exchange game tokens and digital assets. additionally, player does not have elet eth, supported currencies can exchanged using shapeshift using reputable currency exchanges (like coinbase) which will likely embedded into the ether legends(tm) user interface. the ether legends(tm) team strives make this aspect seamless and easy use possible enhance the user's experience. app availability game play and matches must easy for users create join, making essential provide the interface both web and mobile platforms. ether legends(tm) will incorporate cross-platform framework such meteor reduce redundant work specific operating system focused development. meteor popular framework that allows you create reactive web-based applications with web technologies such javascript, html, and css. meteor applications may run distributed applications (dapps) when hosted environment such ipfs. this type framework will enable the team focus the core ether legends(tm) business and game play features with ease portability other application platforms. app architecture the user interface will single page app with multiple tabs, web and mobile based. the interface will allow the user import create new ethereum address. the user encouraged write down the ethereum account and private key backup. order attract new users who aren't familiar with ethereum, ether legends(tm) will officially support metamask, chrome plugin that simplifies the process getting ethereum account and allows users avoid running ethereum node locally. ether legends(tm) will store certain important information related its kyc /aml operation centralized database. user funds and game information will always stored the ethereum blockchain, outside ether legends(tm) control. ether legends(tm) will maintain server monitor the ethereum events being emitted the smart contracts via geth. this server will keep track statistics (top payouts, players, etc.) that can viewed from the application without having heavy blockchain calls. know your customer (kyc) the process business verifying the identity its clients. the term also used refer the bank regulation which governs these activities. anti-money laundering (aml) set procedures, laws regulations designed stop the practice generating income through illegal actions. security audit security the utmost importance the ether legends(tm). ensure safety customer funds and digital assets held smart contracts, ether legends(tm) smart contracts will built top the openzeppelin project. furthermore, the ether legends(tm) team commits subjecting its platform comprehensive security audits before launching the ethereum mainnet. the past, ethereum related projects have hired security consultants conduct security audits prior launch. ether legends(tm) will the same with each updated version the platform and will release the results prior launch. copyright elementeum games, llc ether legends and the elementeum token roadmap copyright elementeum gaming, llc ether legends and the elementeum token the team experience, traction and control core team members are proficient multiple skills related business and software development: blockchain, graphic art and game design, business start-up, management and operations. members the ether legends(tm) business team have expertise multiple areas including compliance, business development, program management, contract administration, sales, marketing and product branding. addition, members the team have prior experience managing startup companies and/or have worked for large corporations high-level positions, managing program portfolios more than $,, annually. members the development team have experience working open source projects, open architecture systems, game design, complex framework development, smart contracts using solidity, blockchain, openzeppelin, simulation development and gaming industry projects. masking team personnel requested and necessary based honoring specific confidentiality, non-disclosure agreements and privacy. copyright elementeum games, llc ether legends and the elementeum token disclaimer not offer solicit securities and risks associated with elementeum (elet) and the ether legends(tm) network last updated december th, this document for informational purposes only and does not constitute offer solicitation sell shares securities ether legends(tm), elementeum games, llc any related associated company. any such offer solicitation will made only means confidential offering memorandum and accordance with the terms all applicable securities and other laws. none the information analyses presented are intended form the basis for any investment decision, and specific recommendations are intended. accordingly this document does not constitute investment advice counsel solicitation for investment any security. this document does not constitute form part of, and should not construed as, any offer for sale subscription of, any invitation offer buy subscribe for, any securities, nor should any part form the basis of, relied any connection with, any contract commitment whatsoever. ether legends(tm) expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any direct consequential loss damage any kind whatsoever arising directly indirectly from: (i) reliance any information contained this document, (ii) any error, omission inaccuracy any such information (iii) any action resulting therefrom. elementeum token, "elet", cryptographic utility token used the ether legends(tm) network. elet not cryptocurrency. the time this writing, elet (i) cannot exchanged for goods services, (ii) has known uses outside the ether legends(tm) network, and (iii) cannot traded any known exchanges. elet not investment. there guarantee indeed there reason believe that the elet you purchase will increase value. may and probably will some point decrease value. elet not evidence ownership right control. controlling elet does not grant its controller ownership equity ether legends(tm), the ether legends(tm) network. elet does not grant any right participate the control the direction decision making ether legends(tm) the ether legends(tm) network. risk losing access elet due loss credentials the purchaser's elet may associated with ethereum address originated through the smart contract once the game client deployed installed, will require user credentials access the game client wallet. the loss these credentials will result the loss elet. best practices dictate that purchasers safely store credentials one more backup locations geographically separated from the working location. risks associated with the ethereum protocol elet and the ether legends(tm) network are based upon the ethereum protocol. such, any malfunction, unintended function unexpected functioning the ethereum protocol may cause the ether legends(tm) network elet malfunction function unexpected unintended manner. ether, the native unit account the ethereum protocol may itself lose value ways copyright elementeum gaming, llc ether legends and the elementeum token similar elet, and also other ways. more information about the ethereum protocol available http://www.ethereum.org. risks associated with game play the purchaser may lose elet losing skill-based match. risks associated with purchaser credentials any third party that gains access the purchaser's login credentials private keys may able dispose the purchaser's elet. minimize this risk, the purchaser should guard against unauthorized access their electronic devices. risk unfavorable regulatory action one more jurisdictions blockchain technologies have been the subject scrutiny various regulatory bodies around the world. the functioning the ether legends(tm) network and elet could impacted one more regulatory inquiries actions, including but not limited restrictions the use possession digital tokens like elet, which could impede limit the development the ether legends(tm) network. risk insufficient interest the ether legends(tm) network distributed applications possible that the ether legends(tm) network will not used large number businesses, individuals, and other organizations and that there will limited public interest the creation and development distributed applications. such lack interest could impact the development the ether legends(tm) network and therefore the potential uses value elet. risk that the ether legends(tm) network, developed, will not meet the expectations purchaser the ether legends(tm) network presently under development and may undergo significant changes before release. any expectations regarding the form and functionality elet the ether legends(tm) network held the purchaser may not met upon release, for any number reasons including change the design and implementation plans and execution the ether legends(tm) network. risk theft and hacking hackers other groups organizations may attempt interfere with the ether legends(tm) network the availability elet any number ways, including without limitation denial service attacks, sybil attacks, spoofing, smurfing, malware attacks, consensus based attacks. risk security weaknesses the ether legends(tm) network core infrastructure software the ether legends(tm) network consists opensource software that itself based opensource software. there risk that the ether legends(tm) team, other third parties may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses bugs into the core infrastructural elements the ether legends(tm) network interfering with the use causing the loss elet. copyright elementeum games, llc ether legends and the elementeum token risk weaknesses exploitable breakthroughs the field cryptography advances cryptography, technical advances such the development quantum computers, could present risks cryptocurrencies and the ethereum platform, which could result the theft loss elet. risk ethereum mining attacks with other decentralized cryptographic tokens and cryptocurrencies, the blockchain used for the ether legends(tm) network susceptible mining attacks, including but not limited to: double spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, "selfishmining" attacks, and race condition attacks. any successful attacks present risk the ether legends(tm) network, expected proper execution and sequencing ether legends(tm) markets, and expected proper execution and sequencing ethereum contract computations. despite the efforts the ether legends(tm) team, the risk known novel mining attacks exists. risk lack adoption use the ether legends(tm) network while elet should not viewed investment, may have value over time. that value may limited the ether legends(tm) network lacks use and adoption. this becomes the case, there may few markets upon the launch the platform, limiting the value elet. risk illiquid market for elet there are currently exchanges upon which elet might trade. ever exchanges develop, they will likely relatively new and subject poorly understood regulatory oversight. they may therefore more exposed fraud and failure than established, regulated exchanges for other products. the extent that the exchanges representing substantial portion the volume elet trading are involved fraud experience security failures other operational issues, such exchanges' failures may result reduction the value liquidity elet. risk uninsured losses unlike bank accounts accounts some other financial institutions, funds held using the ether legends(tm) ethereum network are generally uninsured. the event loss loss value, there public insurer, such the f.d.i.c., private insurer, offer recourse the purchaser. risk dissolution the ether legends(tm) project possible that, due any number reasons, including without limitation unfavorable fluctuation the value bitcoin, unfavorable fluctuation the value elet, the failure business relationships, competing intellectual property claims, the ether legends(tm) project may longer viable business and may dissolve fail launch. risk malfunction the ether legends(tm) network possible that the ether legends(tm) network malfunctions unfavorable way, including but not limited one that result the loss elet, information concerning market. copyright elementeum gaming, llc ether legends and the elementeum token unanticipated risks cryptocurrency and cryptographic tokens are new and untested technology. addition the risks set forth here, there are risks that the ether legends(tm) team cannot anticipate. risks may further materialize unanticipated combinations variations the risks set forth here. copyright elementeum games, llc