ether joy entertainment the brand new engine for blockchain promotion (please check version the official website) https://www.ejoy.world white paper table contents abstract...................................................................................................................... background.............................................................................................................. insufficient new users................................................................................ difficulty attracting active and massive users............................... difficult retaining active users, daily volume.................................. project innovation (solution)............................................................................... billions game users enter digital currency market.......................... revitalize inactive candy users............................................................... convert massive active users.................................................................. increase trading volume, daily active user and retention rate........ mission and vision.................................................................................................. overview product.............................................................................................. ether joy token....................................................................................... ether joy game client........................................................................... ether joy dapp..................................................................................... blockchain game transformation system......................................... introduction token........................................................................................ ejoy token acquisition and platform reward.................................... ejoy consumption and exchange scenario...................................... introduction technology................................................................................. ether joy dapp..................................................................................... ether joy artificial intelligence......................................................... blockchain game transformation system....................................... progress update major projects.................................................................. ether joy agenda................................................................................. ether joy development plan............................................................. ejoy token crowdfunding plan...................................................................... ejoy token crowdfunding and reward............................................... ejoy token allocation.............................................................................. capital budget............................................................................................ ether joy value foundation and its composition................................. core management team ether joy value foundation..................... core management team.......................................................................... consultant team.............................................................................................. cornerstone investment and cooperative companies............................. risk factors.......................................................................................................... abstract ether joy brand new engine for blockchain marketing and promotion. ether joy takes entertainment games its starting point, aims attract billions players into the blockchain economy. ether joy integrates artificial intelligence technology that can accurately convert massive game users blockchain participants. can also help the digital currency exchange gain more active users. according the statistics from newzoo's global game market report, there were billion gamers globally, counted for about one-third the global population. among them, that is, about billion players participated online games, and spent about billion dollars online gaming. such large number gamers constitute valuable user pool for the blockchain economy. ether joy works with game manufactures reconstruct classic video games with blockchain tokens and blockchain reward systems. game gamers can attracted play, and then converted participate the blockchain economy. background insufficient new users since january the digital currency market has gradually entered bear market, and large number users high net assets are wait-and-see state. the growth rate new users greatly reduced, old users slowing down. the vitality digital currency market reduced. difficulty getting active and massive users the existing blockchain promotion channels cannot effectively obtain large number active users. blockchain media promotion has low traffic, few users, and high costs. the blockchain projects lack effective promotion programs and channels. the traditional methods such advertorial and airdrop cannot bring hotspot effects and cost-effective results. decrease daily active traffic, user retention rate and trading volume the digital currency trading market gradually enters bear market, which causes large number users become inactive. how activate these inactive users for digital currency exchanges, increase active traffic, user retention rates, and trading volume has become top priority for many the blockchain business. innovation (solution) response the above blockchain industry difficulties, ether joy proposes the following innovative solutions: billions game users enter digital currency market the global traditional game industry has billion user stocks and billion paid users. these users are the similar demographic group the digital currency participates terms age structure, consumption habits, and acceptance new trends. believe that these billions game players can also potential digital currency participants. millions prizes attract new users ether joy often holds the organizer's title game competition and can attract large number new users enter the market through million-dollar grand prize and awards for everyone, which can add new blood the digital currency market. billions game players enter digital currency markets ether joy makes use strong game project carry out the block chain transformation traditional large-scale games and attracts billions traditional game players into ether joy convert new blood into the digital currency world. global game consumption reached billion, the introduction billions game players into ether joy has opened potential market billions dollars for the digital currency market. revitalize inactive candy users blockchain projects use the traditional "free gift giveaway" its promotion method. order obtain active fans the beginning, project teams usually give out candy (tokens) the way airdrops. the value airdropped candy received participants small; these participants often lack the will engage the future marketing activities. ether joy plans change this activating candy users doing the following: online games, players can win big rewards. blockchain technology can integrated large online games. players can use tokens trade equipment, upgrade their profile and purchase value-added services. gamers become new participants the blockchain business, through and data technology and participants will further analyzed for marketing purposes for future blockchain projects and even digital currency exchanges. convert massive active fans participants. ether joy takes the online video games, for example car rally game, starting point form systematic promotion program convert massive active game players become blockchain participants. details are follows: combination online and offline activities: online tailor-made rally million prize competitions for the blockchain project; offline large-screen scanning code the blockchain project event site, increase awareness for the project and effectively obtain massive active users combination user activities and social-media: the creation news hotspots through the million awards event makes easy for social media form viral spreads. the same time, news spreads increase the liveliness online activities and accurately attract massive active users for future blockchain project. precise promotion blockchain projects: ejoy users are also gamers, possible accurately analyze massive gamer pool for blockchain game projects for future promotion and marketing purposes. increase trading volume, daily active user and retention rate increase the total trading volume, daily active users and retention rate exchanges the blockchain marketing activity can attract large pool user the digital currency exchange. one activity, ether joy can convert thousands active gamers blockchain users. therefore, blockchain projects promotions can bring active users the exchanges which they list on. the same time, will also increase daily active users and retention rate, and also increase the trading volume the exchanges. improve trading volume ranking and brand image exchanges the most important consideration evaluating the rankings and brand image the current exchange the trading volume. ether joy provides active users for the project party, virtually increasing the total trading volume exchanges, and increasing the ranking and brand image the exchanges. mission and vision ether joy committed becoming the world's first entertainment-based blockchain promotion engine. the goal help blockchain projects gain rapid access massive potential gamer pool, increase users awareness and retention, and enhance the brand image the project the same time, ether joy will implement the latest blockchain technologies help the traditional game companies with these technologies. and also ether joy will introduce billions game users the world blockchain through online games. overview product ether joy token the ether joy token (referred ejoy) the ether joy infrastructure. can only used within the ether joy system and the exchange unit for valuable products services. ejoy tokens are non-refundable utility tokens used exchange units between participants. ejoy non-refundable utility functional token that will used exchange unit between participants ether joy entertainment and games platform. ejoy does not any way represent any equity, participation, rights, title interest the foundation its affiliates any other company business. ejoy also does not authorize any holder bear any costs enjoy any income, profit investment return. ejoy does not constitute any security any relevant jurisdiction any sovereign country region. ejoy can only used ether joy entertainment and games platform. the owner ejoy does not have any expressed implied rights except purchase valuable products services. announcements the purchase ejoy token: ejoy token non-refundable and cannot exchanged for cash (or any other equivalent virtual currency) any payment obligation the foundation any branch; ejoy token does not represent grant any right the relevant foundation (or any its affiliates) any form income assets, including but not limited any rights future earnings, stocks, equities shares, portions guarantees, any voting, distribution, redemption, liquidation, ownership (including all forms intellectual property) other financial legal rights equivalent rights, intellectual property rights any other form participation involvement ether joy entertainment and games platform, the foundation and service providers; ejoy token does not represent any currency (including electronic money), securities, commodities, bonds, debt instruments any other kind financial instrument investment; ejoy token does not represent loan the foundation any its affiliates the debt owed the foundation any its affiliates; nor does expect any profit; and ejoy token does not provide any title other interest the foundation any its affiliates. ejoy's exchange value does increase the secondary market exchange, will completely independent the foundation's operations, the sales ejoy and ether joy entertainment and games platform. the foundation will not create such secondary market, nor will become ejoy exchange. .ether joy game client the ether joy client (end user) mainly focuses the mobile phone and the pc. according the type games, the following classifications are made: recreational games (classic games) ether joy collects together hundreds popular classic games the market, allowing the organizers organize various grand prix competitions according different themes. users can login ether joy via smartphones and computers participate game activities. the categories recreational sports games are follows: competitive games holiday theme games sharing games universal games blockchain games ether joy encourages blockchain technology developers develop variety interactive games, such simulation, sandbox, role-playing, action, adventure, strategy, fighting, shooting and other games and then release them the ether joy system for user entertainment. ether joy establishes the strategic cooperation with traditional game developers and uses the ether joy project help implement the tokenization games, and change the way release traditional games the ether joy system for users. the realization digital assets traditional games controlled game manufacturers. the game life cycle ends, digital assets die out. but the tokenized game: the user's digital assets are permanently stored tokens, which can also exchanged and realized very conveniently; game upgrade equals tokens' value-addition, letting the game become way play while making money. ether joy dapp ether joy dapp based the ethereum smart contract agreement. ethereum supports the creation dapp, distributed application whose entire partial backend code can run distributed ledger with user interface facilitate the interaction smart contracts and blockchain code. ether joy dappis mainly embodied ethereum smart contracts game activities. ether joy dapp creates unified standard procedures, allowing the game project sponsor, ether joy's platform, and the users (game player) complete the entire process the game activity from organization reward distribution online equal manner: the initiator game activity initiates competitive activity online through smart contract; reward details the game and the rules are released through the smart contract; the reward distributed the designated wallet address through the smart contract; (the rewarded tokens this wallet cannot used for other activities. only after the game over, the reward can distributed the address given the game user.); ether joy's game platform automatically organizes game competition activities the game platform according the agreement; after the game over, the result each game will written into the smart contract; accordance with the award rules formulated the project sponsor, the rewards will distributed through smart contracts the participants. blockchain game transformation system the ether joy project matures, the management team begins integrate technology development teams and guides the project's efforts establish blockchain game upgradeing system: use the project build unified sdk and api interface the way bidding rewards and other forms facilitate the traditional game manufacturers upgrade the blockchain games. utilize the advantages game traffic provide distribution channels for newly upgraded blockchain games and obtain massive users. introduction token ejoy token acquisition and platform reward )new users have access ejoy tokens )users participate ether joy project promotion and technology development get ejoy tokens; )users provide blockchain game distribution services get ejoy tokens; )...... ejoy consumption and exchange scenario participation game competitions will consume ejoy tokens. withdrawing the prize the wallet will consume ejoy tokens different amounts. personalized artificial intelligence analysis services need consume ejoy tokens different amounts. access interface such sdk requires consumption ejoy tokens. channel distribution for blockchain games requires consumption ejoy tokens ejoy tokens can consumed globally game producers, game distribution platforms, game events, and game training organizations that have cooperative relationship with the ejoy. introduction technology ether joy dapp ether joy dapp distributed, open-source smart contract based ethereum that relies the secondary development ethereum technology. therefore, the technology adopted based the ethereum public chain, smart contracts, and sub-protocol web.. there are some key technical points, such file management mechanisms, will the decentralized way(such swarm). displays smartphones also use lightweight client protocols, such the les protocol. the selection ethereum the underlying technology infrastructure due the fact that ethereum the current market relatively mature and reliable, and its technology relatively mature. detailed ethereum technology framework, principles, etc. can refer ethereum technology project. ether joy artificial intelligence create new concept ejoy games, gum, game user metrics improve the efficiency digitally profiling game users.gum gives ejoy the ability privately and anonymously collect user information the game application level. allows for the development rich metrics for user behavior information. the metrics are then used classify players into different characters. the classification players based the bartle taxonomy player types richard bartle[] machine learning algorithms associate and transfer the characters into players relevance and preferences, which are used for later targeted marketing and promotion activities figure gum serves matched rules for the games'characteristics only the user's active status real time. the gum value for the user profiling will calculated based incremental duration and participation proportion relevant games, prior any direct engagement with other game users. will design further anonymous user profile models the system develops. gum ensures that players character`s final step, player character's relevance and preferences are connected marketing and promotion activities dynamical way. auxiliary extensive game[] game theory constructed, where the gum system the opponent the player, whose moves actions are the next game promotional materials presented the player. the payoff this auxiliary two-player game involves the duration the player spend the games, and the result the promotion activities. some adjustments are made into the game. polynomial time algorithm[] implemented solve the game. the nodes, which are different games presented the players, and the payoffs the game tree are changing dynamically. because the algorithm polynomial, this process can implemented real time. compared other similar in-application models, gum able track transactions well enough not match products that users have often already purchased. engagement through genuine feedback mechanisms games ensures that game users that have opted for gum are getting the best possible product match, and that users are most likely convert into transaction. ultimately comes down profile efficiency, including the speed and correctness matching algorithms. expect publishers and advertisers suggest new game user metrics surfaced, and encourage other vendors build the topic progress. blockchain game transformation system ether joy blockchain game transformation system the application layer, not the underlying technology, more needs rely the market for open source smart contract technology for secondary development. order make the game have better performance experience, ether joy blockchain game transformation system has high concurrency and low cost" hardware requirements the selection smart contract technology architecture, therefore only smart contract technology that meets the above two conditions can used develop blockchain games. the current smart contract technology architecture, including ethereum and neo, unlikely meet market development needs. therefore, the technology selection the ether joy blockchain game transformation system needs wait for market technology. the same time, relies the development the ether joy traffic platform and strength the project promote. progress disclosure major projects ether joy agenda ether joy development plan the ejoy token crowdfunding plan ejoy token crowdfunding and reward the coins used the ether joy entertainment platform are called ejoy. the circulation ejoy will billion. the details the crowdfunding will announced the official website before the release date. the crowdfunding will last for days starting from april and ending april based eth blockchain and ethcontract, eth's smart contract. ejoy crowdfunding exchange rate:eth=, ejoys the crowdfunding limit for ejoy token issuance eths. the maximum number tokens sold ejoy is: billion ejoys the total number). official website: https://www.ejoy.world acceptable currency: eth this public crowdfunding plan will last for days. the earlier the participants join in, the more ejoy token rewards the participants will receive. the specific periods and reward ratios are follows: day day presale %-% reward private crowdfunding day day public %-% reward crowdfunding note: rewards will locked for days ejoy token allocation overall allocation description crowdfunding incomes will used for upgrades, operations, marketing, foundation operations crowdfunding management, financial and legal consulting, partial token sales expenses and rewards ether joy entertainment and games platform. ecological development reserves (used for reserves for various ecological rewards options, locked for value chain months and then released months million development per month)) team the team's incentive, will unlocked after months, and the remaining after months. marketing advertising, promotion and project building and partner awards research fund reserved for partners, academic research and third-party platforms. will gradually allocated new contributors they help promote the development the project ecosystem and increase the circulation the token. advisory team angel advisers, released after the first month, after months, after months, and after months;) notes: this allocation plan may adjusted according the actual market conditions and supervision each region during each financing stage. capital budget the fund raised will used for the development the ether joy and other matters favor its development. the amount crowdfunding incomes will affect determine its use and allocation ratios. (see official english version) ratio budget use relevant product research, design, r&d, testing, technological pilot run and other related expenses the technical r&d team; promotion and advertising promotion and advertising activities such value chain branding, event promotion, value chain development, etc. product operation product application marketing and promotion, user development, product service, operation service, etc. daily operation daily operating expenses the foundation, and relevant legal, financial, and office departments, etc.; infrastructure unforeseen network infrastructure resources; other unpredictable expenses; ether joy value foundation and its composition composed representatives early investors, founders and representatives the partners, the ether joy value foundation organization responsible for the decision-making and supervision ether joy entertainment and games platform. voting the development and operation plans the project, the foundation will prepare long-term development strategic plan for the ether joy entertainment and games platform, review the annual business plan, and make important decisions. the ether joy value foundation will also responsible for the management ether joy's technical development platform, project landing and operation, marketing, etc., promote the safe and fair development the ecosystem ether joy entertainment and games platform. the foundation will dedicated ensuring the transparency governance and the security funds, and protecting the interests ether joy holders and stakeholders establishing sound governance structure. the ether joy value foundation aims independent, democratic governing body for all members ether joy's entertainment and games ecosystem. its functions include: performing open governance its resources with other ecosystem partners developing digital economy share the ecological mechanism and safeguarding the interests and values each party the mechanism providing open and sustainable platform and ecosystem for more developers time goes on, the foundation may replaced other more innovative governance mode. however, the establishment formal governance institution important step this process. the foundation will invest resources three specific goals: research, development and governance. the foundation will hire development team promote these efforts, improve the technology the entire ecosystem, and continue maintain the open source code base benefit all members the ecosystem. the initial idea foundation governance adopt combination professional committees and functional departments manage daily work and special issues. the foundation will set various functional committees, including strategic decision committee, technical auditing committee, remuneration and nomination committee and public relations committee. with reference the institutional framework company, the foundation will set departments for daily operation such human resources, administration, finance, marketing, and r&d (or laboratory). contact: white paper working group email:zero@ejoy.world core management team ether joy value foundation core management team cherednyk bogdan ceo has the master's degree from national aviation university.he onceworked marketing department several companies such liveanimations and masterpipe. with proficient market analysis and customer negotiation skills, good grasping market opportunities and developing markets. wan huang cio she has the bachelor's degree mathematics from nanjing university, master's degree mathematics from london school economics; she previously served vice president citigroup and morgan stanley, responsible for data analysis. she owns two u.s. patents and has published several signed articles data mining and algorithms, has also introduced data analysis algorithms into the platform, and provided data analysis for enterprise customers. mikey stone coo senior practitioner internet finance. once worked for many listed companies such noah wealth, sina, and participated many projects. was familiar with consumer finance, and third party payment.currently committed the research blockchain marketing and project operations. zoe han cbo she has graduated from famous university asia with bachelor's degree journalism. she has worked market department several well-known companies and has extensive marketing experience. this stage, she focuses digital currency marketing and operation management. dave chen technical director master the top universities the world for data science major. has many years experience programming, algorithms, and databases. has extensive experience data mining and machine learning projects. has participated the development and big data analysis the internet project with million registered users .he has written cryptocurrency market research report. david zuo cao mba. once was senior professional manager china resources group. continuous entrepreneur and veteran the internet software industry.he has been deeply involved the financial software industry, live broadcast industry, and mobile internet e-commerce. choi chief ether joy mba. continuous entrepreneur and has successful entrepreneurial experience the fields industry, internet, trade, finance, etc. used ceo unionpay holding group co. and the partner the wall street wealth management institute. consultant team yinming pang project consultant the doctor computer software and theory fudan university, doctor finance chinese academy social sciences, emba tutor shanghai jiaotong university, master tutor china university science and technology. successively served the general manager five companies the greenland financial group, and currently serves the chief executive officer xinyuan technology group; has published more than academic papers and "internet finance and big data analysis", "fintech and asset securitization", "blockchain: reshaping new finance", and "fintech new engine: blockchain and artificial intelligence." xiaochun bian project consultant has the -year experience game development and continuous entrepreneur.he once led the production variety products worth more than million.he previously founded company which received billions investment from listed companies such forgam and jinke entertainment. fuqing lin technical adviser the author zerod---china's first flashd engine and chinese co-developer awayd--world-renowned flashd engine.he also the member adobe prerelease and the guest author microsoft's "programming beauty". cornerstone investment and cooperative companies stanley risk factors ether joy buyers the token sales plan are suggested carefully read this white paper, the token purchase agreement and all relevant information the official website fully understand the potential risks involved ejoy and thoughtful consideration advised before purchasing ether joy. buyers should fully aware that any case, the foundation (or its affiliates) will not return the purchased ether joy. the ether joy value foundation will use the revenue the digital assets raised ether joy token sales plan develop ether joy project and will take reasonable measures ensure that the project progresses towards the direction discussed this white paper. however, buyers may still face the risk losses (see the token purchase agreement for details). risks may involved compliance/operations, token sales market, digital wallet management, technology, system, vulnerability hacking, cryptographic development and other aspects not listed. uncertain regulatory and enforcement actions the regulatory status ether joy and distributed ledger technology not yet clarified resolved many jurisdictions. impossible predict how, when whether regulators will adopt existing regulations develop new regulations such technologies and their applications (including ether joy and ejoy token). regulatory actions may have negative impact ether joy and ejoy token various ways. the ether joy value foundation (or its affiliates) may cease operate jurisdiction where changes regulatory actions laws and regulations may de-legalize the operations such jurisdiction, commercially apply very unfavorable concession meet regulatory requirements. through consultation with legal advisors various fields, well continuous analysis the development virtual currency and the legal structure, the ether joy value foundation will hold cautious position the sales ejoy tokens. therefore, with respect the crowdfunding, the foundation may constantly adjust its sales strategy avoid the related legal risks the maximum. the same time, the foundation also cooperates with tzedek law co., ltd., elite law firm singapore, the blockchain field. risks related ether joy market ether joys are designed used only ether joy entertainment and games platform, liquidity risk exists. ether joys are not accepted the market, the overall market situation weak with insufficient number users, the development ether joy stagnant, rumors other uncontrollable factors break out, the value ether joys may fluctuate drastically and even decrease zero. risks digital wallet management buyers can only receive ether joy tokens after installing wallet that supports ethereum and obtaining digital wallet address. individual users are responsible for protecting their private keys (i.e. the passwords their wallets) and proving that they own the assets involved case signed transactions. users should fully aware that due the decentralized transaction nature blockchains, their private key password lost stolen, the (wallet address public key) their account will lost forever and cannot recovered. the best safest way avoid such risk securely store the private key one more places. for this reason, not store public computer. also workable write down for physical preservation. technical risk technical risk refers the main problems existing the underlying technology, leading the failure ether joy perform its intended functions, and the tampering loss key data. systematic risk systemic risk refers the extensive failure global network infrastructure due warfare, natural disasters and other force majeure events, which may cause the global internet partially wholly interrupted. risk vulnerability hacking the risk vulnerability hacking means that hackers other organizations may use any method identify possible vulnerabilities and attempt attack the ether joy platform (or dapp and its application) ejoy tokens, including but not limited denial service attacks (dos attacks), sybil attacks, malware attacks consistency attacks. risks related cryptographic development the cryptography still under development and cannot guarantee absolute security. the cryptographic development such the advancement password cracking technology the development quantum calculators may pose risk all encryption-based systems including ether joy entertainment and games platform. this may result the risk theft, loss, missing, damage devaluation ejoy tokens held everyone. risk project development the development ejoy may not implemented performed planned for various reasons, including but not limited the falling prices any digital assets, virtual currency ether joys, unforeseen technical difficulties and insufficient funds for event development. other risks addition the above risks, there may other risks associated with your purchase, holding and use ether joys, including those that the foundation cannot anticipate. such risks may further become unexpected changes combinations the above risks. before purchasing ether joys, you are advised conduct comprehensive due diligence the foundation (and its affiliates) and ether joy's entertainment and games team understand the overall framework and vision ether joy. follow us: official website: http://www.ejoy.world/ telegram: t.me/etherjoy twitter: https://twitter.com/etherjoy