etheroll dice game whitepaper draft version please note that this document does not constitute being prospectus any sort, neither intend misrepresent the sale this sort being initial public offering share/equity offering. this token sale does not involve the exchange crypto currencies for any form ordinary shares etheroll, neither does the dice token purchaser receive any form dividend that guaranteed. this crowdfund will not accept fiat currency. etheroll whitepaper etheroll ethereum-based dice gambling dapp that enables individuals place bets the result -sided dice roll without user deposits sign-ups, using ether the most popular cryptocurrency the world. players can choose their own odds with our unique and payouts are instant. game code built entirely top the ethereum blockchain, which allows for level transparency and accountability that traditional online casinos simply cannot provide. table contents abstract provably-fair market opportunity solution attributes our vision dice token dice conversion schedule use funds security platform design ui/ux architecture timeline disclaimer draft february etheroll whitepaper abstract etheroll provably-fair ethereum-based dice gaming dapp which allows individuals to: place bets units ether the etheroll dice game has the following characteristics: transparent source code players set their own odds deposits sign-ups immediate payouts competitively low house edge intuitive web-based user interface ii. bet the house holding dice tokens all profit etheroll earns allocated token holders. profit distributed token holders proportional the number tokens they hold. dice token holders enjoy exposure every bet made the platform, with the advantage the house edge always being their favour. due the law large numbers, token holders should always return profit. the house edge which means there consistent expected value (ev) for token holders. provably-fair our random number generation uses open source blockchain-based oraclize.it provablyhonest oracle service) retrieve integer safely from outside the blockchain. this integer supplied random.org via tlsnotary. the etheroll smart-contract then performs sha() encryption the result returned from random.org and the ipfs address the tlsnotary proof achieve the final dice result. currently, this the safest way for etheroll generate its random numbers. this method ensures potential attacking miners and/or parties cannot control the final value our final dice result. etheroll will continue develop its random number generation. etheroll currently using the following method for retrieving random number for the results its dice game: upon receiving valid bet via the playerrolldice(uint rollunder) function, our smartcontract queries oraclize.it via partially encrypted, nested query. partially encrypted, nested query ensures that the api key etheroll uses call random.org remains safe, whilst publicly exposing our random number request and range, ensure players the etheroll smart-contract behaving honestly. etheroll whitepaper protect the etheroll api key, oraclize utilizes elliptic curve integrated encryption scheme composed the following algorithms: elliptic curve diffie-hellman key exchange (ecdh), which uses secpk curve and ansi with sha key derivation function. this algorithm used derive shared secret from the oraclize public key and the sender private key. the shared secret used aes- galois counter mode (gcm), authenticated symmetric cipher, encrypt the query. the authentication tag bytes length and the nonce chosen bits length), which safe because the shared secret different for every encrypted query. oraclize then returns the concatenation the encoded point (i.e the public key the senders), the authentication tag and the encrypted text. the decrypted query delivered random.org which turn supplies the json response which includes integer ranging from the following the solidity code for this query: bytes rngid oraclize_query("nested", "[url] ['json(https://api.random.org/json-rpc//invoke).result.random.data.', '\\n{\"jsonrpc\":\".\",\"method\":\"generatesignedintegers\",\"params\":{\"apike y\":${[decrypt] bbdnqjofrto/od/nmpt+rdmjliracirv+nxvivtissgcruftvxixettgrqytwtnguawguve bhdyhoswxfybpok+xqxqizcqwzgiyhjygn+yliakxfybflocfgivrtxaas+mfxpgfvk=},\" n\":,\"min\":,\"max\":,\"replacement\":true,\"base\":${[identity] \"}\"},\"id\":${[identity] \"}\"}']", gasfororaclize); the random numbers requested are exactly expected via the following request: n\":,\"min\":,\"max\":,\"replacement\":true this query asks random.org return number, minimum maximum and each request separate event. note the encrypted api key the long sequence scrambled characters. when random.org receives this query, recognizes our decrypted api key and uses atmospheric noise provide the etheroll api key with truly random integer. atmospheric noise caused natural atmospheric processes, primarily lightning discharges thunderstorms. worldwide scale, million lightning flashes occur daily. this about lightning flashes per second. the sum these lightning flashes results atmospheric noise, which observed radio receiver the form combination white noise and impulse noise. ipfs stored tlsnotary proof the transaction proves oraclize.it did not alter the results from the random.org service anyway. the proof string exactly the ipfs multi-hash that identifies the tlsnotary proof. players will fetch the proof they wish, for example http://ipfs.io/ipfs/proof etheroll whitepaper the time the etheroll smart-contract receives the json response the random number the function __callback(bytes myid, string result, bytes proof) the integer result sha() on-chain produce the final dice result. the following algorithm ensures the dice result provably fair for our players: let the random value returned from random.org via oraclize. let the ipfs address the pagesigner tlsnotary proof content. the following solidity code example used produce provably-fair random number bounded between and inclusive and guaranteed evenly distributed across the range values. finalresult uint(sha(r, p)) our smart-contract then calculates the value the integer finalresult against the original integer that was submitted the player (stored playernumber) via mapping the player address via the following: mapping (bytes uint) playernumber; function playerrolldice(uint rollunder){ playernumber[rngid] rollunder; finalresult lower than playernumber submitted the player, the player wins. which point, the smart-contract calculates the required payout and pays bets instantly, whilst engraving properties the bet into the ethereum blockchain (as event) for tamper proof history all bets. opportunity the market size the online-gambling industry for estimated billion usd. these are impressive numbers. however, online-gambling does not consist entirely cryptocurrency gambling alone. let's take closer look the current cryptocurrency gambling market. will first focus our attention the bitcoin gambling market, and use this guide towards the future potential market gambling top the world's most popular cryptocurrency, ether. ii. iii. iv. bitcoin currently has market cap billion usd. estimated that all bitcoin transactions relate online gambling. the past year, bitcoin and alt-coin casino revenue was btc with profit btc. the same period, billion bets have been placed across bitcoin casinos. bitcoin currently the largest cryptocurrency market cap and such, represents the largest share the cryptocurrency gambling market. satoshidice launched its etheroll whitepaper bitcoin based dice game and currently enjoys lion share the bitcoin dice game market with bitcoin wagered last year alone. the following table illustrates reported revenue for popular bitcoin casinos []: vi. casino bets wagered primedice billion btc bustabit million btc betking million btc satoshidice million btc betterbets million btc bitdice million btc the current market cap ethereum million. ethereum was released mid and early was the largest cryptocurrency market cap. other cryptocurrency has seen such tremendous growth such short amount time. ethereum disruptive technology, that looks change the way the world does business. ether, which the native token ethereum, reasonably new the crypto-currency market, having only launched july the rise ether has been gargantuan very short time, with many predicting its market cap eventually outnumber that bitcoin, billion. the ethereum market cap currently million. the ethereum market cap grew extremely quickly, part, due the programmable ability run smart-contracts (auditable code) the blockchain. world banks, large accountant firms (including the big four), business solutions and application developers are looking how leverage this network reduce the cost-of-business. this something bitcoin unable offer. hardening efforts the protocol the core development team suggest extremely positive and healthy outlook for the ethereum protocol. the future the ethereum protocol and its underlying ether token looking extremely positive. taking the staggering growth the ethereum market cap (~$ million) into account well the numbers related bitcoin gambling, etheroll proposes tremendous opportunity arising for the traditional style dice game ported over the ethereum protocol. such platform requires experienced, honest and reliable operators with proven track record, intuitive web-based interface, adjustable odds, zero deposits, zero sign-ups, etheroll whitepaper immediate payouts and team committed further innovation their game the fastpaced environment ethereum. solution etheroll service which provides provably-fair and transparent, web-based ethereum dice gambling dapp (decentralized application). etheroll game code decentralized and immutable. players will confident etheroll behaves provably-fair manner, thanks the nature the ethereum protocol. our smart-contract layer runs entirely the ethereum blockchain, auditable, transparent, verifiable and provably-fair. etheroll accepts wagers from players the form ether via its unique web-based interface. the decentralized and immutable nature our smart-contract layer, ensures players will bet units ether with confidence their funds are not being held party subject the risk hacks, theft, misconduct the etheroll smart contract. the decentralized nature the ethereum protocol also ensures that our smart-contract immutable and always available, with possibility downtime via ddos attacks, hosting issues, and/or government, other forms intended interruption the service. players are assured the etheroll dice game behaves intended to, thanks the opensource nature our smart-contracts, which are verifiable the public. attributes provably-fair the result our random number provably-fair thanks the following formula: let the random value returned from random.org via oraclize. let the ipfs address the pagesigner tlsnotary proof content. the following code then used produce provably-fair random number bounded between and inclusive and guaranteed evenly distributed across the range values. finalresult uint(sha(r, p)) ii. players set their own odds players have the power and choice set their own odds for each dice roll. this characteristic allows players adjust each dice roll suit their individual risk profile, turn, increasing the overall enjoyment and user experience the etheroll dice game. inspiration for this type game play drawn from the 'satoshidice style' dice gambling. this the real dice gambling experience the ethereum network. iii. web-based web.js interface etheroll whitepaper friendly and intuitive, web.js web-based user interface makes easy for our users place bets and interact with the ethereum blockchain. user-centric design and development practices ensure etheroll will the easiest dice game interact with the ethereum protocol. our intuitive user interface built with the player mind and employs responsive css framework for extra flexibility and maximum usage wide variety web based clients. this truly dice gambling the ethereum network the way you imagined it. iv. low house edge the etheroll house edge currently set our house edge also adjustable suit the market, will always remain competitive. the house edge calculated and deducted only the instance win. for example, player places bet size ether odds, the player will rewarded total profit ether. the commission etheroll receives the event loss will calculated accordingly: (((betsize (chanceofloss/chanceofwin)) betsize) houseedgeaspercent) our example, player placing bet ether odds, with house edge, etheroll loses the bet: (((* (/))+)*.) ether commission trusted and experienced team etheroll are early pioneers the ethereum dice gambling space and have real-world experience working ethereum since february june etheroll was the middle its original crowdfund (which was among the top most successful crypto-currency crowdfunds the time) when the dao hack took place. hours later, the interests our valued token holders, and our own volition, suspended the crowdfund and refunded the ~$k that raised the few days the crowdfund was open. whilst were not susceptible the same attack vector that the dao was, decided the simplest and absolute safest option was refund all ether and run the crowdfund again later date. since june etheroll has researched, coded, implemented, and coded again, security oriented programming (sop) techniques for solidity and hired independent party security auditors (piper merriam independent consensys) audit our ethereum smart contracts. are proud announce that have recently received 'pass' the security audit our core game and crowdfund contracts. etheroll's recent history proves has the experience, honesty, and technical know- etheroll whitepaper how accomplish its goals, proven our recent crowdfund 'success' june etheroll considers the postponed crowdfund june tremendous success. after successfully refunding the ether within hours the dao hack, our valued token holders were pleased with the speed, honesty and transparency our actions. trust earnt the cryptocurrency community. have earnt that trust from the ethereum community over the past year. vi. in-house solidity programmers all solidity smart-contract code for etheroll written in-house. this means etheroll extremely nimble and will adapt quickly ever-changing ethereum environment low cost without the need set aside budget waste precious time pursuing trusted, experienced and competent programmers. are open innovation and will continue improve the quality and overall experience our dice game. faster processing times, and improved rng are areas focus moving forward. vii. deposits, sign-ups traditional online casinos retain player deposits and/or wins until withdraw request made the player. usually, withdraw requests take time, sometimes days, and expose traditional online casino models prime target for hackers and/or malicious employees who may see opportunity steal player funds. thanks the nature the ethereum blockchain and the design patterns have chosen, the etheroll smart-contract does not require players sign for account, deposit ether play etheroll. only accept ether from players the time that they place their bets. this significantly reduces the risk profile etheroll compared the traditional online casino model. viii. open source and verifiable the etheroll source code open source and verifiable. players and dice token holders alike are free verify the game does indeed what says. this unique set characteristics allows for environment that keeps etheroll honest and levels the playing field the online gambling space between players and the house. ix. cryptographically secure the properties and values each bet are engraved into the blockchain tamperproof manner. this provides irrefutable proof the history all bets. any time, players will review their bet history with confidence there room for tampering corruption betting results etheroll. thanks the nature the ethereum protocol, all bets submitted etheroll are cryptographically secure nature when they are transcribed into the blockchain. any point time, players etheroll whitepaper have the ability review details about any bets. true 'dice gameplay' dice gambling far the most popular game all cryptocurrency gambling. the ability for players choose their own odds integral dice games and what makes the traditional dice game popular. our unique web-based empowers the player allowing them set their own odds. xi. seo thanks our expertise seo, etheroll ranks extremely highly organic google search results for the term "ethereum dice", "ethereum gambling", "ethereum casino". will continue see growth this area. our vision our future, and data from existing bitcoin online gambling sites tell interesting story. satoshidice existing bitcoin game that runs the bitcoin blockchain and can used insight into the potential future market size gambling the ethereum protocol: "responsible for more than daily network volume the bitcoin blockchain, satoshidice reported first year earnings from wagering impressive bh., ($,,). during the year, players bet total bh.,, individual bets average monthly growth rate earnings were calculated from eight months data covering may december, etheroll will play significant role the future the gambling online using ethereum thanks the following characteristics the platform: ii. iii. iv. vi. vii. players will choose their own odds. deposits, sign-ups. our web interface easy and intuitive for players place bets. designed from the ground appeal wide audience used 'satoshidice style betting', etheroll the first ethereum dice game truly offer similar experience the ethereum protocol. early first mover advantage the network effect. low house edge. our house edge the lowest ethereum. nimble in-house development team that quick react development advances ethereum, focus includes advances rng and bet processing times. honest and experienced team. ethereum the largest crypto-currency market cap million. many believe the ethereum market cap will eventually equal higher than that bitcoin. envision explosive growth the future ether and ether dice gambling. the etheroll smart-contract development phase complete and scheduled for launch etheroll whitepaper march our -month goal gain least market share the current online gambling marketplace the ethereum blockchain and from there world domination. dice token (dice) the dice token ethereum erc standard token with additional custom functionality for the purposes being used within the etheroll ecosystem. the dice token minted once-off event during our strictly limited -day token creation phase. each dice token grants its owner the following rights and has the following characteristics: direct earnings proportional the number tokens they hold. token holders collective receive the ether generated the game. ether generated the game via players losing bets and the built-in house-edge. tokens holders are exposed each bet that processed the platform with the advantage the house-edge always being their favour. fully transferable the dice token will fully exchangeable and available for trade exchanges. voting rights the dice token enables holders vote proposals set-forth the etheroll team. for example, lowering raising the house edge, or, adding new game the suite. conversion schedule the dice token strictly limited supply. minted only during our token creation phase for total days there total dice tokens are offer. there will never another mintage dice tokens. start date: the token creation phase begins utc february duration: days. week dice (rol) tokens for eth (ks) week dice (rol) tokens for eth (ks) total supply: the crowdfund address: xcccedbfad the founding team pre-allocated tokens. any tokens that remain unsold after the token creation phase will destroyed rule out the possibility dilution. the number tokens remaining after the destruction unsold tokens the final mintage. other tokens will ever created. use funds: etheroll whitepaper ii. all ether raised during the crowdfund becomes the house bankroll pay winning bets. token holders collective receive profits the house bankroll generates. all ether raised during the crowdfund period sent etheroll continue funding development the platform. security our smart-contracts are subject party security audits, conducted piper merriam (independent consensys). each smart contract deploy main-net subject the following internal security protocol. internal live/automated truffle testing phases, party security audit phase. contracts are deployed from in-house private-chains ropsten (testnet) for live testing, only after internal live testing has been satisfied, contracts are then deployed main-net. will not deploy smart-contract that has not been signed off party independent security audit. signed off party independent security audits are available for perusal for the entire suite our smart-contracts. platform design ui/ux players are able place bets and change their odds with our dice game directly our website using the mist browser and our intuitive ui. you will find video demonstration our ui/ux youtube.com/watch?v=moxzowdm. you would prefer experience full for yourself, please load etheroll.com using the mist browser available here then follow the instructions under our "how play" tab. alternatively, you can use the google chrome extension metamask place bets. etheroll whitepaper screenshot our ui. note the slider (bottom left) which allows players adjust their own odds. architecture overview the structure the etheroll application comprised smart contracts, each them handling different aspect the platform. etheroll employs modular approach the design its smart-contract architecture, ensure integrity and safety the ecosystem. for example, the game contract does not have any function during the crowdfunding period, nor does the crowdfund contract interact with day-to-day game play. the following outlines the core functionality for each contract, and its current development status: game contract status: completed security audit available: yes responsible only for accepting and processing all bets via the playerrolldice(uint rollunder) function. this the smart-contract that player interacts with. this contract manages things like the house-edge, minimum bet, maximum bet, random number generation, calculation payouts, calculation refunds. crowdfund contract status: completed security audit available: yes responsible only for accepting ether only during the crowdfunding period. the end the crowdfund period ether raised will moved from this contract the multi-sig etheroll whitepaper wallet contract and from there ether sent the game contract for actual game play. the funding goal not reached, ether raised available for withdraw each token holder via the safewithdraw() function. token contract status: completed security audit available: yes responsible only for distributing tokens during the crowdfunding period and tracking the token balance address, this contract allows for token transfers take place exchanges except during reward payout periods, which locks the token for security purposes. the etheroll token contract standard erc- token with added functionality for use the token within the etheroll ecosystem. the dice token will not tradeable until weeks after the start the crowdfund campaign. rewards contract status: work progress security audit available: tbc responsible only for calculating the amount ether rewards available for withdraw each token holder's address. only token holders have the special rights interact with the rewards contract. every weeks, profit accumulated from the game sent this contract. this contract enables token holders withdraw ether rewards proportional their dice token ownership for days, every weeks. token holder does not withdraw their rewards during the -day reward period, their rewards for that phase are forfeit. any profit the game contract generates distributed token holders, proportional their ownership dice tokens. timeline development game code website complete november in-house game testing ongoing january security audit game code complete december development crowdfund code complete january announcement white paper release complete january security audit crowdfund code complete january crowdfund public awareness ongoing february crowdfund opens february february crowdfund closes february may dice token listed exchanges continued marketing, research development into new games and/or random number generation techniques continue improvement and growth core offering. disclaimer risks associated with the etheroll dice token etheroll whitepaper dice (rol) cryptographic token used represent ownership the initial etheroll bankroll. owners dice are eligible receive rewards the form ether based the performance the bankroll. owners dice are exposed the wins and losses. dice not crypto currency the time this writing, dice (i) cannot exchanged for goods services, (ii) has known uses outside the etheroll platform, and (iii) cannot currently traded any known exchanges. dice not investment there guarantee that the dice you purchase will increase value and/or provide any return. dice not evidence ownership right control controlling dice does not grant its controller ownership equity the etheroll platform whole. dice does not necessarily grant any right participate the control, the direction decision-making the etheroll platform. risk losing access dice due loss credentials the purchaser's dice can only accessed with login credentials selected the purchaser. the loss these credentials will result the loss dice. best practices dictate that purchasers safely store credentials one more backup locations geographically separated from the working location. risk losing ether, due lucky players there risk that due the variance gambling, the house bankroll could bankrupted and token holders lose their initial investment. risks associated with the ethereum protocol dice and the etheroll platform are based upon the ethereum protocol. such, any malfunction, unintended function unexpected functioning the ethereum protocol may cause the etheroll platform dice malfunction function unexpected unintended manner. ether, the native unit account the ethereum protocol may itself lose value. risk unfavorable regulatory action one more jurisdictions blockchain technologies have been the subject scrutiny various regulatory bodies around the world. the functioning the etheroll platform and dice could impacted one more regulatory inquiries actions, including but not limited restrictions the use possession etheroll whitepaper digital tokens like dice, which could impede limit the development the etheroll platform. risk competition following the token sale and the development the initial version the etheroll platform, possible that alternative ethereum gambling platforms could established, which utilize the same open source code and open source protocol underlying the etheroll platform. the etheroll platform may have compete with these alternative platforms, which could potentially negatively impact the performance the etheroll platform and dice. risk insufficient interest etheroll distributed applications possible that the etheroll platform will not used large numbers individuals, and that there will limited public interest the creation and development distributed applications. such lack interest could impact the development the etheroll platform and therefore the potential uses value dice. risk that the etheroll platform, developed, will not meet the expectations the token holder the etheroll platform presently under development and may undergo significant changes before its full release. any expectations regarding the form and functionality dice the etheroll platform held the purchaser may not met upon release, for any number reasons including change the design and implementation plans and execution the etheroll platform. risk theft and hacking hackers other groups organizations may attempt interfere with the etheroll platform the availability dice any number ways, including without limitation denial service attacks, sybil attacks, spoofing, smurfing, malware attacks, consensus-based attacks. risk security weaknesses the etheroll platform the etheroll platform consists software that based open-source software. there risk that the etheroll team, other third parties may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses bugs into the core infrastructural elements the etheroll platform, interfering with the use causing the loss dice and/or eth. risk weaknesses exploitable breakthroughs the field cryptography advances cryptography, technical advances such the development quantum computers, could present risks crypto currencies and the etheroll platform, which could result the theft loss dice and/or eth. etheroll whitepaper risk lack adoption use the etheroll platform while dice should not viewed investment, may return value over time. that value may limited the etheroll platform lacks use and adoption. this becomes the case, there may few profits draw from, even loss your initial investment. risk unfavorable fluctuation ethereum value the etheroll team intends use part the proceeds the dice token sale (%) fund further development the etheroll platform. the proceeds the dice token sale will denominated ethereum. the value ethereum fluctuates unfavorably during after the token sale, the etheroll team may not able fund development, may not able develop the platform the manner that intended promised. risk malfunction the etheroll platform possible that the etheroll platform malfunctions unfavorable way, including but not limited one that results the loss dice and/or eth. unanticipated risks crypto-currency relatively new and untested technology. addition the risks set forth here, there are risks that the etheroll team cannot anticipate. risks may further materialize unanticipated combinations variations the risks set forth here. references source: [https://blockchain.info/charts/market-cap] source: [http://lsvp.com////at-least-half-of-all-bitcoin-transactions-are-for-online. gambling/] source: [https://thebitcoinstrip.com/stats/---to---] source: [https://thebitcoinstrip.com/stats/---to---] source: [https://coinmarketcap.com/] source: [https://www.reddit.com/r/etheroll/comments/ooyod/crowdsale_now_closed_eth_has_been_refu nded/] source: [http://www.forbes.com/sites/jonmatonis////bitcoin-casinos-release-earnings/#cfcb]