democratizing cryptocurrency shingo lavine ethos founder version: dat the future already here, it's just not evenly distributed vision our vision create people-powered new economy services company that makes the cryptocurrency market accessible and trustworthy the average user, accelerating adoption blockchain technology and democratizing ownership both digital and traditional assets. team while this massive vision, ethos has experienced and enthusiastic team and community who are ready make this vision reality. the ethos team brings together unique collection experts across cryptocurrency, financial services, distributed computing, mobile technology, modern marketing and design-thinking. solutions the ethos platform designed offer specific solutions for the new economy: intuitive, self-custodied universal wallet that allows you safely store, manage, leverage and further monetize your crypto assets one place while maintaining complete control your private keys social trust ecosystem for choosing, sharing and navigating the ever-growing array cryptocurrencies that unifies all your financial assets apply powerful investment models and structures build your financial knowledge and and wealth social gamification model that incentivizes crowd wisdom, and makes participating the new economy fun, social and rewarding while increasing your financial literacy easy and safe diversification across digital and traditional assets scalable and compliant api services empower businesses, developers and entrepreneurs build their own powerful crypto services and product offerings ethos data feeds syndicate information about cryptocurrencies and markets professional services demystify the industry for businesses and developers while creating dynamic eco-system locate, find and engage customers the digital economy thus reinventing traditional financial distribution models. background over the past several decades there have been number macroeconomic events that have fundamentally changed the way that society operates. the digital revolution changed the way treat data and computation. saw the rise the modern internet the dot-com boom and more recently we've begun experience the internet things. cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology are now making way for the "internet value" and fintech companies are paving the way decentralized, unencumbered financial future. ethos aims create people-powered cryptocurrency services company demystify blockchain technology and break down traditional barriers entry removing obstacles for consumers and businesses that have existed for decades. ethos's mission make the cryptocurrency market accessible and trustworthy the average user, accelerating adoption blockchain technology and democratizing ownership cryptocurrencies and traditional financial assets. allowing the average participant easily and safely purchase cryptocurrency and other financial assets, and have environment learn and socialize with others, ethos helps make the new economy easy, safe, secure and accessible everyone. hope synthesize many the needs the new economy into single, userfriendly ecosystem. want truly unlock the transformative power blockchain, cryptocurrencies and the waves disruption that will left their wake, it's critical that build for accessibility now, not later. the new economy becomes the domain privileged few, and continues perpetuate the same inequities the old one, then its vision for the future will have failed. the world ready for new financial future. ethos, we're going build it. ethos the ethos platform there are hundreds, not thousands, different wallets out there for all the different digital assets, and managing multiple wallets for each your currencies difficult. are creating platform that will provide powerful single point interaction with the new economy while also building dynamic bridge the old economy ensure nobody left behind. this next generation digital wallet will the backbone for our asset management and investment services platform. the universal wallet will allow aggregate people and transactions together dynamic ways order increase liquidity and keep costs down for consumers. this infrastructure also allows create universal mobile payment system for users who wish transact any currency, instantly breaking down barriers towards mass adoption the industry. this section will outline the pieces the ethos platform that will make the most user-friendly way storing, buying and sharing cryptocurrency the market. the ethos platform has three main components: ethos universal wallet this includes decentralized wallet management system allowing for the easy transfer value anywhere the world. the ethos universal wallet links seamlessly with the fiat and diversification layer. fiat and diversification this system includes unique legal structure with fiat/ diversification system whose capabilities are amplified the ethos liquidity network tokens. social and community the ethos platform seeks connect novices and experts and reward those who help educate others. the platform will fun and friendly place learn and begin interacting with cryptocurrencies within dynamic public and private clusters, building the strong existing ethos community. the ethos universal wallet the ethos universal wallet wallet management system that allows users quickly and easily interact with their coins, while tracking and monitoring diverse assets. the universal wallet will allow users view, send and receive balances any supported cryptocurrency. the wallet manager entirely decentralized meaning that consumers have complete control over their private keys all times and ethos can't access funds without direct user authorization. all changes balance are completely user- ethos directed and there are locks limits. the goal create safe and easy wallet that operates utilizing the complete user autonomy and control that cryptocurrencies afford. the ethos universal wallet operates much like password vault making safe and secure key management much easier than before. the ethos universal wallet offers users variety features not afforded other wallets, leveraging the unique capabilities the ethos platform. mobile support priority for ethos that consumers can have access their coins wherever they go. fiat and diversification core piece the ethos platform fiat gateway and diversification platform. users will able seamlessly from depositing funds diversifying across preset custom baskets. one-click diversification enable users diversify coins across variety cryptocurrency assets extremely easily. users will given complete control over all their assets all times. ethos will have range preset allocation arrays that users can replicate, and can adjust the percentage asset allocations their preference, assuming available liquidity the underlying asset. when you build your personalized coin basket, you will given estimated cost and amount underlying assets securing your investment. all investments are secured underlying assets. the benefits ethos baskets are follows: risk diversification spread funds across dozens crypto currencies tokens, making less risky than purchasing individual currency. accessibility cryptocurrencies become easier purchase, enabling average participants and consumers experience the benefits, and raising liquidity for all market participants. community expertise ethos aggregates information different tokens and provides insightful data through community ratings and predictions that you know what you are buying. low cost ethos ethos baskets will have low transaction fees, ensuring that the power and freedom crypto currency remains intact "wall street" and professional venture participants start enter the market. time savings ethos baskets will enable people simultaneously invest multiple currencies instead having own and manage multiple wallets. professional services ethos enables access investment professionals experts for those users wanting more customized service and the security always-on investment advisor manage your financial assets. social investment network the trustless nature that blockchain and cryptocurrencies provide incredibly powerful, but believe bridge social trust still needed for achieve adoption and access scale, and invest the future together. the ethos platform will also inherently social platform where users can share their expertise and rewarded for helping community members understand the intricacies the cryptocurrency space and overall investment process. ethos ratings invite users quickly and easily share their opinions different assets, helping paint picture community sentiment towards the unique aspects and overall impressions coin potential investment. ethos reviews allow users share more in-depth thinking, analysis and experiences about diverse assets, and answer questions from other users, with quality information and answers being recognized other community members and rewarded with tokens and reputation points. ethos predictions invites users predict the future performance cryptocurrencies part both short and long term contests, with rewards and reputation points going the most accurate predictors. predictions fun, gamified way learn more about how the market works and learn from each other, while generating powerful crowd-sourced data help our users make informed decisions. next ethos experts, social trust layer where users earn reputation and the respect their peers adding value, demonstrating participation the community, and through the quality and accuracy the information they share. ethos experts will expressed array badges experience rankings across broad range, providing dynamic system social wayfinding that will critical fostering truly people-powered platform. ethos experts will come life number ways grow, with curated baskets portfolios you can subscribe easily you would playlist, with customer service ambassadors who surface from within the community ethos actively provide support other users, right super savvy power users who can emerge investment advisors within the community giving rise new gig economy within the platform, ethos, our goal build community likeminded individuals educating and collectively navigating the new economy with shared principles one that built people power, empower people the ethos token the ethos token (ethos) essential the function the ethos platform. ethos functional token that will used the platform access various features, incentivize community building and value creation through dynamic reward system, and pay for fees. it's the fuel the ethos ecosystem. furthermore, ethos becomes more liquid over time, will used rebalance individual portfolios. grow, the liquidity generated ethos from fee conversions and ethos trading pairs will form "liquidity network," enabling users shift allocations between various currencies quickly and easily and transact with each other send value outside the platform. short ethos tokens will reduce costs for consumers for crypto-related transactions. enable low-cost blockchain applications for developers. create scalable micropayment transfer mechanism for all platform services. support open financial ecosystem that bridges traditional and crypto assets enable verified source funds and identity for transactions through the ethos ecosystem. however, ethos tokens will not ethos pay dividends profits any kind enable holders vote company matters, control the company imply ownership any way token sale and early functionality ethos launched token sale july, distribute functional tokens the public excluding the u.s. and singapore. before conducting the sale, ethos had functioning internal alpha demonstrate the viability and function the ethos ecosystem before any tokens were sold. ethos has had more publicly accessible alpha since august that has provided lot very valuable feedback that will incorporated into the first full release the product the median purchase size was eth which demonstrated the demand that users had for the ethos ecosystem and the intent that purchasers had use the token's functionality within the ecosystem. this important because ethos strives run transparent and trustworthy ecosystem that advances blockchain technolgy and accelerates the creation healthy, open and compliant financial system. ethos collaborative effort and open-source initiatves source feedback and contribution from people around the world making ethos movement with intent disrupt the way that the financial system operates. ethos discourages any speculation token price and maintains that tokens should only purchased for their functional utility within the ethos ecosystem. for users who are looking for the financial revolution and want participate making reality they've come the right place. token utility and open standards tokens were issued the ethereum network using erc standards that they could leverage the full security and capability established blockchain. utilizing the ethereum network offered ethos easy exchange integration, enhanced liquidity and the ability leverage existing technical infrastructure that many users are already familiar with. one the features the ethos token pro-rated access the bedrock api which powers the ethos ecosystem. enabling pro-rated access api, there are over under charges developers, and participants the ethos ecosystem can get exactly what they are entitled to. this similar amazon web services model, but even more thinly sliced the api level, similar how ethereum uses ether gas power smart contracts with the added benefit eliminating payment risk from the business and the consumer. this allows the ecosystem operate much more efficiently basically the lowest possible cost the ecosystem will allow and beneficial both businesses and consumers. ethereum's gas market has shown the power and potential computer system that can "rented out" microscopic scale. ethos verified source funds for the blockchain major source headaches for regulators the perception that cryptocurrency can used for money laundering, terrorist financing, drug transactions and the like. even though there exists this perception, many studies have shown that illicit actors still prefer use fiat over cryptocurrency due the linkability and transparency the blockchain. the blockchain often more transparent than the existing fiat financial ecosystem, and can used create safe and clean digital financial ecosystem. ethos building standards that will help people stay the "light side" with crypto and power all the transformative possibilities that crypto promises while the same time maintaining the integrity clean financial system. this includes identity for all ethos participants. instead sending funds anonymous address, ethos users can link identity funds. see this starting with "dns-like" wallet domain marketplace powered the ethos token that enables verified users the ability leverage the plethora capabilities that are available the crypto world. additionally, ethos-vsf standard that proposes way encode verified source funds into blockchain transactions powered the ethos ecosystem. digital asset that powers new, decentralized, inclusive and compliant future something that should appeal both users and regulators alike. legal considerations the introduction ethos involves myriad legal and regulatory complexities. fact, these intricacies were the determining factors our decision restrict access our token sale from those residents located both singapore and the united states, where public policy was extremely fluid. although analysis ethos tokens found our tokens the pure functional token class bearing resemblance whatsoever the more controversial tokenized securities, felt more prudent that time proceed with these restrictions matter caution. however, these restrictions have subsequently been removed ensure can service both singapore and united states residents move forward our development path and ultimate launch the ethos platform. launching ethos services have legal considerations including: ethos compliance with know your customer (kyc) regulations and requirements implementation anti-money laundering (aml) regulations and requirements applicability jurisdictional investment company laws, including investment company act ethos services applicability jurisdictional adviser laws, including investment advisers act ethos services applicability jurisdictional securities laws, including securities exchange act ethos services (broker dealer exchange ats) applicability jurisdictional securities laws, including securities act with token classes made accessible the platform (securities classification) these issues should considered users considering purchase ethos tokens. the fundamental role the ethos token act "gas" for the ethos platform where users developers with ethos can access services the platform including those enabling wallet creation, portfolio construction, asset allocation, crypto data queries, rebalancing between various cryptocurrencies and the universal wallet, and other features outlined above. however, depending the above legal analysis, the ethos service, either whole part, may not available certain countries and will made available others according very specific rollout strategy. prospective token holders the ethos platform should consider these facts prior purchasing any ethos tokens. "it not the beauty building you should look at; it's the construction the foundation that will stand the test time." david allan coe ethos ethos bedrock next generation blockchain api ethos bedrock represents the fundamental building blocks that will allow people and businesses build scalable and compliant set services top open standards. red hat didn't reinvent linux, but they provided very important and useful set services and packages that made accessible for businesses and consumers. similarly, ethos will play role platform and toolkit for others harness building the next generation open, decentralized, blockchain and crypto-based services. we'll expanding more the details these services future releases, it's deserving its own whitepaper, and protect our proprietary and competitive advantage while complete our work. anticipate the following fundamental building blocks will make ethos bedrock: ethos wallet services this includes the decentralized universal wallet, smart keys and the basis for crypto interactions. ethos relay this system the foundation for diversification and relays value between exchanges and liquidity providers. ethos fiat gateway ethos will enable fiat buys/sells through the api with additional kyc/ aml restrictions ethos broadcast ethos will broadcast key data signals the form historical prices and future predictions that can leveraged the crypto community. ethos wallet services the ethos universal wallet one the most fundamental building blocks ethos bedrock. recognize the need for truly universal, decentralized and user-controlled wallet that protects while not imposing any limits the consumer. build it, we're introducing the concept "smart key". ethos smart key single key that provides access all your wallets. the smart key always held the user and protected backup key that can written down and stored paper wallet. ethos cannot authorize spend any your funds without your smart key. your smart key tied your password and your backup key that you always have secure access your funds wherever you go. one the core features the ethos universal wallet the ability for anyone quickly, securely and easily create ethos universal wallet along with smart key allowing unprecedented access and flexibility when comes traditional finance. including the ethos universal wallet the bedrock api, give the ability for any consumer, developer business programmatically create these feature-rich wallets which can form the foundation any crypto application. ethos relay relays will extremely important when considering how value moves from one place another. building top open protocol such atomic swaps, relay required provide services such centralized order books and oracles. one the features that ethos bedrock will include open relay mechanism that will also form the backbone our one-click diversification feature. think this sort "aggregated order book" that will plug into various exchanges and liquidity providers. one the key requirements for atomic swaps neutral communication layer which, along with the other features the relay, will provide powerful scalable system that will fuel the dream ecosystem financial applications. the ethos relay will allow anyone, whether they are front-end user institution small business, seamlessly interact and transfer value across open protocols. ethos fiat gateway bridging the fiat/crypto airgap one the big problems ethos aims tackle. this issue largely regulatory and compliance rather than technical one, yet the task providing affordable, competitive rates for crypto buyers remains challenge. ethos has brought significant talent and developing innovative legal and regulatory approaches tackle this problem, with the aim integrating these solutions into the ethos bedrock api architecture. anticipate that this will require kyc/aml, meaning there will additional verification from developers for this and other ethos bedrock capabilities. ethos the api would provide services such fiat conversion, buying and selling crypto and fiat transfers. believe that crypto should never aim replace fiat currencies but rather complement them. crypto should seen means disrupt existing structures while making the economy more efficient. for this reason, see the fiat gateway being fundamental piece ethos bedrock. ethos broadcast the final pieces the core ethos bedrock api ethos broadcast. ethos will generating massive amount data that will valuable crypto applications such full node blockchain data, historical price data, predictions data, aggregated market sector data and ethos relay data, which will made open through the ethos bedrock apis. believe that the combination these four components will create the backbone for new wave innovation crypto services that ethos, fintech companies and independent developers have yet create! welcome the smart economy ethos bedrock just the beginning highly ambitious vision that we've set out and are continuing refine and articulate. firmly believe that cryptocurrencies are not only here stay, but can bring about enormous positive change for lot people around the world seize the opportunity together. ethos committed playing role helping realize the vision the smart economy one that equitable, fair, empowering, safe and accessible, that brings the best innovations across multiple sectors fruition truly new economy. achieving meaningful mass adoption cryptocurrencies will require lot technical infrastructure achieve and the ethos platform and ethos bedrock are our big bets help make sure that happens, and happens soon. this infrastructure spans creating and managing wallets (both consumer and enterprise grade), connecting liquidity providers, relay mechanisms, oracles, fiat gateway connecting the old and new economy and set broadcast apis making blockchain and ethos data accessible all. consumers, developers and businesses alike will require packages apis and services that will provide new capabilities not afforded traditional financial institutions. through ethos bedrock api, hope act major catalyst new, peer-to-peer, people-powered smart economy. ethos enterprise api packages creating compliant and scalable technical architecture for traditional businesses costly and difficult, will much more attractive for them increase their capabilities plugging into already existing set proven services such those provided ethos bedrock. new economy investment vehicles, settlement services, cryptocurrency payment integrations and many more capabilities are all use cases that hope enable through ethos bedrock. this coupled with professional services will make much more compelling for businesses integrate blockchain into their existing models. consumer applications and ethos monetization ethos will have crucial role monetization mechanism the ethos bedrock api. ethos will consumed the api through micropayments the ethos ecosystem similar scheme aws. developers will have the opportunity build consumer-facing applications top the ethos bedrock api, and earn their application consumes ethos rendering services customers. ethos tokens will the backbone the developer ecosystem using ethos's bedrock api and will required for anyone who wants build top bedrock. linking the fiat economy ethos's ambitions include the introduction hybrid solution where crypto and traditional assets can co-exist across single, dynamic platform that enables consumers monitor, manage and access all their financial assets one place. delivering uniform solution for crypto and traditional assets will critical tool consumer's toolbox over the next decade the natural progression what began the "paperwork crisis" the late shifts away from the movement physical stock certificates book-entry form (dematerialization), complete digitization assets all types. while this transition occurs, the ethos platform will provide consumers with essential technology that allows diverse financial holdings, both digital and traditional assets, made readily accessible across unified platform that enables consumers better diversify risk and manage assets all kinds. ensure consumers are afforded every opportunity succeed building their wealth, grow will also enable powerful new services provided digitally investment professionals, firms and experts within highly safe, secure and dynamic private clusters with the power transform financial services for all stakeholders. ethos tokenized funds, ico and ipo applications our vision for ethos part new standard for cryptocurrency services the new economy. there massive opportunity for companies replace old economic models currently offered institutions such investment bankers, managers, hedge funds and even stock exchanges. recent innovations other sectors point possibilities for powerful reimaginings these structures, that harness technology empower people co-create new models, with new rules. ethos expands its services beyond bedrock, anticipate these changes will become increasingly inevitable for firms who don't change and remain trapped the old financial model. using the legal and technical architecture that ethos developing, are laying the groundwork for compliant tokenized funds, ico underwriting services and even decentralized ipo exchanges within the coming years, allowing ethos deliver powerful new distribution channel for new and existing financial providers products and services. balancing decentralization ripple started centralized service that intended decentralize the future. ethos will decentralize pieces makes sense development, while building existing models success where needed create the right conditions for success and growth through human-centred lens. big issue that the cryptocurrency sector faces that for the most part there "support line" that you can call something goes wrong with your money. while autonomy and control are key the philosophy cryptocurrencies, mass adoption will impossible without proper consumer protection and services place. this why decided decentralize (self-manage) the ethos universal wallet preserve the ideals the cryptocurrency system, but the same time build technical infrastructure that supports and protects consumers. not all pieces the ethos platform need decentralized, and centralizing selected pieces will result better end-user experience. we're committed carefully preserving the ideologies and approaches that make cryptocurrency and blockchain revolutionary, while putting the right services place truly unlock mass adoption. are incredibly excited about the huge potential ethos and the work our team already doing bring fruition. hope you'll join the journey. thank you for reading our white paper, and please visit www.ethos.io and follow social media part building people-powered cryptocurrency platform, and the future investment. ethos this not offer sell solicitation buy any digital assets. the cryptocurrency space volatile. please careful and thoughtful when purchasing any cryptocurrency token, digital asset token sale. this paper can changed any point with prior notice. you are responsible for complying with local jurisdictional laws and regulations. encourage and support reporting and paying taxes your cryptocurrency gains. ethos.io