september https://euno.co introduction the upsurge the number cryptocurrency projects since the inception bitcoin has brought tremendous technological innovation and utility models into the decentralized digital currency space. despite that, cryptocurrencies are still date mostly viewed speculative investment and store value instruments. this notion has devalued the potential benefit their use resolving real logistic, economic and societal bottlenecks, and has necessitated sober approach addressing obstacles their wide public acceptance. indeed, mainstream adoption cryptocurrencies continues hindered polarized perceptions between different actors public entities, the financial sector, merchants and consumers. result, the overall market remains extremely niche, highly volatile and susceptible confidence shocks. face value, this divide can traced (i) wide misconception use illicit activities that has suspended the process public recognition, (ii) perceived risks traditional financial and monetary structures, (iii) overstated weaknesses terms scalability, speed transactions and network vulnerabilities, (iv) price volatility, and (v) perceived complexity use. while those concerns are some extent valid, view that their influence overemphasized due much more rudimentary cause, which identify the status quo bias. well adhering basic requisites security and usability, diffusion technologies that potentially carry broad economic and social implications compel the presence system that promotes active use and curbs early adopter risk. short such design, potential users would more likely retain their preference for prevalent payment methods, barring the few for which the status quo already imposes greater risks. building that, assess obstacles cryptocurrency mainstream adoption within the context behavioral approach from which derive key lessons for the development euno coin. euno coin was created with the aim tapping into the core attributes that have hindered wide public acceptance while not compromising the key features that make cryptocurrencies revolutionary technology: decentralized, trustless, immutable and incorruptible. euno combines solid security features building previously developed cryptocurrencies that have succeeded addressing network vulnerabilities and minimizing incentives for malicious attacks. from user's perspective, euno privacy-by-choice coin focused accessibility and usability through platforms and tools that aim support commercial exchange with minimal requirements operational knowledge and merchant infrastructure. furthermore, euno built with aim survive independently its founders the longer run. embraces community-driven governance structure that promotes transparency and flexibility, and facilitates adaptation the needs the market. terms exposure and user acceptance, introduce into the cryptocurrency space the adoption and convergence incentivized distribution (acid) protocol, the function which incentivize the use euno commercial transactions, and promote wider and more equitable coin distribution. the ultimate vision euno widely accepted and extensively distributed digital currency used consumers over the air (ota) near field communication (nfc), point sale (pos) transactions, with minimal requirements for technical expertise users and integration processes merchants. for example, cases endemic hyperinflation, see reference euno coin theoretical framework the use cryptocurrencies payment medium depends the adoption both, merchants and consumers. although scarce, empirical evidence suggests that with sufficient consumer demand, merchants are willing accept cryptocurrency payments order gain competitive edge and expand their consumer base; provided that their exchanged funds are secured against price volatility. the availability undemanding and uncostly system that would permit instantaneous exchange crypto fiat currencies would thus fulfill merchants' financial security requirements, but not their commercial incentives. the following sections, assess factors that determine cryptocurrency use consumers, and present euno's envisioned use case, governance structure and strategic model for incentivized user adoption. behavioral approach towards understanding cryptocurrency adoption understand what drives cryptocurrency adoption consumers, utilize and build concepts drawn from behavioral analysis technological diffusion. studies undertaken recent decades have consistently found empirical evidence inherent behavioral traits and cognitive biases decision making, diverging from neoclassical theories that assume unbounded rationality actors. those have been widely assessed and observed consumer acceptance technology, which view more relevant the context cryptocurrencies. primarily decentralized cryptocurrencies derive their value from public use. the choice adopt jonker (). simon cyert and march (), tversky, and kahneman, sabrina tom (). new currency, the purchasing power which influenced its extent use, entails measure priori cognitive assessment. second, view that bounded rationality plays major role decision making within the cryptocurrency space, which its present condition mired with asymmetric information and extensive misconceptions, owing deficiency relevant regulatory and financial guidance. from the unified theory acceptance and use technology (utaut) highlight the importance performance expectancy, effort expectancy, trust, price value, and facilitating conditions behavioral intention and technology use. further utilize theories from behavioral economics identify deterrents behavioral intention and restrictions facilitating conditions. finally, introduce the need for incentive system overcome the former and propose structural autonomy support the latter. modified utaut model for cryptocurrency use performance expectancy (pe) the confidence that the adopted technology will assist performing particular task, other words, the perceived success its functionality. this characteristic highly relevant the potential adoption cryptocurrencies terms scalability and speed transactions, well terms varied objectives and utility models. also viswanath euno coin correlates directly trust and the perception security, which are vital adoption intention. this especially relevant fintech applications due the high uncertainty associated with combinations technology and financial services. address performance expectancy and trust with regards euno coin sections effort expectancy the perceived ease use new technology. holds clear correlation willingness technology use, whereby user-friendly systems are more likely achieve wider adoption than systems that require operational effort longer training periods. the cryptocurrency space recognize the influence facilitating conditions and integrated usability catalysts effort expectancy due the available albeit unevenly distributed infrastructure that expedites market entry and exit. while data this area also scarce, safe say that cryptocurrencies have seen significantly wider adoption rates countries that support the presence facilitating infrastructure, such varied options for cryptocurrency funding, user-friendly platforms and exchanges, and crypto atms. address effort expectancy with regards euno coin section price value the cost adopting new technology compared its perceived benefits. cost usage minimal for most cryptocurrencies terms operational use, whereas transaction costs are significantly more economical compared alternative payment and financial transfer methods, including payment cards and third-party mediated transfers. with that said, cryptocurrency prices are highly volatile due the still speculative investment nature use, designating concern for commercial adoption. exclusive certain measure alalwan al. (), luo al. (). venkatesh and davis (), shafinah (). viswanath (). price stability, see that cryptocurrency volatility unfavorable factor the pricevalue determinant and negatively influences user-intention. address solutions price volatility section and from merchant perspective, section cognitive biases that influence user adoption favorable performance expectancy, effort expectancy and price value ordinarily drive what known the behavioral intention, intention adopt new technology. when coupled with facilitating conditions, intention becomes actual use. whereas the promise performance expectancy and price value has sparked user imagination the potential solutions that could offered trustless blockchain technology and decentralized medium exchange, cryptocurrencies have yet overcome obstacles mass commercial use. identify the status quo bias primary factor for this adoption inertia. behavioral economics defines the status quo bias emotional preference the current state affairs, prompted inherent behavioral traits loss aversion, the endowment effect, and the effect mere exposure. loss aversion designates empirically observed bias greater sensitivity losses than gains. influences how people assess uncertainty and has been observed begin the neural level indicating consistent requirement positive decision making processes for expected gains significantly outweigh potential losses. this drive can detected the speculative investment space whereby untrained traders who not preempt their predisposition for loss kahneman (), kahneman tversky (). sabrina tom (). michael haigh and john list (). euno coin aversion, tend make riskier investment choices market uptrends, and over-ask the sell-side market downturns. btc unique addresses btc/usd prices loss aversion cryptocurrencies similarly correlates the endowment effect, strong preference for what already own. the endowment effect prompts people demand much more give what they have, than they would willing pay acquire it. observe the influence loss aversion and the endowment effect two-fold the cryptocurrency space, restricting market entry with exceptions substantial perceived upside, and limiting the use already held cryptocurrencies. result, and "because tend overvalue current benefits and undervalue potential gains, also strongly favor the option already place relative alternatives". this statement underlies the status quo bias, which our view one the major obstacles far preventing cryptocurrency adoption medium exchange. effects biases and inadequate facilitating conditions disincentives for use from value perspective under current conditions, potential cryptocurrency adopters are more likely retain the status quo utilizing available payment tools due price-value considerations, addition general deficiency market trust and insufficient facilitating conditions, which reinforce the loss aversion and endowment effects. more likely for new users enter the cryptocurrency space investors due the perceived upside and availability investment tools and platforms, compared the marginal upside from actual use cryptocurrencies. similarly, cryptocurrency investors would better off waiting for future period the process adoption acceptance utilize their holdings commercial exchange, with broad market consensus that more use would drive the value cryptocurrency. assuming investor with holdings cryptocurrency price and time representing phases the life user adoption equilibrium point which price stability achieved: ... and cryptocurrency reimbursement function clearly, drop purchasing power results preferable outcome for spenders who retain the value their purchased product/service, and more for those who are reimbursed euno coin their expenditures. cases increased purchasing power, the net worth reimbursed spenders outperforms that holders whereas cases major price run-ups, holders are better off, however significantly lower absolute amount than reimbursed spenders, and around the preferable position spenders the case extreme price drop. this adjusted risk-reward dynamic reimbursement brings more value collaborative decision use, due the higher risk negative the case either deciding spend. references ajzen, (). from intentions behavior: theory currency use dynamics adoption and .convergence .incentivized distribution <a<= (hi ,hi (hi ,si <a<= (si ,hi (si ,si final remarks euno coin was created team that believes the significance user autonomy matters personal finance. technology has permitted the presence impartial arbiter uphold these values, free from the sway centralized control and bad actors. however, the transition adoption sizable scale cannot expected easy. requires gradual approach that would moderate risks and ease restrictions habit demonstrate what possible. for this reason, euno emphasizes openness all developments the cryptocurrency space, and flexibility the direction technology and strategy. above all, euno stresses its commitment decentralization through community engagement and transparency. planned behavior. kuhl beckman (eds.), action-control: from cognition behavior. heidelberg: springer. alalwan, a., dwivedi, k., rana, (). factors influencing adoption mobile banking jordanian bank customers: extending utaut with trust. international journal information management, bitcoinist (). venezuela: record bitcoin buying spree continues amid hyperinflation. https://bitcoinist.com/venezuela-record-bitcoinbuying-spree-continues-amid-hyperinflation. bloomberg (). bitcoin ban expands across credit cards big u.s. banks recoil. https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/-/bofa-to-decline-all-cryptocurrency-transactions-oncredit-cards. cohen, (). statistical power analysis for the behavioral sciences (nd ed.), hillsdale, nj: lawrence erlbaum associates. coulter, s., and coulter, "distortion price discount perceptions: the right digit effect," journal consumer research pp. cointelegraph (). norwegian crypto exchange loses case against nordea bank for closing its account. https://cointelegraph.com/news/norwegian-cryptoexchange-loses-case-against-nordea-bank-for-closingits-account. cyert and march (). behavioral theory the firm. englewood cliffs, nj: prentice-hall. duffield and diaz (n.d.). dash: privacy-centric crypto-currency. https://github.com/dashpay/dash/wiki/whitepaper. dwyer (). the economics bitcoin and similar private digital currencies. journal financial stability extreme tech (). major banks ban cryptocurrency purchases credit cards. https://www.extremetech.com/internet/major-banks-begin-banning-cryptocurrencypurchases-credit-cards. grinberg, (). bitcoin: innovative alternative digital currency hirschman, (). innovativeness, novelty seeking, and consumer creativity. journal consumer research jonker (). what drives bitcoin adoption retailers? nederlandsche bank working paper no. kahneman, d., and tversky, (). the psychology preference. scientific american, kahneman, knetsch, and thaler, (). experimental tests the endowment effect and the coase theorem. journal political economy, kahneman, knetsch, and thaler, (). anomalies: the endowment effect, loss aversion, and status quo bias. journal economic perspectives euno coin kahneman, tversky, (). world scientific handbook financial economics series handbook the fundamentals financial decision making. kaidalov d., nastenko a., shevtsov o., rodinko m., kovalchuk l., oliynykov (). review the dash governance system. analysis and suggestions for improvement. input output. https://iohk.io/research/library/#nsjwr. kim, and kankanhalli, (). investigating user resistance information systems implementation: status quo bias perspective. mis quarterly kim, s., malhotra, k., and narasimhan, (). two competing perspectives automatic use: theoretical and empirical comparison. information systems research kryptomoney (). denmark's biggest bank bans cryptocurrency trading. https://kryptomoney.com/denmark-bank-banscryptocurrency-trading. kurnia, s., johnston, (). the need for processual view inter-organizational systems adoption. the journal strategic information systems, limayem, m., and hirt, (). force habit and information systems usage: theory and initial validation, journal the ais limayem, m., hirt, g., and cheung, (). how habit limits the predictive power intentions: the case continuance. mis quarterly luo, x., li, h., zhang, j., shim, (). examining multi-dimensional trust and multi-faceted risk initial acceptance emerging technologies: empirical study mobile banking services. decision support systems, mahomed, (). understanding consumer adoption cryptocurrencies. gordon institute business science, university pretoria. hearn. dan kaminsky's thoughts scalability. bitcointalk.org, nakamoto, (). bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. http: //bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf. pankratz, d., willigmann, p., kovar, s., and sanders, (). framing the future mobility. deloit. payment industry intelligence (). billion cards worldwide with debit card leads the growth http://www.paymentscardsandmobile.com/-billioncards-worldwide/ penfold, (). hayek's monetary denationalisation: model for cryptocurrency competition. gordon institute business science. quantummechanic. proof stake instead proof work. bitcointalk.org, july samuelson, w., zeckhauser, (). status quo bias decision making. journal risk and uncertainty, shafinah, k., sahari, n., sulaiman, r., yusoff, m.s.m., ikram, m.m. (). determinants user behavior intention (bi) mobile services: preliminary view. the international conference electrical engineering and informatics (iceei), procedia technology, simon, (). behavioral model rational choice. quarterly journal economics simon, (). theories decision-making economic and behavioral sciences. american economic review simon, (). models bounded rationality. cambridge, ma: the mit press. thaler, (). toward positive theory consumer choice. journal economic behavior and organization tom, sabrina m., fox, craig, r., trepel, c., poldrack, (). the neural basis loss aversion decisionmaking under risk. science tversky kahneman (). judgment under uncertainty: heuristics and biases. science, tversky kahneman (). extensional versus intuitive reasoning: the con-junction fallacy probability judgment. psychological review, venkatesh, v., and davis, (). theoretical extension the technology acceptance model: four longitudinal field studies. management science, venkatesh, v., morris, g., davis gordon b., davis (). user acceptance information technology: toward unified view. mis quarterly, venkatesh, v., james xin, (). consumer acceptance and use information technology: extending the unified theory acceptance and use technology. mis quarterly world bank (). financial inclusion the rise, but gaps remain, global findex database shows http://www.worldbank.org/en/news/pressrelease////financial-inclusion-on-the-risebut-gaps-remain-global-findex-database-shows. euno coin