the agro token payment solution for farmers... evacash whitepaper content legal notice................ introduction................. about eva.......................... problem and solution............... eva token and economy..................... road map........................... exchangers............................ team............................ website and social media..................... terms and conditions ...................... legal notice the information provided this document does not imply contractual obligations. its purpose provide vital information potential token holders, which will enable them decide the further acquaintance with the initial offer evacash their possible acquisition. sections this white paper can defined scheme emission investment offer any kind. this original evacash offer not offer sell buy securities any jurisdiction. this document prepared without regard any legislative regulatory acts jurisdiction designed protect investors and are not regulated those. some the statements, calculations, and financial indicators this white paper are projected preliminary information. they can based known and unknown risk factors and uncertainties, result which actual circumstances and results may differ significantly from the following calculations and results, directly indirectly provided for such preliminary forecasts. your participation the token distribution program solely voluntary basis. the distribution program crowdfunding voluntary fund-raising campaign. able participate it, you must agree eva terms and condition. and please read them carefully before enrolling the program, make sure that you understand the requirements and risks described here. introduction agriculture essential industry the global economy, countries around the world engage agriculture and they trade agro produce among themselves. the people's republic china export cotton, tea, rice, soybeans and more, china the largest cotton spinner the world and the textile industry also the biggest globally terms overall production and exports. china ranks first worldwide farm output employing over million farmers. the agricultural industry worth trillions dollars with billions farmers around the world, the industry indeed very large industry. the people's republic chain case study export over trillion u.s dollars worth agro produce annually. crop production its crop production greatly increased its first fifty years through organizational and technological improvements. years crop .grain .cotton .oil-bearing crops .sugarcane .sugarbeet .flue-cured tobaco .tea .fruit .meat .aquatic products output output output the people's republic chain the year experienced fall back which its main aquifers led overall decrease grain production, turning china into net importer. the trend chinese dependence imported food expected accelerate the water shortage worsens. however, despite their potential, desalination plants find few customers because still cheaper over-utilize rivers, lakes and aquifers, even these are depleted. china was both the world's largest producer and consumer agricultural products. china has increased the budget for agriculture and continues support energy efficiency measures, renewable technology, and other efforts with investments, such the over green component the $bn fiscal stimulus package announced november inefficiencies the agricultural market despite the growth export, the chinese agricultural industry still faces several challenges. farmers several provinces, such shandong, zhejiang, anhui, liaoning, and xinjiang often have hard time selling their agricultural products customers due lack information. between the producing farmer the countryside and the end-consumer the cities overseas there chain intermediaries. farmers often find difficult foresee the demand for different types fruits and vegetables. order maximize their profits they, therefore, opt produce those fruits and vegetables that created the highest revenues for farmers the region the previous year. if, however, most farmers so, this causes the supply fresh products fluctuate substantially year year. relatively scarce products one year are produced excess the following year because like expected higher profit margins. the resulting excess supply, however, forces farmers reduce their prices and sell loss. the scarce, revenue creating products one year become the over-abundant, loss-making products the following, and vice versa. efficiency further impaired the transportation agricultural products from the farms the actual markets. according figures from the commerce department, fruits and vegetables rot before being sold, compared around typical developed country. intermediaries cannot sell these rotten fruits they pay farmers less than they would able sell all most the fruits and vegetables. this reduces farmer's revenues although the problem caused post-production inefficiencies, which they are not themselves aware during price negotiations with intermediaries. these information and transportation problems highlight inefficiencies the market mechanisms between farmers and end consumers, impeding farmers from taking advan- tage the fast development the rest the chinese economy. the resulting small profit margin does not allow them invest the necessary agricultural inputs (machinery, seeds, fertilizers, etc.) raise productivity and improve their standards living, from which the whole the chinese economy would benefit. this turn increases the exodus people from the countryside the cities, which already face urbanization issues. ref: wikipedia agriculture china] these problems are not peculiar the chinese, they are also affecting the agro-industry asia and africa regions. have identified these major problems and eva will channel its project into resolving the issues: lack information, network, too many intermediaries and transportation these regions. about eva eva aim resolve the inefficiencies the agricultural market, will the only intermediary between farmers and the agro-industry, are building eco-system that will directly link farms, farmers and agro-product buyers a.k.a customers despite their border barriers. with our unique agro platform, believe will able solve some the major problems affeccting the agroindustry mostly asia and africa regions and build network for farmers and customers also provide them with base for information. there are too many middlemen when comes making agro transactions, which counts down banks and numerous individuals who act intermediaries between farmers and their customers, this accompanies price which makes the customers pay more while the farmers earn less during the business transaction. this traditional network process not just expensive but also stressful for customers and farmers. during the course agro importation and exportation this type network might put the customer farmer financial risk. are developing dapp that will serve network and base information for farmers and their customers, eva dapp will allow farmers and customers network and carry out their business transactions easily with the use the blockchain technology and smart contracts. farmers will able post their farm produce the platform while customers will have various farms directly buy from click button. evacash the default token the system. will used mode payment among farmers and customers, can also exchanged for some services the platform/ecosystem exchanged for other cryptocurrencies exchangers and the nearest future will build our unique wallet with internal exchange that will allow farmers and customers directly exchange these tokens for fiat based model. problem lack information: most farmers the asia and africa regions are not informed about the current state the market hence they miss out opportunities the agroindustry. many the farmers end losing their farm produce because they have produced crops that are low demand the current market. numerous middlemen: before most farmers this region can sell their farm produce they have through chain network, these net- work entails individuals and organisations who are intermediaries between the farmer and the customer. this type network can stressful and will make the farmer earn less while the customer spends more. high fees: the process transacting the customer tend pay more bank fees. financial risk: the customer farmer might exposed fraud without knowing, there's tech- nology that assures the farmer he/she will receive the full payment, while the customer can also lose their funds. border barriers: international migration laws can also affect agro transactions customers will have through the process obtain- ing visa and other travel documents the farmer not the same region the customer. transportation: the movement these farm produce after they have been sold can huge problem for farmers and their customer. each farm produce has packaged special way avoid damage any kind. solution lack information: farmers will able subscribe our information portal where will keep them updated with analysis the current market and farm produce demand. numerous middlemen: with our dapp will link customers farmers directly they can buy cheaper rate and experience fair business transaction. high fees: customers wouldn't have pay fiat, though there will fiat payment option the platform. however, both parties agree transact evacash they will pay less transaction fees compared what they will pay they transact with fiat. financial risk: will use smart contract protect our users from fraud when they pay evacash. our built-in escrow program will also protect both parties from fraud they choose transact with fiat. however, the fiat escrow service might attract little fees evacash which can paid fiat but will automatically converted evacash after the transaction. border barriers: with our unique platform customers from all over the world can buy from any farm without crossing their borders even leaving their bed they can utilize our dapp find trusted farm and order any farm produce the click button. transportation: the nearest future will have transport service that will aid farmers and customers with the movement their farm produce. evacash and economy evascash governed the eva community and its value can only determined its supply and demand. eva global alternative currency fiat, peer-to-peer (pp) version electronic cash that allows online payments sent directly from one party another without going through financial institution and government interference. evacash usecase evacash will used for payment between farmers and their customers our dapp, will also used exchange for other services eva has offer the future. believe more and more farmers/customers use our services will gradually increase the demand for evacash the crypto market. token distribution founder&team airdrop&bounty pre-sale&ico advisors reserve swap contract address: xbabdbd- bebebebfb token info name: evacash sysmbol: evc decimal: type: ecr total supply: evc contract address: xbabdbdbebebebfb roadmap team wonderful growth has been achievable due the tireless work eva project team, and their vast experience both blockchain and agriculture. strongly believe that the global growth through the mass adoption our project, our extraordinary fast transaction time and token total circulation are the reason why evacash's distribution remains strong and one its kind cryptocurrency world. michael collier ceo eva cash oluwamayowa faluyi strategist and advisor website and social media website: http://theevacash.com/ twitter: https://twitter.com/evacash_token telegram: https://t.me/evacash btt: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=.new#new terms and conditions the following terms and conditions ("terms") govern the sale cryptographic tokens evc (hereby referred "evc"). the token distri- bution managed evc provide the the token and reserve the purchases the evc issued and executed through the evc team purchasers evc ("purchasers" collectively, and "purchaser" individually). this document not solicitation for investment and does not pertain any way offering securities any jurisdic- tion. this document describes the token distribution which the token (evc) sold. ownership evc during the token distribution carries rights ex- press implied. purchases evc are non-refundable. purchasers should have expectation influence over governance the plat- form. participating the sale evc, you expressly acknowledge and represent that you have carefully reviewed the terms and fully understand the costs, and benefits purchasing evc and agree bound these terms. set forth below, you further represent and warrant that, the extent permitted law, you are authorized purchase evc your relevcnt jurisdiction, are legal age bound these terms, and will not hold evc, its parent and affiliates, and the officers, directors, agents, joint ventures, employees and sup- pliers evc our parent affiliates, now the future and any other member the evc team (collectively the "evc team parties") liable for any losses any special, incidental, consequential damages arising out of, anyway connected the sale evc.