introduction .executive summary overview the problems vision, mission values ii. the market iii. industry problems iv. evedo ecosystem the solution marketplace connect, collaborate with partners create events ticketing platform sell buy tickets for any events with commission blockchain eved token tokenomics token sales token allocation vi. project development stages viii. technical roadmap (development forecast) ix. legal information legal status the evedo white paper legal status the eved tokens eligibility legal disclaimer cautionary note forward looking statements market and industry information and consent other persons terms used further information update prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. introduction .executive summary this white paper ("evedo white paper" "this white paper") drafted evedo ou, limited liability company, incorporated and registered under the laws republic estonia, with registry code seated at: harju maakond, tallinn, kesklinna linnaosa, parnu mnt /-, represented stoyan dobrinov angelov cting his capacity chief executive officer ("evedo" "we" our"). evedo the process developing blockchain based platform aving among others, all functionalities necessary for the announcement and advertisement diverse events well full stack commission tickets sales and purchase features ("bc platform"). the platform will linked blockchain based platform where the event organizer can find, contact, negotiate, enter into contracts with and pay upon delivery all performers, service providers, venues, equipment rental companies, creative agencies, staff agencies, food and beverage suppliers and other partners necessary organize and execute event platform "). within the and platforms evedo platforms evedo will introduce blockchain based smart contracts having predominantly escrow functionalities such storage and transfer cryptographic tokens under terms and conditions set the users and/or evedo. accordingly, these smart contracts will enable the use the cryptographic erc token issued evedo's smart contract which will used and accepted the only means access and payment for services provided evedo, ticket selling, advertising and other premium features the evedo platforms eved tokens" our vision have the eved tokens the main cryptocurrency the event industry and thus make one the major forces empowering the crypto community worldwide. make this reality, initiated preliminary sale eved tokens which private rounds will finish the april and the final public sale will conducted ttps://www.bitforex.com/en under the terms prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. announced herein: ttps://bit.ly/vcmgwi altogether the sale eved tokens ets" all the above shall referred (the project the evedo project prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. overview the problems the event industry bil industry, however, its scalability highly affected the way operates. its inefficiency due the lack innovation the event organizing process. the coordination, discoverability and doing business between the different parties involved very tedious, slow scattered over different platforms, software and means communication event organizers, for instance, continue use legacy software like excel keep track the event project management. moreover, trust within the industry significantly undermined the ack transparency which causes uncertainty regarding the payments which need made and between the participants therein. often, the limited access the required physical and human resources and contacts leads the involvement middlemen that not add value the process but incur large referral fees, favoritism suppliers without guarantee for the best price-quality ratio and some cases fraud and significant losses here are just few the problems that are very real this industry today and are experienced more often than they need to: higher prices tickets due secondary black markets; time loss and poor planning due scattered event planning process across different platforms, mediums, software etc.; ticket fraud that can duplicating selling the same ticket multiple times; delayed payments performers non-fulfilment obligations behalf the latter; lack one niche software bring the whole organizing process inside; lack transparency protection for all parties involved; difficulties finding new venues, gigs, partners and sponsors/sponsorships; difficulties finding, organizing, and tracking technical equipment which rented for the event; prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. vision, mission values believe the absolute decentralization the world, with blockchain playing key role enabling create diverse scalable ecosystems. these ecosystems may perceived value generating pools where all participants can create, measure and exchange the value their contribution. are living the new era entrepreneurship where the good reputation and market usability everyone's services and products crucial for the project's prosperity. this will neutralize great extent certain centralized and frequently biased decision makers whose interests are opposite the wellbeing our society. our team proud part this revolutionary transition towards more transparent and advanced world where there will fewer barriers for projects striving make everyone's lives better! make this transformation reality, need widen the acceptance cryptocurrencies within the key industries worldwide. our mission achieve significant adoption blockchain technology the event industry and have the eved tokens the main means value exchange therein. while achieving this, evedo will add value everyone involved introducing tra nsparency, security, automation and access new opportunities for the participants this ecosystem our expertise the fields software development, blockchain cryptography, event planning, event marketing and online advertising give the confidence creating ecosystem that will collide and combine with the existing business models and elevate the way they work. the core values evedo are: trust, creativity empathy. firmly believe that these are the key pillars all high impact projects. the potential the evedo project derives from our willingness establish trust among the participants the event industry's ecosystem and creatively apply the power blockchain technology therein while taking into consideration the necessities and the best interest each one them prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. ii. the market event management software bil worldwide ticketing business bil based official report https://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/wctrh/global_ticket worldwide artist bookings bil worldwide event rental services bil worldwide event sponsors bil based official report https://www.statista.com/statistics//global-sponsorship-spending-since-/ prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. iii. industry problems below are some problems encountered the event organizer over the process organizing event: booking venue (time-consuming and cost inefficient) the event organizer wishes organize event another country, he/she needs find the most reputable venue for this aim., finding the most suitable venue fulfill the necessities the specific event that will available for booking particular date requires lots scattered work. the necessary efforts include: browsing search engines, intense communication (calls, enquiries e-mail) and lengthy and expensive bank transfers for the purposes paying the rental costs and other fees. further, there huge set term (terms payment, technical requirements and capacity, and other limitations) set different venues comparing these terms very hard process due the numerous factors that need taken into account. this makes the process booking venue unnecessarily time consuming and cost inefficient finding performers, suppliers, and service providers (lack access, time-consuming, cost inefficient) information discovery regarding terms engagement and schedule the manager the performer that you aspire book for the event very pain stacking process other cases, you need use more than one middleman reach the manager/performer who adds the industry standard referral fee, reluctantly unknowingly paid the event organizer. the lack guarantees for payments and performance makes this process even harder for both sides which leads fewer opportunities for them. prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. finding the right suppliers and service providers such creative agencies, technical rental companies, marketing agencies, companies, liquor suppliers, catering companies, logistic companies etc. requires time middlemen, and lot internal resources (sometimes unnecessarily large team) coordinate these complex activities. finding the best prices and capacity meet specific requirements also frequently "mission impossible" moreover, you can never sure the quality the provided services unless you are able get valuable insights regarding the background the services/product suppliers hand. hard coordinate the availability the supply chain before the event happens. this often reason for making last minute costly changes. large portion the profit the industry made through sponsorship packages which are sold companies. they are either willing advertise their services products the event, just wish support means donations. event organizer, you need through lengthy online search, calls, e-mails before finding even potential sponsors that might interested providing funds for your event. how about earning their trust they don't know you upfront how are they certain what exactly you are doing and how you generate value for them? how they know that you are using the provided funds for the purposes that you've promised? the other hand, are you sure that the sponsor will actually transfer the funds and they are allocated this aim? all this uncertainty leads lot missed opportunities and loss profits sometimes this major cause for failure for event organizing the early stages. ticket selling and ticket fraud during the hectic process coordinating the preparation and execution the event, the event organizer also required plan the marketing and selling the tickets for the event. this sometimes requires more than one platform. the fees these platforms vary between and moreover, these platforms frequently withhold the received money for very long prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. period time following the event. the other side, coordinating ticket availability and seat allocation frequently difficult task. practice, the ticket selling platforms would withhold the payments the event organizer until the event finished. result, enormous amount liquidity taken away from the event organizer who needs cover all expenses front this mainly due the fact that due the lack secure and transparent systems showing the exact way spending the proceeds, the ticketing service providers cannot afford release any funds the event organizer before the event. this often reason for the reduced capacity the event organizer invest multiple undertakings and thus scale the business. very familiar scenario describing the ticket fraud factor would the immediate sell out all the tickets following the ticket sale announcement. such cases, the majority least part these tickets are being bought either bots resellers this may harm the event organizer the higher price the resold tickets sometimes reason for the reduced number attendees another issue the hypothesis which the event not conducted. this case, the disappointed attendees often need physical offices the ticket sellers and the refund chaotic event organizing process tailored software the event organizers use mainly legacy software and other workflow organizing tools such trello however, these software solutions are neither tailored the necessities the event industry nor are providing any automation and thus enhancement the working process the event organizer. this leads waste time and multiple mistakes which may result monetary losses well. therefore, automation urgently needed enhance and help its growth! during the chaos the event, all information regarding its execution lost and everything clears out only after its finish. often what transpires not the desired result which due the lack live centralized clear process traction during the event. prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. iv. evedo ecosystem the solution the events industry large market consisting two essential components the business side involving all companies operating this field and the consumers' side. maintain security and transparency, the whole chain needs managed from end end. evedo's solution create two interrelated market places where organizers can bring together diverse businesses and consumers who can explore and purchase tickets, services goods, removing the need for middlemen. our goal develop sustainable ecosystem relevant businesses and people related the evedo platforms. the use evedo's blockchain technology will enhance the transparency and freedom negotiations, and doing will create numerous new opportunities and trust between all participants. the enhanced direct access all necessary resources will significant time and cost saving factor for the event organizers. marketplace connect, collaborate with partners create events the evedo platform designated create the perfect environment for all businesses involved such event organizers, performers venue owners, equipment rentals sponsors. the event organizer will provided with all tools which are necessary to: find directly the right partners, contractors and sponsors (compare fees, reputation and collect data for previous performance); negotiate with them and utilize smart contracts automate the payments made from and the other parties under rules which are agreed them; use single smart contract that defines all payment rules around the event detail. prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. use the crowdfunding features smart contracts lock the suppliers' rates other relevant information the agreement; set price for the tickets; set minimum number tickets sold; and distribute the funds the contract. follow the execution and performance partners' obligations real time while coordinating its team efforts means single point workflow entries. marketplace the marketplace, each and every one the people involved making event happen listed their respective categories. the platform designed effective search engine where the event organizer can find all resources, partners and suppliers listing the details regarding his planned event. the event organizer can browse filter multiple criteria such dates, type event, expected number attendees, specific technical equipment requirements, logistics, hotels, staff needed sight, advertising and media coverage. very important part making the search engine effective the integration calendars everyone involved for the purposes displaying their availability and calculating the process planning. finetune this search engine, will closely working with our early adopters and will apply our deep industry knowledge and experience. prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. intend introduce enhanced feedback model and thus boost accountability and social-proof for all the partners the rate comments functionality. adds extra incentive behave and stick arrangements top the smart contracts. the users will rewarded with eved tokens for providing insightful information. signing when the user signs for the platform evedo he/she needs select the type partner that he/she willing register as. practice, the one user can have more than one role the ecosystem, however the choice primary one. once the user fills out the initial few fields sign up, he/she will prompted with small "personalization" feature tailor the experience our platform user's needs. prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. creating event creating new event function that's only available the event organize role. but all the other partners can apply part event it's open for applications. the standard event has two key partnersvenues performer. once the venue performer/s have agreed part the event you can also invite sponsors rental companies participate. this way, are following the natural order the event organizing business. moreover, creating trust widely depends one's ability prove potential partners and customers that has the capacity generate value for them and deliver his promise. being able demonstrate that you have contracts with everyone the previous step crucial condition persuade the other partners join the next stage. the platform will provide full transparency this process and making the smart contracts information visible for the prospective partners. prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. scheduling each the partners has integrated calendar functionality which gives them easy overview their upcoming jobs obligations. businesses can use the platform access all the resources for their workflow. the event that there are some days when they are not available for booking, they can easily block off the time scheduling tool which contributes the automation the process and the search engine. events other timezones are highlighted such, for international artists. when logged user goes the event section, their events will displayed here divided "upcoming", "planning", "past", and "unchecked" statuses. prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. planning list events that you are involved in, are pre-proposal. unchecked these are events that are proposal but are having conflicts. upcoming these are events post-proposal and have now entered the blockchain. repudiation these are events that are post-proposal which have been put onto the blockchain where one the users has backed out some way and investigation needs occur before releasing the funding. because one the users has not fulfilled their agreement. past these are events that have been completed. negotiation the negotiation part crucial for the execution the smart contract. happens part automatically because each partner sets their default criteria their profile. but can also discussed and overwritten the event organizer. this can done platform only via chat functionality ensure the protection both parties later on. there will need for dispute, for instance. merit the event page common ground only available the users involved the event itself and the staff evedo the event page will contain "roadmap" the event leading it, during, and after, showing the status the ticket sales, and the schedule the respective users. including setup, and tare-down. prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. "check-in" option will available each user and will tied location well date time stamp. users will have "check-in" through the platform, and their arrival must supported multiple other users, all users are considered peers. other users the event will have confirm when peer user has "checked in", this part the repudiation process, presumably your attendance the event confirmed your peers, confirmations are rewarded with system merit. users will each have merit system that represents their reputation the system and based their success user the system. filling their profile this basic and introductory set merit points are served new users who show promise healthy active users their given role the ecosystem. filling out all the fields, setting their schedule, setting rates, using their calendar/inventory tools, being requested events and attending events will all promote the user merit and reputation. participation events successful events will add positive merit where and unsuccessful events will have negative merit based their proposed value the event (todo hard cap/soft cap) posting event doesn't serve anyone post event that will likely not success because will reflect them negatively. all events will reflected the blockchain want condone only positive experiences through the platform. successful events prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. merit given upon successful events, based the attendees (or tickets sold) well the ratio between the positive and negative reviews which will made only attendees that have bought tickets. this way trolling limited and incentive will provided for the attendees leave reviews. ticketing platform sell buy tickets for any events with commission the ticketing platform will solve most the industry's problems are related the buying and selling tickets. the biggest these issues the high number unnecessary middlemen, who drive the prices the tickets. they are less affordable, fewer people choose attend. since our platform works the blockchain using smart contracts verify and record information, large portion these middlemen can made redundant. with the ticket issuer full control the number and type tickets sold, the money-leeching activities both unwanted ticketing bots and scalpers can nearly eliminated. both bots and resellers are very active ticketing platforms all sorts today; have solution. the primary business model for existing ticketing platforms take commissions and cuts from all ticket sales. implementing blockchain technology the existing model, are able connect event organizers directly the attendees.by taking advantage new verification technology, are cutting both complications and costs. this done making events both smoother run with fewer 'moving parts' (people), and passing the related savings both the organizers and attendees. organizers and attendees are not the only ones benefit from cost savings; venues and related businesses can expect see increased returns from the greater number events and attendees due both higher profit margins and lower entrance costs across the industry. prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. unlike existing platforms that take commissions that cut into event's bottom lines, are basing our business model revenue streams such advertising. this what makes possible for sell tickets with commission our cutting edge ticketing platform. this makes unique the industry, giving excellent opportunity disrupt business-as-usual. blockchain initialization, the event's metrics such start/end times, types tickets available, minimum and maximum numbers tickets, and other boundaries are set. once the event released online, will appear our where attendees can easily manage their tickets from range events run various groups. ticket buyers can even participate online community, all with little cost themselves the event partners. evedo does not hold the value any event their accounts. the event sponsors and/or organizers can put money upfront when they create event, and any revenues from ticket sales, merchandise sales, contest/promotional activities are all held securely smart contract. they are then sent directly the relevant partners/company upon fulfillment the relevant obligations reaching pre-agreed milestones. major role our application's value the transparency provided the blockchain. all partners can see their investments real time, have access impartial third-party deliberation when there dispute, and can direct payments directly into their digital wallets. larger venues can benefit from access complete ledger their event's supply chain real-time and year-to-year. our strategy for implementing the blockchain deploy the latest version the event smart contract. this will allow continually refine and update our smart contracts that they can safe and efficient possible without relying monolith code. prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. eved token key characteristics utility token token type: erc symbol: tpt token supply: total supply eved tokens tokens for crowdsale: eved tokens the total supply all unsold tokens will burned decimals: tokenomics volatile eved token one the main factors that inspired tokenize the event industry the opportunity introduce transparency, security and automation into this dynamic commercial field. both processes (event organizing and the sale tickets) involve numerous transactions and long 'lockup periods'. with consideration the large prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. scale the industry and the important problems which are solved through the evedo project, have created ideal conditions for the wide adoption the eved token and accordingly steady increase their demand due the limited supply. the following factors and functionalities will affect the intrinsic value the eved tokens: the purchase tickets functionality the purchase tickets through the platform will done means either automatic conversion btc, eth fiat currencies into eved, direct transaction eved tokens which are stored user's cryptographic wallet. these conversions will made available with the integration payment gateway provided third-part. therefore, every purchase order will 'bid buy" action the market with positive effect the supply-demand ratio. the eved tokens collected the process ticket selling will locked into smart contracts until the event done. depending the event, this lockup period may vary from average between two six months which has limiting effect the supply eved token the market. our aim have more than small, middle and large size event companies well individuals creating events the platform each them will organizing average five seven events per year, and will strongly incentivized sell tickets with commission the platform. this way, significant amounts eved tokens will constantly held smart contracts and hence out circulation. this expected tremendously drive the value the eved token because bigger events can have very long waiting periods before the events are actually finished and the lock-up periods are over. advertising the facebook business model proved that the user's attention the ultimate currency, and when combined with valuable data can make any platform efficient advertising tool. when comes generating attention, there better industry involved than the event industry. our platform benefits from the marketing and sales activities prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. the event organizers: they always display the logo and website the page where tickets are available for purchase their advertising materials. this regard, the platform will structured social media website where the managers, artists, event organizers and attendees will able set profiles, interact with each other, form groups attending particular type events, have community management tools and sharing their experiences, etc. all the above are great prerequisites have enormous amount daily use the platform, which can used gather data and create invaluable tool for advertising. the service providers, performers, music labels, agencies and venues will able advertise their services directly the event organizers the platform where their focus group business clients is. the eved token will the only means payment for the advertising services available the evedo platforms. subscription fees mentioned above, the platform will marketplace where the event organizer will able find, communicate, create smart contracts, and pay any service provider, venue, performer, goods supplier, agency, other professional. all the participants this ecosystem are incentivized participate therein. the event organizer can find the best prices, conduct communication very convenient way, and have use suite event management tools save both money and time. the other hand, the other participants are willing find clients and partners, sell services, market their goods/services sponsoring events etc. result, unique value proposition set which worth paying monthly/annual subscription fee for generated for each business the platform. eved token will be, again, the only means payment subscription fees. all the tokens received this way will used encourage new users join the platform. payments prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. there are numerous payments involved the process creating event. the event organizer needs pre-pay (partially fully) the venue, the food, beverages, services suppliers, staff agencies, performers, etc. within the platform, the event organizer together with its counterparties will able create smart contracts setting the terms and conditions under which the release the funds therein will made the respective contractor. accordingly, will able achieve more security and transparency for both sides which will aware that the funds are available while still being sure that payment will made delivery. some the amounts involved transactions are quite significant, will introduce mixed payment method stable token and eved token. mentioned above, the evedo platforms will have multiple incentives for direct payment with eved tokens for the services supplied therein. the businesses will incentivized progressively accept payments made the volatile token. example for such stimulus the introduction ranking system the and platforms which based acceptance eved tokens. moreover, some businesses may elect 'hold' eved tokens due price volatility reasons. another positive aspect the transactions that often the eved tokens will held for long period time the smart contracts guarantee for the delivery the goods, services performance. evedx stable token the creation our own stable token, the beginning, poses the problem liquidity. counter this will take advantage the stable tokens already having higher volume like usdc. token sales are having only sales private sale ieo. whatever tokens are not sold during these two events are going burned. all the tokens sold through these two events will effectively the circulation supply. prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. private sale initial exchange offering march april tokens eveds bigger tickets are only for strategic investors! april, exchange: bitforex hard cap: eth tokens eveds token allocation prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. vi. project development stages many recent blockchain projects have failed due lack business acumen and detailed plan action. though are confident our project stands, are actively planning for the future development the platform make even better. here are the key project development stages for evedo: achievements date gathered incredibly experienced and motivated team, with expertise technology, business, marketing, design and legal. created the financial and tokenomics models with our advisors, tailoring them the needs and growth strategy for the project. created the perfect advisory board, whose members are actively contributing the development the project not only with their wide experience but also large networks contacts worldwide. evedo entered into key partnerships that are critical for the blockchain and technical development the project. got into the master ventures acceleration program, which helped get the project the stage which currently is. launched the alpha version the platform for testing purposes starting point for technical development. evedo launched international ambassador program including highly motivated individuals with experience and contact networks within the event industry. this will the core pillar our global expansion. attracted more than twenty early adopters from the industry (event organizers, performers, service providers etc.) who are helping tailor the evedo platforms ideally suitable for their daily business necessities. first stage finalizing the platform prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. the first step following the public sale eved will fully develop the platform which will executed with feedback from our advisors and early adopters. since already have most the necessary functionalities place, will not need spend much time this. however, improving the security the platform and enhancing with innovative functionalities will ongoing process. business development once the core functionalities the platform are completed, will begin simultaneous development the platform. this point our main goal will scale the usage the platform onboarding more and more early adopters and incentivizing them use the platform through bounties, airdrops and key partnerships. this aim, our ambassador program will enhance the popularity the brand and enable test different markets and grow our community supporters. all the tokens gathered from transactions will reinvested into the development the platform using them incentive both reward our existing users and encourage new ones join the network. one part these incentives will the initial amount eved tokens available each new account (most tokens for the first users, decreasing for the next etc.). uses will able use this bonus eved tokens purchase tickets the platform only. benefit from this, the users will required use "share" button and hence share their purchase their social media channels. mentioned above, the social media aspect the platform essential for the creation and effective use the advertising tools. even more valuable when event organizers can track the reactions the audience real time and gain valuable insights. this aim, users will rewarded with tokens for activities related the event for tagging #evedo #event with the event name social media. such rewards will also provided for taking surveys taking part specific ongoing activities during the event. this will encourage prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. users more involved the ecosystem, creating efficient community-driven marketing tool. boosting the platform following the development the community gathered through the platform and having developed both brand awareness and key partnerships with music labels, venues, event organizers, and diverse brands sponsoring the event industry etc., will launch the platform several markets that have identified together with our advisors and ambassadors. the first users the platform will incentivized with free lifetime subscription and initial amount eved tokens spent advertising and other premium features within the platform. the business model the platform based transaction fees. therefore, evedo will introduce referral program where users receive referral link, with the ability receive percentage all transaction fees incurred transactions made the referred users. when using the referral link, the newly invited users will granted with additional bonus eved tokens. prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. vii. roadmap april idea start and excitement. june white paper, tech architecture, and team structure. july company design, branding and content strategy. marketing structure. company legal set etc. august onboarding key figures the industry. onboarding awesome influencers that believe us. gaining early adopters for the platform. tge landing page launch and social profiles development. september exclusive token sale. onboarding more blockchain advisers. october reaching out early adopters. architecting the marketplace. architecture. draft detailed product roadmap. alpha marketplace launch. execute ieo. ticket sales starts with early adopters. alpha launch. beta launch. implementing blockchain. beta version launch. prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. viii. technical roadmap (development forecast) our plan develop the evedo platforms divided into three phases. want put the customers first and foremost since they're the driver for the entire industry. their problems are the most systemic all; scalping and ticket fraud. accordingly, developing the platform our main focus during phase while also developing sales and marketing platform for the company build community and rapport with the customers. phase will include building the design and development departments, well sales and marketing initiatives. users can look forward the launch the platform beta hich will have more advanced features for organizers/promoters well companies seeking branded marketplaces for ticket sales and community management. partners can look forward being able set their profiles for the platform alpha. order participate, entertainers and venue owners will able sign for free participate event opportunities and have access tools focus their craft and less the logistics. this will allow users managing their tickets look forward tools scan and validate tickets real time the events question. phase iii once have thoroughly user tested all aspects our and platforms, will bridge the two using our event and ticket smart contracts. partners will able track their investments event and consumers can appreciate commissions and less scalping and ticket fraud. beyond then, the team will continue develop the advertising and subscription models, finalize the betas the evedo platforms well continue develop stronger, safer, faster, and cheaper smart contracts for use with its tokens with strong focus quality, design, and user experience. prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. ix. legal information this section titled "legal information" and all subsections below you will find information regarding the legal status the project, the eved token, evedo, the evedo white paper, regulatory aspects the token sale well information the prohibited jurisdictions which residents will not allowed participate the sale eved token. please, note that any analysis which made hereby based our preliminary assessment and cannot perceived legal, regulatory, investment tax advice you. ensure certainty regarding any matters concerning the purchase eved token, please, use the services any professionals such lawyers, tax or/and investment advisors. this english-language version the evedo white paper the primary official source information about the evedo token. the information contained herein may translated into other languages from time time may used the course written verbal communications with existing and prospective community members, partners, etc. the course translation communication like this, some the information contained this paper may lost, corrupted misrepresented. the accuracy such alternative communications cannot guaranteed. the event any conflicts inconsistencies between such translations and communications and this official english-language white paper, the provisions the original english-language document shall prevail. legal status the evedo white paper the evedo white paper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice sell, any solicitation any offer purchase any eved token nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract purchase decision. such solicitation may done only means private offer potential purchasers prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. means public offering made agent evedo distribution agent "). the purpose the evedo white paper present evedo, its technology, business model and the potential eved token and the event industry general information potential eved token holders connection with the proposed eved token sale ets "). the information set forth herein may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. its sole purpose provide relevant and reasonable information potential eved token holders order for them determine whether undertake thorough analysis evedo and the project with the intent acquiring eved tokens. all relevant legal information contained the token purchase terms and the token purchase agreement. this evedo white paper does not have binding nature neither for evedo, nor for any other legal entity natural person terms entering into any contract binding legal commitment relation the sale and purchase the eved token and cryptocurrency another form payment accepted the basis this evedo white paper. any purchase eved token shall made either under the terms and conditions set separate agreement between the buyer and evedo the terms and conditions provided the distribution agent. the event that the information provided under this evedo white paper contradicts the said terms and conditions, the latter shall have prejudice and shall apply. this regard, the evedo white paper may not used for reference such documents for the purposes complementing the terms stipulated therein unless unconditional change the information provided herein accepted the parties such agreement. the information provided under the evedo white paper has not been subject coordination, approval examination any regulatory body. evedo does not intend promise undertake such actions for the purposes achieving full compliance within any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. the evedo white paper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. any person that undertakes unauthorized distribution and dissemination the evedo white paper including any modification the terms and information provided herein shall bear unlimited liability for any loss damages suffered evedo due the respective breach. legal status the eved tokens according our preliminary analysis which reliance established hereby, eved tokens are utility access cryptographic tokens which will accepted means payment for subscription fees, purchase tickets, advertisement fees and other services evedo and the event organizers. does not grant any additional rights such dividend distribution, profit sharing any other rights which are typical for financial instruments and therefore may not qualified such. moreover, any fluctuation the intrinsic value the eved token may triggered future unpredictable events which would only subject accidental and uncertain circumstances which are not controlled evedo. therefore, any speculative incentive purchase eved tokens would secondary nature and such purchase not recommended advised for. accordingly, the eved token holders intending purchase eved token with speculative purposes are exposed numerous risks and laws and acts that ensure disclosure and represent regulatory scrutiny for investors' protection are applicable case that unfavourable circumstances cause the reduction the price eved token despite evedo's efforts prevent such effect. the eved tokens are also not depository receipt respect shares; nor they represent bonds other forms securitized debt; nor contract that can physically settled with the delivery underlying asset (derivatives). their acceptance means payment will limited the evedo platforms, the eved tokens shall not qualified assets with any financial nature but rather contractually stipulated means value exchange. thus they fall outside the prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. scope the definition "security" under mifid and the corresponding national law the republic estonia. the eved tokens not represent any form financial instrument under the markets financial instruments directive ('mifid ii'). the eved tokens cannot considered transferable securities since they not represent shares other security equivalent share that would grant their holders rights dividends, voting rights profit-sharing evedo other legal entity operating within the evedo platforms. the eved tokens are also not depository receipt respect shares; nor they represent bonds other forms securitized debt; nor contract that can physically settled with the delivery underlying asset (derivatives). thus, they fall outside the scope the definition "security" under mifid and the corresponding national law the republic estonia. further, eved tokens not fall the category money market instruments they not represent securitised debt that their holder might receive maturity date. the eved tokens are not shares collective investment undertakings (ucits aif), since the sale tokens does not possess two the three criteria that should present cumulatively ("general commercial industrial purpose" and "view generating pooled return") order define collective investment undertaking. accordingly, evedo does not qualify investment firm under mifid ii, asset management company collective investment undertaking under the ucits directive, neither the company manager alternative investment fund under the aifm directive. the cryptographic tokens sale itself does not constitute any form regulated investment activity such placing, dealing advising financial instruments managing marketing collective investment schemes under mifid ii, ucits directive, aifm directive, the prospectus directive. prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. furthermore, eved tokens not represent funds defined the payment services directive thus the sale eved tokens cannot considered provision payment services that would fall within the scope psd. the eved tokens are not electronic money under the electronic money directive they can used medium exchange only within the evedo platforms and not represent prepaid stored value issued exchange for funds that accepted widespread mean payment any legal natural person. since the cryptocurrencies are not recognized national european level actual currencies (i.e. money issued national bank state), the requirements for legal entities operating currency exchange not apply for the evedo platforms. the eved tokens not represent insurance contracts, they are used only means payment the contractual relations entered directly between the platform user and the provider the corresponding service/goods (msp, mes). therefore the evedo platforms are not considered any form investment insurance funds, there joint venture for the realization profit for sharing risk among users. should pointed out, however, that the above statements represent legal opinion. instead, they express our personal understanding the legal nature the eved tokens, and hence may not relied upon any kind advice, they intend merely provide you with some background the nature the tokens and the current status legislation. the opinions reflected herein may change without notice (for example case regulatory changes) and the opinions expressed herein not necessarily correspond the opinions the public authorities estonia other jurisdictions where the tokens might offered. with regard the above eved tokens have not been registered under the securities laws any country, including the securities laws the republic estonia any other jurisdiction which potential token holder resident. the activities the evedo platforms are not regulated any public authority prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. the republic estonia any other jurisdiction which potential token holder resident. the activities the evedo platform are not regulated any public authority the republic estonia any other jurisdiction which potential token holder resident. eligibility the information provided this white paper not addressed any legal entity natural person residing any jurisdiction where the offering and purchase sale cryptographic tokens with the legal nature eved token are prohibited where eved tokens are treated financial instrument their offering, purchase sale are qualified regulated activity prohibited jurisdictions including but not limited to: united states america canada; north korea; afghanistan; mainland china; congo; eritrea; iran; iraq;libya; ivory coast; lebanon; south sudan; australia; saudi arabia; algeria. legal natural persons which are any trade economic sanctions lists, such the security council sanctions list, designated "specially designated national" ofac (office foreign assets control the u.s. treasury department) placed the u.s. commerce department's "denied persons list" any other list with restricted persons for the purposes the prevention money laundering shall also not eligible purchase eved token. you maintain full responsibility check you are resident prohibited jurisdiction. you, however, participate the ets any stage breach this obligation, you will bear unlimited liability for any damage that this might cause evedo. legal disclaimer the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, evedo and/or the distribution agent shall not liable for any indirect, special, prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this white paper any part thereof you any third-party which related you. evedo and/or the distribution agent does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out the evedo white paper. such representations may made case case basis only and would specifically addressed person whom evedo enters into contractual relations with. regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated with cryptocurrencies and initial coin offering the european union. that respect, regulatory measures, investigations actions may impact evedo's business and even limit prevent from developing its operations the future. any person legal entity undertaking acquire eved tokens must aware the existence regulatory risks which are due the lack clear regulations certain jurisdictions. additionally, the evedo white paper may change significantly need modified because new regulatory and compliance requirements from any applicable laws many jurisdictions. such case, purchasers and anyone undertaking acquire eved tokens acknowledge and understand that neither evedo nor any its affiliates shall held liable for any direct indirect loss damage caused such changes. representations and warranties made you means mere access and/or accepting possession any information the evedo white paper any part thereof (as the case may be), you are providing evedo and/or the distribution agent with the following representations and warranties: prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. you agree and acknowledge that the eved tokens not constitute securities any form any jurisdiction including the jurisdiction where you are currently resident; you agree and acknowledge that the evedo white paper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any jurisdiction solicitation for investment securities and you are not bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency another form payment accepted the basis this white paper except for the cases where binding agreement entered into you and evedo; you accept and acknowledge that the evedo white paper has not been subject any regulatory examination approval based the information set out hereby, and action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution dissemination the evedo white paper you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with; you agree and acknowledge that promise provided for future earnings increase the market price the eved tokens although any precursors this aim may provided the evedo white paper and such increase the price not main incentive purchase eved tokens but rather your willingness support the project you share its vision, mission and values, well your intention use the eved tokens means access and payment within the evedo platforms; you have undertaken all necessary actions discover whether not the distribution dissemination the evedo white paper, any part thereof any copy thereof, acceptance the same you, prohibited restricted the applicable laws, regulations rules your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions relation possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions your own expense and liability may borne evedo and/or the distribution agent; the case where you wish purchase any eved tokens, you have undertaken all necessary actions discover whether not the eved tokens are construed, interpreted, classified treated as: prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. (a) any kind currency other than cryptocurrency which regulated your jurisdiction; (b) debentures, stocks shares issued any person entity (whether evedo and/ the distribution agent); (i) rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares; (ii) rights under contract for differences under any other contract the purpose pretended purpose which secure profit avoid loss; (iii) units collective investment scheme; (iv) units business trust; (v) derivatives units business trust; (vi) any other security class securities. (c) you have undertaken all necessary actions discover whether not you are currently residing prohibited jurisdiction; (d) you have basic but sufficient degree understanding the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology the extent that you can make your own judgement purchasing cryptocurrencies and can execute the process purchase and storage independently and safely; (e) you are fully aware and understand that the case where you wish purchase any eved tokens, there are risks associated with the business undertaking and the operations evedo and the distribution agent which may affect you and the consequent distribution the eved tokens (each referred the evedo white paper); (f) you agree and acknowledge that neither evedo nor the distribution agent liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this white paper any part thereof you any third-party related you; (g) you have found that your access the information contained the evedo white paper and/or purchase eved tokens may violate any regulatory prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. requirements your jurisdictions any other way would trigger any liability for evedo and/or the distribution agent, you must immediately cease access this white paper and shall abstain from purchasing eved tokens; and (g) all the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and non-misleading from the time your access and/or acceptance possession the evedo white paper such part thereof (as the case may be). cautionary note forward looking statements all statements contained herein, statements made press releases, articles any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made evedo and/or the distribution agent their rightful respective directors, executive officers employees acting behalf evedo the distribution agent (as the case may be), that are not statements historical fact, constitute "forward-looking statements". some these statements can identified forward-looking terms such "aim", "target", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "project", "should", "would", "will" other similar terms. however, these terms are not the exclusive means identifying forward-looking statements. all statements addressing evedo's and/or the distribution agent's financial position, business strategies, future token price anticipations, plans and prospects and the future prospects the industry which evedo and/or the distribution agent are forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements, including but not limited statements evedo's and/or the distribution agent's revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed the evedo white paper regarding evedo and/or the distribution agent are matters that are not historical facts, but only predictions. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements evedo and/or the distribution agent prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. materially different from any future results, performance achievements expected, expressed implied such forward-looking statements. these factors include, amongst others: (a) changes political, social, economic and stock cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment the countries which evedo and/or the distribution agent conduct its respective businesses and operations; (b) the risk that evedo and/or the distribution agent may unable execute implement their respective business strategies and future plans; (c) changes interest rates and exchange rates fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; (d) changes the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth evedo and/ the distribution agent; (e) changes the availability and fees payable evedo and/or the distribution agent connection with their respective businesses and operations; (f) changes the availability and salaries employees who are required evedo and/or the distribution agent operate their respective businesses and operations; (g) changes preferences customers evedo and/or the distribution agent; (h) changes competitive conditions under which evedo and/or the distribution agent operate, and the ability evedo and/or the distribution agent compete under such conditions; (i) changes the future capital needs evedo and/or the distribution agent and the availability financing and capital fund such needs; (j) war acts international domestic terrorism; (k) occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations evedo and/or the distribution agent; (l) other factors beyond the control evedo and/or the distribution agent; and (m) any risk and uncertainties associated with occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations evedo and/or the distribution agent and their businesses and operations, the eved tokens. all forward-looking statements made attributable occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. the businesses and/or operations evedo and/or the distribution agent persons acting behalf occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations evedo and/or the distribution agent are expressly qualified their entirety such factors. given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations evedo and/or the distribution agent materially different from that expected, expressed implied the forward-looking statements the evedo white paper, undue reliance must not placed these statements. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the date this white paper. neither evedo, the distribution agent nor any other person represents, warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance achievements occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations evedo and/or the distribution agent will discussed those forward-looking statements. the actual results, performance achievements occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations evedo and/or the distribution agent may differ materially from those anticipated these forward-looking statements. nothing contained the evedo white paper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance policies occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations evedo and/or the distribution agent. further, occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations evedo and/or the distribution agent disclaim any responsibility update any these forward-looking statements publicly announce any revisions these forward-looking statements reflect future developments, events circumstances, even new information becomes available other events occur the future. prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. market and industry information and consent other persons this white paper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, well market research, publicly available information and industry publications. such surveys, reports, studies, market research, publicly available information and publications generally state that the information that they contain has been obtained from sources believed reliable, but there can assurance the accuracy completeness such included information. save for evedo, the distribution agent and their respective directors, executive officers and employees, person has provided his her consent the inclusion his her name and/ other information attributed perceived attributed such person connection therewith the evedo white paper and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information such person and such persons shall not obliged provide any updates the same. while evedo and/or the distribution agent have taken reasonable actions ensure that the information extracted accurately and its proper context, evedo and/or the distribution agent have not conducted any independent review due diligence the information extracted from third party sources, verified the accuracy completeness such information ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. consequently, neither evedo, the distribution agent, nor their respective directors, executive officers and employees acting their behalf makes any representation warranty the accuracy completeness such information and shall not obliged provide any updates the same. prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper. terms used facilitate better understanding the eved tokens being offered for purchase the distribution agent, and the businesses and operations evedo and/or the distribution agent, certain technical terms and abbreviations, well as, certain instances, their descriptions, have been used this white paper. these descriptions and assigned meanings should not treated being definitive their meanings and may not correspond standard industry meanings usage. words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa. references persons shall include corporations. further information update evedo will make all reasonable efforts but shall not bear the obligation periodically update the information provided the evedo white paper the project develops and significant insignificant changes the provided information may occur. any updated version the evedo white paper shall found https://www.evedo.co/ prior accessing and reading any information displayed this white paper, please, refer the section "legal information" and find out whether you are eligible continue accessing the information well educate yourself regarding the risks, lack reliance, warranties and the non-binding nature the evedo white paper.