technologies epaper version table contents abstract introduction history founder problem statement rationale technology milestones everus world ecosystem evr token everus multi-crypto wallet ... supported cryptocurrency everus merchant solutions ... evermo everus services blockchain service (baas) everus whitepaper copyright (c) everus technologies. all right reserved. it's mission build the everus digital ecosystem pioneer and push for widespread adoption blockchain worldwide for real-life solutions. srinivas dati founder everus technologies everus whitepaper copyright (c) everus technologies. all right reserved. introduction incorporated everus blockchain technology company that pioneering the widespread adoption blockchain worldwide for real-life solutions. everus enables opportunities the blockchain industry, and always looking ways accelerate the mainstream adoption cryptocurrencies while focusing the development the everus world ecosystem and its range user services. the name everus was inspired characteristics the blockchain immutable and synergistic through its decentralized power. what have created borderless digital infrastructure, designed create thriving ecosystem merchants, services, and customers which rewards its users. having grown tremendously over the years, everus has increased both its customer base well its knowledge and skills technological innovations. date, everus has offices malaysia, singapore, hong kong, india, switzerland and united states with over everus wallet users over countries thus far. ensure its solutions and services meet the strict regulations found many parts the world needs, everus has consistently been working with the governing bodies ensure full compliance. since april everus has been recognized official reporting institution the central bank malaysia compliance with the anti-money laundering and counter financing terrorism (aml/cft) digital currencies (sector policy. everus will continue comply and work with the governing bodies and other related-regulators order fulfill duties business entity and educator within the industry. everus will live its responsibility ensuring all activities are transparent. everus whitepaper copyright (c) everus technologies. all right reserved. history the idea digital financial and commercial ecosystem was born. experiments were done test possible market adoption strategies populate the ecosystem with users. users were assigned e-wallets and allocated tokens based their respective contributions. however, the usability these tokens was limited transfers between users and required more features viable alternative fiat currency. chat function was introduced add value the wallet and boarding merchants began. integration with several payment service providers (psps) opened doors bill payments, top-ups, and consumer networks. with margin provided the merchants and psps, discounts were given the users instead being retained profits. naturally the user base grew, leading increasing downloads, transactions, mobile top-ups and purchases. even without advertising, the popularity this app grew steadily across borders, traveling word mouth into unexpected regions more and more people took advantage the discounts. with substantial active user base and the rise blockchain technology and its characteristics, decision was made phase out the prototype/pilot program and begin building similar, but more secure and decentralized financial and commercial ecosystem with the help blockchain experts. "the difference this new ecosystem was that would built blockchain architecture, and its tokens would the form cryptocurrency" everus whitepaper copyright (c) everus technologies. all right reserved. founder srin iva dat founder everus technologies srinivas oddati was born the small village vemulawada, telangana, india. help support his family, sri, the eldest son humble mill worker, left college begin working his first development job with ms-dos the early with powerful combination talent and interest the field software programming, sri rose the ranks through the fast-developing era computing. quickly working his way from foxpro programmer, soon found himself building systems for midday newspaper mumbai, before furthering his career programming billing and settlement plans (bsp) for airline companies. oddati relocated malaysia begin work visual basic programmer with mysoft accounting corporation sdn bhd. this kick started his journey technopreneurship oddati moved start his first software company technologies successfully developing debt management systems and learning management solutions. everus whitepaper copyright (c) everus technologies. all right reserved. problem statement the inconvenience transactions via banking institutions cross border financial transactions often involve high transaction fees and the inconvenience delays result bank working days, time zones, validation, and transfer processes. solutions: send and receive funds users anywhere the world via everus wallet and benefit from lower transaction costs and faster transfer times compared those offered banking institutions. lack financial services available the market for unbanked population. with the latest figures unbanked population globally billion clear that order for many economies fully reach their growth potential more must done serve the unbanked population. solutions: everus wallet provides users with secure facility manage, send and receive digital currencies without the requirement lengthy application forms and credit score checks the expansion everus world ecosystem set open wide range financial services everus wallet users globally, providing those considered unbanked with the ability carry out wide range day day payments using digital currencies. the security cryptocurrency wallets along with the growth cryptocurrency adoption users across the world the market has also experienced rise the number hacks against cryptocurrency exchanges. one the main factors affecting the growth, security often mentioned the number one concern those who are yet participate the trading cryptocurrency. the fear growing strong the market. and there are many cryptocurrency wallets that are not safe especially for secure storage large amounts digital assets, exposing private key user's wallet hacks and threats. solutions: everus multi-crypto wallet with multi-layered security features such in-built facial recognition and fingerprint scanning, two-factor authentication and google authentication, offering users extra level security. everus whitepaper copyright (c) everus technologies. all right reserved. overcrowded cryptocurrency wallet marketplace becoming increasingly difficult choose cryptocurrency wallet that catered for every coin and token the market. they are mostly limited few numbers coins and tokens. thus, users have have multiple cryptocurrency wallets for different digital assets there isn't single wallet meet and support all cryptocurrencies for assets storage. solutions: store cryptocurrencies inside everus multi-crypto wallet upgrade everus multi-crypto wallet able store more coins and tokens each month, with the ultimate goal being able hold over different cryptocurrencies. difficulty managing cryptocurrency portfolio there are over cryptocurrencies the market and the cryptocurrency price fluctuates every single second and can very dramatic over short period time. difficult for users track the real-time price and trading chart their digital assets one-by-one. recent years, cryptocurrencies seem have overcome the limitations fiat currencies well. solutions: smart wallet with live cryptocurrency price chart and alerts indication, highlighting and releasing warning users the price rise and fall smart wallet with accounting tools and clear separation spending and investing functions facilitate regulatory and compliance supplementary wallets designed for sub-users (parents/organizations) with assigned authorizations and tracking transactions limited usability for cryptocurrencies there are many cryptocurrency providers existence, and most are using for buying and selling tradable items. its usability undervalued for utilization regular manner day-to-day life. specific parts the world, cryptocurrencies are legal and regulated, for moving towards become asset real value the real world. solutions: evermo platform allows offline merchants with the ability accept cryptocurrency payments, providing added usability cryptocurrency users "insights from the world bank's global findex database" lisa cornish https://www.devex.com/news/insights-from-the-world-bank-s--globalfindex-database- everus whitepaper copyright (c) everus technologies. all right reserved. rationale for the introduction everus the current banking situation has not been optimal for inclusive commerce, and many cases prevented access being able business, send receive funds easily,,,. with the new technologies introducing decentralized finance services the form the blockchain and the widespread adoption bitcoin ethereum and the many altcoins that have followed, clear that this exciting time for change. the founder and core team everus have strong background social messaging apps and managing active communities. having seen this opportunity, they began research the possibility developing borderless currency for the unbanked. work non-blockchain prototype everus began with concept commercial ecosystem using tokenized payments for transfers. since then, the spectacular rise cryptocurrency and blockchain adoption worldwide, and the subsequent rapid appreciation prices brought widespread attention the forerunners such bitcoin and ethereum. the exponential adoption cryptocurrencies currently occurring global scale; adoption further increases, people will naturally begin creating new economy with these tools and start spending cryptocurrency, opposed investing it. throughout this journey everus will strong spoke the wheel, driving towards new horizons, continually innovating and providing innovative fintech services our customers. greater stage, everus will working help integrate its technology into helping solve problems disaster relief, military applications, financial education, wealth disparity, and governance. everus borderless and knows bounds, any financial transaction can implemented with its smart contracts support, and secure api meaning marginalized economies the emerging markets can take full advantage and expand their operations this rapidly evolving digital world. everus whitepaper copyright (c) everus technologies. all right reserved. references: "insights from the world bank's global findex database" lisa cornish https://www.devex.com/news/insights-from-the-world-bank-s--globalfindex-database- sinister vvar our right hold cash" william engdahl http://www.globalresearch.ca/a-sinister-war-on-ourright-to-hold-cash/ "the business humanity" leaf, http://fortune.com////fortune-time-global-forum indian banknote demonetization" https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/_indian_banknote_demonetisation "demonetisation: chaos grows, queues get longer banks, atms week end" pti http://indianexpress.com/article/india/india-news-india/demonetisation-chaos-growsqueues-get-longer-at-bank-atms-on-week-end-/ "china's blockchain invasion" fink, https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/chinas-blockchain-invasion "crypto currency offerings spur speculation frenzy" kaminska, murphy https://www.ft.com/content/cdcc-e-e-bce-fcfde http://www.uandme.org everus whitepaper copyright (c) everus technologies. all right reserved. technology milestones completed research and development: the initial foundations were laid down for everus and the project began its market research and development phases. completed prototype: prototype everus wallet was released the public successfully, achieving registrations within the first few months. completed evr token everus wallet: evr token was officially launched the public evr/btc pairing, listed cryptocurrency exchanges. successfully achieved over registered wallet users date. completed everus mobile app: completed everus wallet becomes multi-crypto: everus wallet becomes multi-crypto users can now securely store, manage, send and receive supported coins including btc, ltc, eth and trullion-e stable coin backed physical gold). with the storage capacity increasing monthly basis. available for both android ios users, the everus app was launched with the purpose providing secure storage evr token provide users faster and more secure way access their everus wallet. everus whitepaper copyright (c) everus technologies. all right reserved. everus world ecosystem evr token built the ethereum network, evr erc- token available across independent exchanges. additional the everus wallet, evr compatible with other hardware, software and mobile wallets which can store ethereum-based tokens, making everus accessible everyone. date, there are over million evr circulation, with total supply billion. the everus ecosystem designed cultivate audience familiarity with cryptocurrency form payment. all products and services within the everus ecosystem will accept evr the prime cryptocurrency, highlighting its usability the process. list available exchanges below: the ppbb exchange supports multiple trading pairs which include evr for users buy and sell. evr can exchanged for both bitcoin and ethereum. fiat currency deposits usd are available well for all ppbb users exchange for evr. idex ethereum-based decentralized exchange offering real-time trading experience and the latest exchange offer the trading evr and other erc- tokens. fiat currency deposits are not accepted. million evr circulation erc- token powered ethereum blockchain global wallet users over countries everus whitepaper copyright (c) everus technologies. all right reserved. everus multi-crypto wallet launched october alongside the evr token, the everus wallet was launched with the purpose providing secure storage evr token with the added function sending receiving evr and from everus wallets. product launch event april saw the inauguration the everus wallet app. features included: enhanced security facial recognition and fingerprint scanning ensures that only the wallet owner will able access their wallet and funds google authenticator identify user identity for stronger security code scanning send and receive funds with ease funds via code transaction history keep track all funds going and out your wallet favourite wallet addresses save commonly used wallet addresses save time active wallets since launched october during transactions versatility the wallet: users will able withdraw all their cryptocurrencies all times, ensuring that the most convenient cryptocurrencies. future updates will include increasing the number tokens/coins which can stored the wallet with the aim providing users with universal solution storing and managing their cryptocurrency portfolio. this line with our ultimate goal being able hold over different cryptocurrencies moving forward. everus whitepaper copyright (c) everus technologies. all right reserved. ... supported cryptocurrency binance coin bitcoin aelf aeternity aion aurora bancor bat bhpcash buggyra coin zero bytom centrality chainlink credo crypto.com cybermiles dentacoin dgd eidoo endor protocol enigma populous ethereum evr gemini dollar golem holo token huobitoken icon iconomi insight chain iostoken kucoin shares kyber network linkey token litecoin loom network loopring maker mixin mobilego nebulas nexo nuls odem token omisego oneroot network osatoken own paxos standardat paypie polymath network populous powerledger pundi quant qubitica revain statusnetwork storj tenxpay theta token tomochain tron vechain waltonchain wax token coin zilliqa zrx dai stablecoin decentraland santimentnetworktoken singularitynet trueusd trullion-e stasis eurs token usd coin everus whitepaper copyright (c) everus technologies. all right reserved. everus merchant solutions ... evermo evermo smart platform that built distribute and increase the usability cryptocurrency for transactions using cryptocurrency offline the everus world ecosystem, benefiting both business and consumers today's retail environment. specifically, aim bring merchants such retail outlets, restaurants and convenience stores the evermo platform facilitate easy payment transactions using cryptocurrency for customers. cryptocurrency transactions are powered blockchain technology, designed give multi-level encryption ensure both merchants and customers' funds are safe. coupled with the everus wallet which provides multi-layered security features with extra level protection, merchants can receive payments anytime from anywhere around the world safely and securely. the everus wallet also provides the merchant and user protection against cryptocurrency fluctuations. part blockchain, each transaction recorded ledger and cannot altered, allowing both merchants and customers track their funds and put stop unauthorized transactions double spending. once payment has been made via evermo, cannot reversed. this also prevents any risk fraud unwanted chargebacks. this manner, the everus world ecosystem provides the perfect platform for merchants who are looking expand their customer base the crypto market audience. the evermo platform gives merchants not only the exposure new market, but the opportunities streamline their operations and business models for the cashless society, while customers benefit being part ecosystem that widens the versatility evr and other cryptocurrencies due its ease, making the token more than just trading tool. with zero joining fees, merchants can accept payments for their products and services with the latest hardware technology, point-of-sale (pos) terminal, providing the easiest and quickest method accept many different cryptocurrencies. the added benefits also provide businesses with the lowest transactions fees the market and faster access cleared funds for cash flow. nutshell, the integration evr and other cryptocurrency payments into merchants existing payment gateways now available using the latest payment gateway api solution, giving users the ability pay transact using multiple cryptocurrencies via single wallet. evermo the onboarding project which will bring the first merchants onto the platform and continue help integrate businesses with the everus ecosystem for years come. each merchant will help develop and grow the ecosystem the roadmap completed. everus whitepaper copyright (c) everus technologies. all right reserved. everus services blockchain service (baas) efficiency paramount importance, with everus solutions leveraging blockchain technology improve existing processes and services. developing real-world initiatives that utilize blockchain technology and smart contracts, everus aims solve problems areas such disaster relief, governance, financial education, and others. this line with everus long term plan ultimately launch white label proprietary blockchain service (baas) platform where companies are able leverage blockchain's ability keep immutable and transparent records well efficient operational infrastructure. the white label nature the blockchain will allow companies across any industry fully customize the blockchain template ensure its nature and properties will suit their individual needs. addition, they will also retain full ownership rights the finished product which allows them use market necessary. this platform will fully customizable and adaptable any client any industry, finance, health, logistics others. not only will the improved efficiency boost productivity, but will also reduce costs and overheads. eventually, everus aims offer customizable baas platforms enhance and streamline governmental processes. features: decentralized and centralized versions available private and public rulesets with different permissions customized white label blockchain available for enterprises with full technical support everus whitepaper copyright (c) everus technologies. all right reserved. technologies follow @everusworld facebook https://www.facebook.com/everusworld twitter https://twitter.com/everusworld youtube https://www.youtube.com/c/everusworld instagram https://www.instagram.com/everusworld telegram community https://t.me/everusworld whatsapp https://wa.me/ linkedin https://www.linkedin.com/company/everusworld everus technologies sdn bhd level the ascent paradigm, jalan ss/a, kelana jaya, petaling jaya selangor d.e. malaysia www.everus.org email: support@everus.org