eximchain: supply chain finance solutions secured public, permissioned blockchain hybrid juan huertas hope liu and sarah robinson date whitepaper: march abstract ships. scf enables buyers optimize working capital and suppliers generate additional operating cash flow while simultaneously minimizing risk across the entire supply chain. more specifically, scf enables buyers and sellers shrink their inventories, collect money from customers faster and delay payments their suppliers. citi recently completed working capital study that showed companies managing working capital through scf were able reduce these assets resulting eps (earning per share) increases the range furthermore, the top companies that reduced their ccc (cash conversion cycle) were rewarded with stock price appreciation[]. eximchain brings visibility global supply chain finance (scf) through smart contracts. build public, permissioned chain for small-and-medium enterprise (sme) buyers and suppliers create supply chain optimization tools and gain access affordable capital sources grow their businesses. our smart contract-based ecosystem allows smes quickly implement customized scf solutions issue digital tokens permissioned fork ethereum supporting data privacy. adopt consensus protocol and quadratic voting based governance model provide practical, finite time security guarantees our public, permissioned blockchain hybrid. from financing procure-to-pay, our products utilize smart contracts optimize the global supply chain for buyers, suppliers, and financiers. eximchain official candidate the blockchain regulatory sandbox program guiyang, china and member eea (enterprise ethereum alliance). according the international finance corporation (ifc), small medium-sized enterprises (smes) developing countries face financing gap totaling over trillion[]. china alone, the vast majority the million smes remain unserved existing financial resources[]. this financing gap particularly concerning because, cited the world bank, smes contribute total employment and gdp developing markets[]. innovative scf solutions offer powerful tool for sme buyers, suppliers and financiers overcome this funding gap[]. innovations this space have traditionally been driven large corporations and banks the field; however, cutting edge financial technologies offer new opportunities extend the benefits scf businesses all sizes. according mckinsey report, the billion potential revenue pool that exists for implemented scf programs, only billion being captured today[]. one primary issue inhibiting the widespread adoption scf programs among smes that they currently lack trusted tool that provides transparency eliminate information asymmetry problems. beyond this, there are quite number difficulties for adoption scf programs global scale: about eximchain eximchain project was kicked off mit (massachusetts institute technology) team with decades academic and industry experience computer science, banking and global supply chain across the world. our vision use blockchain technology bring the global supply chain into the digital era and lower financing barriers for smes. the project has received valuable mentorship and guidance from the mit media lab digital currency initiative, mit center for transportation and logistics, and plug and play fintech accelerator. the project was chosen the grand champion the boston seagull entrepreneurship contest, the engine innovation prize the rice business plan competition, and finalist the mit business plan competition accelerate. the problem supply chain finance overview first all, any supply chain strategy cannot determined isolation. the market for scf programs inherently dynamic: exogenous factors, such interest rates, and endogenous factors, such inventory decisions and capital constraints, influence the evolution the system. traditionally, supply chain management has focused the material flow physical goods from manufacturers end consumers. however, the recent global economic downturn demonstrated that managing financial flows within the supply chain can important managing physical flows goods and services[]. supply chain finance (scf), one the most exciting and promising new products emerging the banking industry, set technology-based business and financing processes that allow financiers fund organization's operations through its supply chain relation- furthermore, the complexity implementing scf across the global supply chain limits its adoption. takes tremendous effort onboard suppliers and integrate the process with the existing operational flow involving finance, procurement, and departments inside the organization. ted information displayed contracts, hard for banks understand the market expectation and real dynamic between buyers and suppliers mitigate risk. chinese trading company, dezheng resources, and its subsidiaries were alleged have used duplicate receipts pledge metal collateral for loans. the result was flurry lawsuits, including the high court case between mercuria and citi, over exposure million financing deal[]. the eximchain platform provides access smart contract history between two parties, which grants banks more visibility into the supply chain operations and enables them better estimate the risk transaction. furthermore, access this smart contract information will provide other financiers, beyond traditional banks and lenders, with opportunity fund and generate value off these transactions. last but not least, difficult align incentives among different participants. suppliers, buyers and financiers are independent decision makers attempting maximize profits the face asymmetric cost structures and uncertainties. such independent profit maximizations often lead poor performance the entire supply chain. the eximchain platform solves these challenges offering seamless integration into the existing workflow smes and enabling developers create customized tools for specific businesses and industry use cases. our solution eximchain offers platform implement smart contract based scf solutions permissioned fork ethereum supporting data privacy. our ecosystem will enable smes gain access affordable capital sources giving financiers visibility into the supply chain cash flow. the first game theory-based application plan build, multi-party dynamic contracting*, (details described under appendix- use case example) will designed such way that partner can improve his profit deciding deviate from the optimal set decisions. that is, there incentive for the buyer, the supplier, nor the financier deviate from the set actions that will achieve the globally optimal solution. the implementation executed the consensus the network standard, automated, private, and auditable fashion. from the user's perspective, after making the initial input and setting the negotiation rule, they can receive the negotiation result from "black box" where the system automatically executes optimization engine through multi-stage coordination until nash equilibrium reached and each participant's incentive aligned. eximchain allows developers create variations supply contracts secured the network and build solutions that are customized their global supply chain. currently, supply chain partners use variety solutions align incentives and mitigate inventory risk, including: buybacks, quantity discounts, revenue-sharing and two-part tariffs contracts. the eximchain platform, developers can build customized solutions based specific industry needs, user dynamics and market competition. banks and anchor buyers can easily scale the solution the global supply chain involving upstream and downstream players. although these solutions will varied, the contracting process will highly standardized and can seamlessly integrated into the bidding process and other supply chain management tools. customized negotiation rules: each graph represents one state transaction. the negotiation will end after all parties reach nash equilibrium based the negotiation rules set each party. grey arrows represent locked status while green arrows represent unlocked status. buyers and suppliers can automate contracting processes with the eximchain network. suppliers and buyers normally have different and conflicting objectives. for instance, suppliers want buyers commit themselves purchasing large quantities products stable volumes with flexible delivery dates. conversely, buyers need flexible their customers' needs and changing demands. the difficulty with global optimization that requires firms surrender decision-making power unbiased decision maker. additionally, establishing trust between the supplier and the buyer difficult achieve. for example ,in january the walt disney company sued blockbuster, accusing them cheating its video unit approximately million under four-year revenue-sharing agreement[]. through the eximchain platform, buyers and suppliers can carefully design supply contracts maximize profit the supply chain with more visibility into demand, inventory and upstream/downstream operations through trusted and secured network. additionally, interactions and agreements are saved automatically with traceable record. private channel coordination: each communication channel private where only the involved parties can see the information provided during each negotiation. the system runs automatically based pre-set inputs and only updates state each negotiation cycle for involved parties. financiers will onboarded the network with aligned incentives. the real marketplace, suppliers and buyers frequently finance their working capital from variety credit sources, such banks, and incur significant financing costs. studies have shown that under the assumption positive inventory financing costs, traditional supply contracts fail achieve joint profit maximization[]. based the limi value for our stakeholders annual working capital loan for smes can unlocked either paying less cover margin deposits eliminating the fee the third-party guarantee company. financiers: the buyer side, company with million revenue and cost goods sold (cogs) ratio can experience cash flow increase $.k per day extended payables ($m days=$.k). parlaying that into -day term extension trade-credit would result potential annual working capital/cash flow benefit million for the buyer ($.k =$m). risk mitigation enable dynamic, real-time monitoring supply chain financing processes provide visibility into the whole supply chain's operations. lenders can now better understand the actions taken end purchasers and upstream suppliers each deal better assess risk. with the combination "purchase money security agreement" (pmsa)[], also known purchase money security interest, the loan, which makes the lender the first claimant the collateral related the loan the case default, the financiers gains much better estimation the risk and return the investment despite all external uncertainties. credit rate arbitration the eximchain platform enables anchor buyers take advantage their comparatively better credit ratings offer scf programs fund their suppliers return for extended terms, lower prices, and improved long-term relationships. this "buyer-driven" model, the anchor buyer becomes the financier the ecosystem. operational efficiency with more information about the trade, the financier could more accurately set the rating and risk factor. increased transparency over trade transactions tends lower the risk factor and thus risk equivalent, which improves efficiency operation and management the loan. digitalizing and standardizing the contracting process, financiers save the overhead effort processing paperwork, understanding different terms, and going through multiple levels manual review make final decision about the credit they are issuing. for example, supplier's access capital percentage points higher than the buyer's financing rate, simple calculation will show the buyer that -day invoice for can extended days without adding costs the supplier. the other hand, the buyer were maintain the -day payment terms, the supplier could achieve reduced carrying cost approximately $,( representing the contract). armed with this knowledge, the buyer could negotiate price reduction based all, some portion, these savings. for company with billion revenues and million cogs, even drop would equate million savings[]. investment opportunity the traditional corporate financing scheme, the financiers would banks, focused assessing the borrower's historical credit, capital position, collaterals and guarantees the companies the supply chain that they are providing credit to. however, the scf view, financiers could any investor anchor buyer who capable assessing and taking the credit risk the scf product. our solution will lower the barrier entry for financiers the global supply chain, and will allow institutional investors and accredited individual investors who are looking for short-duration, low risk and highly collateralized credit products offer alternative funding sources smes the future. buyers and suppliers: working capital management adopting our solutions, suppliers facing difficulties obtaining affordable credit will now able access capital through banks alternative sources. capital-constrained buyers who rely direct financing from financial institution can obtain trade-credit addition standard contracts subsidize their costs inventory financing and improve their working capital. supply chain optimization the eximchain platform also helps participants achieve global optimization, without the need for unbiased decision maker, allowing them share the supply chain's risk and the potential benefit. below example quantify the value created for the supply chain based dynamic contract between supplier and buyer: given the lack transparency the supply chain, see that most smes rely margin money deposits for bank guarantees[] factoring houses get loans. for example, china, banks normally require the loan amount margin deposit depending the credit risk sme. fees charged factoring houses can run high the loan amount every year[]. with the combination pmsa and improved clarity each deal, potentially assume the price product for the end customer per unit, the wholesale price paid the retailer the manufacturer per unit, the fixed production cost for manufacturer $k, the variable production cost per unit and any item unsold the end has salvage value this implies that the retailer's marginal profit for selling unit: smaller than the marginal loss: $*. the optimal order quantity depends marginal profit and marginal loss. the retailer's optimal policy order units for average profit shown below graph profit vs. order quantity. the retailer places this order, the manufacturer's profit ((k*($-$))$k=$k). note that this case, the retailer assumes all the risk having more inventory than sales. problems. recognize that partnerships and minimum viable ecosystem (mve), rather than minimum viable product, are crucial successfully bringing new blockchain solution market. mve: the smallest configuration elements that can brought together and still create unique commercial value mve combining blockchain, sdk, and platform layer necessary bring enough players bear for healthy minimum viable network. eventually, others will able develop solutions our platform and make them immediately available parties the chain. order for blockchain work, the computers the system must validate and agree that transaction was completed. this accomplished agreeing sequence 'blocks' which each contain set transactions. btc, for example, incentivizes participation consensus rewarding the first user propose and validate new block each canonical height. importantly, our design draws distinction between nodes capable proposing and validating blocks. using buy-back contract where the manufacturer offers buy unsold items from the retailer for the retailer's marginal profit: now greater than its marginal loss: thus motivating the retailer order more than average demand. this case, the retailer has incentive increase its order quantity units, for profit $.k, while the manufacturer's average profit increases $.k. thus, the total average profit for the two parties increases from $.k, (=$,k+$k) the sequential supply chain $.k (=$.k $.k) when buy-back contract used. the eximchain platform allows the retailer and manufacturer (i.e. the buyer and supplier) share the additional profit generated from this contract based their consensus[]. blockchain technical challenges with blockchain technology have kept corporate players bay. the time this writing, further research and development for the full potential this technology realized are required the bitcoin and ethereum main nets. these are: scalability- all smart contract code must executed all participants the network. privacy- all information public blockchain visible all participants read. faced with the choice waiting for ethereum end the ice age[] and release casper the coming years, building recently produced viable solutions this area, have chosen leapfrog the ethereum roadmap leveraging quorum, enterprise focused version ethereum released morgan. quorum allows leverage constellation[] and minimal ethereum client fork offer: marginal profit/loss the profit/loss firm individual when one additional unit produced and sold. marginal profit and loss determine the optimal ordering quantity- the ordering quantity that gives the maximized profit for firm individual. supply chain provenance using smart contracts and token system, eximchain can expand the supplier-buyer-financier model and help buyers gain visibility over the whole supply chain interacting with upstream suppliers. confidentiality- private transactions secured the network process automation performance- performance increases handle the load that complex private transactions place the network. eximchain helps automate the negotiation and contracting process through private communication channels. both buyers and suppliers can stop wasting time tracking the supply chain process flow manually and will, instead, able maintain audit the final agreed upon contract real-time through eximchain's trustless network and secured protocol. consensus- permissioned consensus and governance rules drive new economic incentives the protocol level. quorum, and therefore eximchain, designed develop and evolve alongside ethereum. because only minimally modifies ethereum's core, are able incorporate the majority ethereum updates quickly and seamlessly[] the lowest level, are modifying how the ethereum client protocol enables consensus and permissions the blockchain. our blockchain distinguishes between participants that can validate blocks and participants that can propose blocks. the latter allows both secure priva- ecosystem introduction eximchain streamlines complex multi-party transactions scf using blockchain solve information asymmetry transactions the network and incentivize developers participate the evolution our environment. maker nodes maker nodes are responsible for proposing blocks and their addresses are registered the blockvoting contract. the initial set maker nodes pre-configured the genesis block and will comprised our initial token holders who expect will add strategic value the project, however once the network established, this will begin change described below. maker nodes will have the responsibility voting new maker node every governance cycle. nodes can opt become maker nodes they are kyc approved and voted agreed threshold existing maker nodes according the quadratic voting governance mechanism. validator nodes consensus validator nodes help secure the network and they are also registered the blockvoting contract. they are responsible for voting determine which block will the canonical hash particular height. like maker nodes, the initial set validator nodes pre-configured the genesis block.[] rather than proof-of-work (mining), eximchain uses vote-based consensus algorithm that forks quorumchain add few governance rules. the governance mechanism included the appendix for completeness; implementation details can found here. settlement finality registered voter nodes the recent development istanbul bft (byzantine fault tolerance), which will incorporated into quorum, ensures settlement finality and speeds settlement time under second from the current tens seconds tens minutes. registered voter nodes tie real world identities nodes. all nodes (including maker nodes, validator nodes, and other network participants) are required register vote order participate network governance mechanism. registered voter nodes will have the responsibility voting out maker node every governance cycle and may voted maker nodes once the network established. governance the reason why eximchain chose use quorum because the current proof work-based blockchains like bitcoin and ethereum are not ready for enterprise-grade solutions (details described under appendix- motivation). believe the incentives developer pools, clients, and corporates contributing value the ecosystem must aligned the protocol level. this governance model can applied other public, permissioned blockchains that are looking address similar issues. governance analysis important consider the evolution the system and stakeholders the face dishonest nodes (traitors) and incentive driven collusion. recent developments permissioned distributed ledger technology (dlt) have enabled design novel consensus rules that allow for fundamental change the underlying incentive mechanism and actors that underlie the consensus protocol permissioned, public chains. our proposed quadratic voting-based governance model allows for series checks and balances between nodes. analyze how voting system-based consensus model draws clear line between safety and liveness: the percent vote required for consensus trades safety for speed. analyze the counter balance power between actors the system, proposing model that discourages collusion and analyzes the robustness the protocol keep block proposers and validators check under: independent choice, coordinated choice, and bribing adversary. conclude analyzing several failure modes the system and subsequent recovery. the desired outcome keep cohort dishonest nodes from gaining control the block proposal mechanism forking the chain, while bootstrapping cohort honest nodes with vested interest protect the network and punish potential traitors. the face undefeatable adversary leading mechanism failure analyze the time, collusion, and resources required for such attack. while not strictly necessary for the purposes this analysis, important keep mind the real world identities behind these nodes will largely represent corporate incentives the global supply chain and development communities. ultimately, believe the incentives these stakeholders must aligned the protocol level. follows that developers have vested interest and duty secure the infrastructure their applications, clients and corporates rely on. similarly, clients and end-users have vested interest voting smart contract[] quorum consensus process flow quorum consensus block creation quorum consensus block voting ensuring honest development that improves the ecosystem, well vested interest punishing freeloaders the network. the latter reflects our view that maker nodes should represent developer pools, motivating clients and end-users become registered voter nodes participate governance. years and coordination parties. each must capable convincing honest nodes representing the developer pools, clients, and corporates that they are contributing value the system throughout the duration the attack keep any them from being voted out each governance cycle and extending the minimum attack period. all cases, while attacks the network yield several failure cases, the confidentiality private data stored the blockchain preserved. that say, protocol governance failure does not necessarily entail breach security private data long private keys remain secure. undefeatable bribing adversary assume undefeatable bribing adversary who set highly unlikely events, knows exactly which nodes will propose the next sequence blocks and the price required bribe each one propose tampered block. assume all nodes will commit treason for price, the undefeatable bribing adversary has resources his disposal, and driven profit incentive. analyze the cost such attack, over sequence blocks. adversary under independent choice the consensus algorithm and governance not fully open any client issuing commands. under independent choice, stakeholders have incentive deviate from the protocol their attack would defeated the network. nodes cannot single-handedly confirm the proposed block each canonical height. maker nodes who deviate from the protocol would reveal their intentions the network, placing themselves risk being voted off the maker node pool the next governance cycle. both maker nodes and validator nodes have history who voted them into the system, majority maker node vote and invitation respectively; this way the reputation known traitors linked other nodes the system (and real world entities) visible anyone the voting smart contract. let b[], b[], b[n] nonnegative integers that denote the price required bribe each block-proposer confirm the proposed block each canonical height, over blocks. k-strategy sequence that allows the adversary control block proposal over sequence blocks for price assuming traitor added each cycle and honest node removed. the adversaries can assure the above, left the reader see coordination the attack requires collusion nodes over minimum attack duration, before our strong assumption honest initial nodes fails. governance hardening assuming initial token supply tokens, analyze the case where adversary owns tokens and attempting gain control the governance mechanism. analyze the minimum cost controlling sequence governance cycles with length undefeatable attack for concrete example, weeks perfectly coordinated attack control block proposal would take strategy. analyze the cost and time required from undefeatable adversary maintain control the network. our governance model implements quadratic voting making the cost each votes for governance decision cost tokens, all tokens paid are then redistributed equally among the voting pool. assure control the first governance cycle, the adversary must place votes cost v[] tokens, controlling the token supply the second cycle, assure control the next cycle, the adversary must place votes cost v[] beat the possible votes against his governance decision; this can continue scale this way until v[k] where the marginal cost nodes voting against the adversary increases: realized the infancy the network. quadratic voting nodes can make votes for governance decision paying tokens, from there it's just majority vote. all funds raised are returned giving back each individual the voting pool,/(voting pool-) the funds paid the voter. the theory that someone gains from decision being made, and each vote has probability being pivotal, then they have the incentive keep buying votes for long the price the next vote less than px. because the total price votes and know from calculus that the derivative users will have the incentive keep spending tokens until px; hence, they will spend px/ tokens. you can see from this math that the number tokens that voter buys should proportional ie. the amount that they gain from the decision being made. hence, the number votes that voter makes should actually reflect the strength their preference, and not just which option they prefer.[] (votes, cost) (votes, cost) ... (votesn, costn) optimal defense (k- k-) optimal attack: (k, finite attack window sequence optimal voting decisions for attacker would cost: would irresponsible claim undefeatable adversaries are unlikely practice* claim that the protocol will defend the network indefinitely, rather choose err toward practical guarantees that ensure network safety attempting bound the minimum attack period and cost undefeatable adversary. follows shortly that given unbounded amount time determined enough undefeatable adversary would eventually able launch successful attack. the only way hedge against this ensure finite possible attack period similar time scale the minimum attack period undefeatable adversary. years, the voting contract will suicide halting all further change state the network, triggering open-source licences any remaining proprietary portions our software. ... v[k] correctly parameterizing the system possible prove adversary can control bounded number governance cycles that can defeated honest nodes. counter measures the premise attack from bribing adversary valid concern are expect the value the network scale the square connected users [metcalf's law]. perhaps unsurprisingly, distributed concentrations wealth and smaller block size discourage bribing people deviate from the protocol for profit incentive. practice, the non deterministic choice block proposers using random timeouts limits the calculation such k-strategy undefeatable bribing adversary. the cost the k-strategy launch governance protocol level attack scales inversely the percentage validators required for block confirmation and number nodes the network. our proposed governance model allows for series checks and balances between nodes. are experimenting mechanism design trade offs our testnet and will make our results public the coming year. *for example single blockchain enabling export/import (or any other value exchange for that matter) could become military terrorist target. bootstrap mechanisms qvec- quadratic voting ethereum chain peacekeepers application higher level, are creating smart contract sdk. the smart contract sdk layer will allow developers build applications from basic components, accelerating development future scf solutions. these are safety factor initial token holders participant nodes originally launched block makers defend the network and are registered the voting contract part the bootstrap mechanism; these nodes participate consensus but are forced abstain each governance cycle. they will first voted off the block proposer pool make room for new maker nodes, allowing the ecosystem become fully decentralized over time while ensuring the minimum attack period undefeatable adversary cannot want enable the engineering monetary systems and make implementation monetary theory, economics and law accessible developers. the first step enabling the implementation systems that can reduced modeling the strategic interaction between two strategy computation machine players,specifically situations containing set rules, outcomes, and desired objectives. participants can build supply chain applications top the eximchain smart contract sdk: consider the design computational game-theoretic frameworks machine games, where replace strategies turing machines (smart contracts)[]. for example, given the state game, strategy computation machine may return distribution over possible actions, the complexity the computation depends implementation the machine but the interface can clearly defined. our aim show developers how our sdk easily supports complex multi party transactions, enabling them build applications and other supply chain finance products top our ecosystem. smart contract sdk platform development status and plan financing: through instant and transparent proof order verification blockchain, suppliers seize early payment discounts improve working capital and buyers seize credit arbitrage opportunity. q-q signed letter intents from companies including smes, listed company china and cross-border e-commerce platform. procure-to-pay: participatants can maintain audit the final agreed upon contract each step the procureto-pay process real-time through trustless network and secured protocol. strategic cooperation agreement with guiyang hightech industrial development zone management commission and guiyang big data development and management commission, china. sourcing: sourcing platforms rating agents can use the proof existence (poe) functionality- document time stamping, verifying document integrity, demonstrating data ownership without revealing data, provide independently verifiable reputation data. current stage governance hardening inventory management: sharing real-time demand information cross the supply chain, participants can make better inventory plans and automate the reconciliation process across different ledgers and systems save time and reduce cost. first poc supply chain sourcing large scale network testing token generation event supply chain optimization: using multi-party dynamic contracts combination private channels and configurable state machine coordinate confidential bi-level stackelberg scf negotiation (as described appendix). the next few months, eximchain will launch several testnets and onboard smes execute smart contract based solutions through the network. release supplier management: using smart contracts and token system, eximchain can help buyers gain visibility over the whole supply chain interacting with upstream suppliers but still maintain privacy each transaction level. native token swap mainnet launch risk mitigation: eximchain enables dynamic, real-time monitoring supply chain processes provide visibility into the whole supply chain's operations. participants can manage risks one place. first governance cycle second poc supply chain financing inventory/logistics management first sdk release private channels release series confidential two way channels coordinated the fsm (finite state machine). second sdk release second governance cycle fsm coordinates rules and implements mechanisms modeling the strategic interaction between two more players. takes the shape coordinating information exchange between number two way private channels through semaphore notion and embedded mechanism design. third poc supply chain financing inventory/logistics management over the next months, our platform will enable participants the global supply chain launch their own supply chain management tools using our smart contract sdk. team and advisors mainland china. can kisagun co-founder enigma- data-driven crypto investment platform that raised during token generation event previously can worked mckinsey company for years focusing primarily finance and banking engagements. can holds mba from mit sloan and industrial engineering from northwestern university. prior enigma, can was co-founder eximchain. peter missine established himself independent strategy consultant after few years mckinsey co. prior his mba mit sloan, peter spent five years international commodity trader three continents for louis dreyfus commodities (ldc). ldc also worked with international trade flows, supply chains, transfer pricing and anti-dumping. manmeet singh currently the managing partner blockseed venture, expert-in-residence chinaaccelerator and the investment advisor for nanjing municipal government. previously run asia focused financial advisory firm and was the china representative icic bank. william peckham the managing partner proteus growth, cross border strategy consulting firm based out beijing, well china operating partner higherorder vc, crypto currency fund. has served advisor numerous foreign tech startups china including robomed, enigma, rogue initiative, ins ecosystem, and quintype. team hope liu, ceo eximchain, b.a. from peking university and mba from mit, handled cross-boarder transactions ubs beijing, hong kong and singapore for years. she the lab lead the north america blockchain association and has been working eximchain project from mit media lab since she led the team win the grand champion boston seagull entrepreneurship competition and has been featured mainstream blockchain medias u.s. juan huertas, cto eximchain, b.s.in computer science from mit. started coding age and has been technology consultant for startups since was years old. built cryptocurrency enabled game play and distribute cryptocurrency anonymously during his junior year college mit. james xu, architect eximchain. worked ibm for years holding various positions across the globe enterprise packaged software offering manager, delivery project executive team across time zones, and associate partner managing key account china. has extensive exposure supply chain management, retail, cpg and global trade domains. also co-founded startup, building car sharing platform. jia zhang, business analyst eximchain. jia has been supply chain field since she spent years icbc managing global trade finance and international settlement. after that, she acted the chief representative textiles china for almost years, managing local supplier relationships, goods inspection, and logistics arrangement. she speaks chinese, english and french. louis lamia, director engineering and infrastructure eximchain, b.s.in computer science from mit. was software development engineer amazon web services the elastic file system team for over years involved various projects, most notably encryption-at-rest. douglas sanchez, director product eximchain, b.s.in computer science from mit. before joining eximchain, was leading industrial, product and brand design for tulip, manufacturing app platform startup boston. token and participation eximchain platform native tokens (eximcoins) will used pay network fees, validate state changes, and execute governance. eximcoins will also used access applications built the eximchain network developed with the eximchain sdk. token structure because eximcoins will native the permissioned fork the quorum blockchain which will integrated into the eximchain platform and will only available when the platform deployed for commercial use (mainnet launch) (which expected occur eximchain plans sell digital token native the etherium blockchain that will precursor eximcoins (exc tokens) (the sale exc tokens, "token sale"). exc tokens will erc- compatible tokens distributed the ethereum blockchain pursuant related erc- smart contract. shortly before mainnet launch, exc tokens will permanently frozen and not capable being used for any purpose, preparation for being converted into eximcoins. each exc token will automatically converted one eximcoin mainnet launch. total supply exc tokens: fundraising target: us$m equivalent advisors ramble lan the president naba (north america blockchain association), chief architect the regulatory sandbox guiyang, china, and the chairman supply chain blockchain association fujian, china. also the ceo swftcoin (www.swftcoin.com). tiger zhong the ceo trademanger (www.trademanager.com)- platform that provides big data services for small and medium sized business global trade with over active users. has experience providing services small and medium size business china for over years. catherine dai the founder and owner boaotech and hongkong boao, co-founder and shareholder gibostar int'l. she plays angel/vc role for companies ranging from tmt, biopharmaceutical, heavy industry, garment, catering, and entertainment industry china. daniel wang china based, u.s. trained executive with extensive transactional background. currently the director investment fortune company, and used attorney practicing silicon valley, hong kong and token distribution token distribution: sold during token sale: bonus account (including airdrop): sold during token sale: more than exc are sold buyers. each token will sold for the ether equivalent approximately us$.. there will bonus discount available contributors during the token sale. the eximcoins distributed the reserve account will locked and will unlocked the end the -year period beginning mainnet launch. bonus account: exc tokens from the total exc token supply will allocated bonus account. approximately the exc tokens the bonus account will allocated for airdrop, described below. the remaining exc tokens the bonus account will reserved for distribution eximchain its discretion marketing and community partners during the exc token generation event and participants the eximchain bounty program. token sale timeline token sale: mainnet launch and start token listing process: q-q list tokens multiple exchanges: q-q use funds eximchain intends use the funds from the sale exc tokens the token sale for the following primary purposes: airdrop: conjunction with the private sale, eximchain plans conduct airdrop exc tokens persons who were placed whitelist persons who expressed interest purchasing exc tokens but who did not participate the private sale. eximchain will deliver small quantity exc tokens (valued about us$) each such person for free. platform development: this includes maintaining competitive salaries for top talent china and the u.s. paying for software hosting, accelerated development legacy system integrations and acquisition hardware. the hardware and hosting will offered anchor buyers and that will need stand- alone computers manage their respective supply chains global scale. conversion exc tokens eximcoins build the supply chain ecosystem: this includes effort onboard smes through incentivizing early stage users and on-going business development onboard suppliers, buyers and financiers. eximchain will reserve proportion tokens for this purpose secured wallet ensure fair distribution. shortly before mainnet launch, the exc tokens will permanently frozen and not capable being used transferred for any purpose, preparation for being converted into eximcoins. mainnet launch, all exc tokens will automatically converted eximcoins one-for-one basis. additional eximcoins will also created and distributed mainnet launch, follows: operational expenses: this includes basic operational costs such office space, legal costs pursuing and obtaining required licenses, and security measures. eximcoins will allocated promotional account that eximchain will manage promote the use the platform smes and early adopters selected eximchain its discretion over -year period. important that eximchain token holders plan use our supply chain solutions and participate the early stages the eximchain governance mechanism. eximchain will distribute eximcoins from the promotional account incentive for early stage participants who will use the eximchain platform conduct contract negotiations, build supply chain products and participate network governance. smes interested applying for tokens cover development and prototype phases will need sign commitment letter letter intent qualify. however, eximchain may its discretion use those proceeds for any purpose, whether not consistent with the foregoing. eximchain makes undertaking, representation warranty respect its use such proceeds. participation eximcoins will only minted the genesis block, associating them with the wallet addresses the holders exc tokens. exc tokens will only minted while the contract active. the private sale registration was closed jan conjunction with the private sale, total us$k worth exc tokens are available for airdrop. only participants the whitelist can join the airdrop process. the token sale kyc process scheduled continue through march all participants the token sale, including airdrop participants, must complete our kyc-aml process. the whitelist registration was closed jan eximcoins will distributed the eximchain founding team and advisers. will allocated reserve account that eximchain will manage its discretion assure there are sufficient eximcoins circulation for use the platform. the eximcoins allocated the promotional account will locked (incapable transfer use) and will unlocked during the -year period beginning mainnet launch equal monthly allotments. invite engagement and dialog our business model and our ecosystem design. the opportunity that these technologies will unlock for businesses all sizes remarkable and need public involvement fulfill that mission. the eximcoins distributed eximchain's team and advisers will locked and will unlocked during the -year period beginning mainnet launch equal monthly allotments. become part our community, give feedback the whitepaper just find out more about eximchain: visit our website www.eximchain.com join our telegram channels. follow twitter. email hello@eximchain.com. legal clarification eximcoins are utility tokens whose entire value derives from the services provided the eximchain platform exchange for holding consuming the tokens, detailed above. they are not intended for speculation and hold claim intellectual other property cash flows. they grant right participation the company, and claim decision making over company assets strategy. there promise value claim revenue associated with exc other than that derived from platform usage. short, exc are not securities. also, the estimations under value for our stakeholders are based assumptions and there can guarantee that they will achieved. actual results may vary substantially from the figures shown. disclaimer liability the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, eximchain shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you. representations and warranties eximchain does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. representations and warranties you accessing and/or accepting possession any information this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant eximchain follows: (a) you agree and acknowledge that the exc tokens not constitute securities any form any jurisdiction; (b) you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any jurisdiction solicitation for investment securities and you are not bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper; (c) you agree and acknowledge that regulatory authority has examined approved the information set out this whitepaper, action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with; (d) you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion the eximchain initial token sale, future trading the exc tokens any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not construed, interpreted deemed you indication the merits the eximchain the exc tokens, the eximchain initial token sale and the eximchain wallet (each referred this whitepaper); (e) the distribution dissemination this whitepaper, any part thereof any copy thereof, acceptance the same you, not prohibited restricted the applicable laws, regulations rules your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions relation possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions your own expense and without liability eximchain (f) you agree and acknowledge that the case where you wish purchase any exc tokens, the exc tokens are not construed, interpreted, classified treated (i) any kind currency other than cryptocurrency; (ii) debentures, stocks shares issued any person entity (whether eximchain (i) rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares; (ii) rights under contract for differences under any other contract the purpose pretended purpose which secure profit avoid loss; (iii) units collective investment scheme; (iv) units business trust; (v) derivatives units business trust; (vi) any other security class securities. (g) you are fully aware and understand that you are not eligible purchase any exc tokens you are citizen china, citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder the united states america; (h) you have basic degree understanding the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology; (i) you are fully aware and understand that the case where you wish purchase any exc tokens, there are risks associated with eximchain and the distributor and their respective business and operations, the exc tokens, the eximchain initial token sale and the eximchain wallet (each referred the whitepaper); (j) you agree and acknowledge that neither eximchain nor the distributor liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you; and (k) all the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and not misleading from the time your access and/or acceptance possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be). cautionary note forward looking statements all statements contained this whitepaper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made eximchain their respective directors, executive officers employees acting behalf eximchain the distributor (as the case may be), that are not statements historical fact, constitute "forward-looking statements". some these statements can identified forward looking terms such aim", "target", anticipate", "believe", "could", estimate", pect", if", intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "project", sshould", "would", "willor other similar terms. however, these terms are not the exclusive means identifying forward-looking statements. all statements regarding eximchain's financial position, business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects the industry which eximchain are forward-looking statements. these forwardlooking statements, including but not limited statements eximchain's revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed this whitepaper regarding eximchain are matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements eximchain materially different from any future results, performance achievements expected, expressed implied such forward-looking statements. these factors include, amongst others: (a) changes political, social, economic and stock cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment the countries which eximchain conducts its respective businesses and operations; (b) the risk that eximchain may unable execute implement their respective business strategies and future plans; (c) changes interest rates and exchange rates fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; (d) changes the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth eximchain (e) changes the availability and fees payable eximchain connection with their respective businesses and operations; (f) changes the availability and salaries employees who are required eximchain operate their respective businesses and operations; (g) changes preferences customers eximchain (h) changes competitive conditions under which eximchain operate, and the ability eximchain compete under such conditions; (i) changes the future capital needs eximchain and the availability financing and capital fund such needs; (j) war acts international domestic terrorism; (k) occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations eximchain (l) other factors beyond the control eximchain and (m) any risk and uncertainties associated with eximchain and their businesses and operations, the exc tokens, the eximchain token sale and the eximchain business(each referred the whitepaper). all forward-looking statements made attributable eximchain persons acting behalf eximchain are expressly qualified their entirety such factors. given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements eximchain materially different from that expected, expressed implied the forwardlooking statements this whitepaper, undue reliance must not placed these statements. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the date this whitepaper. neither eximchain nor any other person represents, warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance achievements eximchain will discussed those forward-looking statements. the actual results, performance achievements eximchain may differ materially from those anticipated these forward-looking statements. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance policies eximchain. fur- ther, eximchain disclaim any responsibility update any those forward-looking statements publicly announce any revisions those forward-looking statements reflect future developments, events circumstances, even new information becomes available other events occur the future. advice information this whitepaper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding eximchain, the exc tokens, the eximchain token sale and the eximchain business (each referred the whitepaper). you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser regarding eximchain and their respective businesses and operations, the exc tokens, the eximchain token sale and the eximchain business (each referred the whitepaper). you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any purchase exc tokens for indefinite period time. further information update person has been authorized give any information representation not contained this whitepaper connection with eximchain and its respective businesses and operations, the exc tokens, the eximchain token sale and the eximchain business (each referred the whitepaper) and, given, such information representation must not relied upon having been authorized behalf eximchain token sale and the eximchain business (as referred the whitepaper) shall not, under any circumstances, constitute continuing representation create any suggestion implication that there has been change, development reasonably likely involve material change the affairs, conditions and prospects eximchain any statement fact information contained this whitepaper since the date hereof. offer securities registration this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. any agreement relation any sale and purchase exc tokens (as referred this whitepaper) governed only the terms and conditions (t&cs) such agreement and other document. the event any inconsistencies between the t&cs and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. you are not eligible purchase any exc tokens the eximcoin initial token sale (as referred this whitepaper) you are citizen china, citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder the united states america. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. risks and uncertainties rr, and manufacture's wholesale price. pursue the result the stackelberg equilibrium, retailer and manufacturer select best-reply policy, denoted and (). prospective purchasers exc tokens (as referred this whitepaper) should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with eximchain, the exc tokens, the eximchain token sale and the eximchain (each referred the whitepaper), all information set out this whitepaper and the t&cs prior any purchase exc tokens. any such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results operations and prospects eximchain could materially and adversely affected. such cases, you may lose all part the value the exc tokens. the model can expressed below: acknowledgment would like express our gratitude the many people who supported wrote this paper: nina yan, zach chen, jessie liu, malak alyousef, louis lamia, steven rivera, john o'sullivan and sawan jindal. thank you. the eximchain ecosystem involves single shared blockchain and smart contract sdk. besides the model mentioned above, our software architecture tailored implement many scf products from basic components our ecosystem. ultimately, developers can use our software create variations stackelberg strategies their own multi party scf products. appendix use case example *multi-party dynamic contracting motivation inspired the system proposed "optimal bi-level stackelberg strategies for supply chain financing with both capitalconstrained buyers and sellers"[] and partial credit guarantee contract capital-constrained supply chain: financing equilibrium and coordinating strategy,"[] below provide example dynamic scf system that can created through the eximchain platform. the supply chain financing system shown, formulate the interactions between the capital-constrained buyer (retailer), the capital-constrained supplier (manufacturer) and the financier (bank) privately executed smart contracts that coordinate bi-level stackelberg game. the bank acts the leader setting the financing rate for the manufacturer and retailer. the manufacturer acts the subleader make the best response according bank's decision and set the wholesale price for the retailer the same time. the retailer acts the follower respond both the bank and manufacturer. writing, large mining pools control and secure proof work based blockchains like bitcoin and ethereum, the systems shift toward transaction based economies, and proof stake respectively, the financial incentive provided devote large amount hash power coin holdings secure the network will drive decentralized networks into the palms handful mining pools. believe important distinguish the value these pools contribute the chain devoting resources add security the network, from the value developers contribute adding novel functionality the ecosystem. recent developments permissioned-dlt have enabled design novel consensus rules that allow for fundamental change the underlying incentive mechanism and actors that underlie the consensus protocol permissioned, public chains. propose system that grants developers, and members our token generation event privileged position the consensus protocol the underlying blockchain, incentivizing and funding developer pools add functionality the system allowing them exclusively collect network rewards the protocol level from state changes driven dapps the network. today*, ethereum and bitcoin stakeholders (as whole) keep mining-rigs humming the tune and per day respectively. bitcoin, touted the prime example successful dpow majority controlled handful mining pools, with roadmap alleviate the centralization hash power. while the case similar for ethereum present, will have wait and see how their transition security deposit based dpos will affect the distribution block proposers and whether token holders begin bond their eth (which brings peripheral concerns about illegitimate initial token holders who will have huge incentive firstly, the leader (bank) will evaluate the retailer's and the manufacturer's financing conditions (e.g., initial capital, bankruptcy risks and procurement/production quantities) and make optimal decisions announce the interest rate and rm, respectively. then, response the bank, the subleader (manufacturer) will simultaneously update his decision and decide how much charge the buyer for the wholesale price acting the follower, the retailer decides how much order according bank's interest rate, raise much eth possible). lotta lind, miia pirttila, sari viskari, florian schupp, and timo karri. working capital management the automotive industry: financial value chain analysis. journal purchasing and supply management, ():-, benefits beyond treasury: how supply chain finance impact the bottom line. citi transaction services. http://www.citibank.com/transactionservices/ home/about_us/articles/docs/citi_insights_scf_ updated.pdf/, peer stein, oya pinar ardic, and martin hommes. closing the credit gap for formal and informal micro, small, and medium enterprises. blockchain platform for supply chain finance launches china, cfo innovation asia, small and medium enterprises (smes) finance. the world bank. http://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/ financialsector/brief/smes-finance/, how supply chain finance can close the funding gab for smes., mckinsey payments, supply-chain finance: the emergence new competitive landscape, david simchi-levi, edith simchi-levi, and philip kaminsky. designing and managing the supply chain: concepts, strategies, and cases. mcgraw-hill new york, chang hwan lee and byong-duk rhee. coordination contracts the presence positive inventory financing costs. international journal production economics, ():-, henry sanderson and neil hume (), qingdao fraud case taints commodity financing. financial times. https://www.ft.com/content/ bccdc-ba-e-cd-feabdc?mhqj= e/, https://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/ purchase-money-security-interest-pmsi.asp//. http://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/ bankguarantee.asp//. based the prevailing rates margin money deposit for bank guarantee and guarantee fee offered china bob dyckman. integrating supply chain finance into the payables process. journal payments strategy systems, ():-, ethereum end the ice age. https: //github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/commit/ dffcfdacfacebcffab/. quorum allows leverage constellation. https: //github.com/jpmorganchase/constellation/. https://www.jpmorgan.com/country/us/en/quorum/. https://github.com/jpmorganchase/quorum/wiki/ quorumchain-consensus/. https://www.reddit.com/r/ethereum/comments/ sid/empirical_cryptoeconomics//. joseph halpern and rafael pass. game theory with costly computation. arxiv preprint arxiv:., nina yan, hongyan dai, and baowen sun. optimal bi-level stackelberg strategies for supply chain hashrate distribution btc march hashrate distribution eth march considering attack possible both networks under collusion less than parties, becomes clearer that the security these ecosystems are largely hinged the bounties available these miners each day, none whom contribute the codebase the underlying system that enables the creation this value. the result that mining pools have complete control over how the system evolves; these networks, developers are second class citizens, constantly risk forks network that their applications, clients, and corporates rely on, forks that are ultimately decided the mining groups profiting from their innovation and market speculation. perhaps due the latter, these networks look more like security rackets every day, where each additional dollar network incentive gives you less security than the last dollar*. new protocol necessary align network incentives with those developers, clients, and corporates. *consider that only months ago ethereum miners were getting paid $k/day secure the network compared today's $m/day consensus token faq the token functions keep the network incentivized participate consensus and governance. our native token's primary use pay gas, mechanism used incentivize block makers process your transactions. further all nodes registered vote can make 'passive income' (don't particularly love the term) participating governance system via quadratic voting. exc min required participate consensus mechanism, masternode, but note that this not exactly pos: nodes can voted off the consensus mechanism irrespective their wealth via quadratic voting governance. masternodes are required have exc collateral, dedicated address, and able run hours day without more than connection loss, they claim the transaction fees blocks they make. references financing with both capital-constrained buyers and sellers. applied stochastic models business and industry, ():-, nina yan, baowen sun, hui zhang, and chongqing liu. partial credit guarantee contract capital-constrained supply chain: financing equilibrium and coordinating strategy. international journal production economics, :-,