expanse whitepaper expanse community forum join the debate announcements (/category//announcements) expanse whitepaper (/topic/.rss) expanse whitepaper (/user/cryptoclub) cryptoclub (/user/cryptoclub) admin (/groups/administrators) posted about year ago (/topic//expanse-whitepaper/) ternary division dao christopher franko, james clayton, dan conway founders@expanse.tech http://www.expanse.tech (http://www.expanse.tech) abstract division ecentralized organization uilt from smart contract that lives blockchain and manages organization's development, operations, and nances ideal for ensuring the integrity, longevity and transparency the organization over its lifespan. one the problems ommonly seen legacy organizations the translucent and often times opaque anagement the organization' nancial resources. absolutely vital the success organization that they manage their nances wisely and transparently order remain solvent and ward off institutional corruption. another common pitfall many organizations lack shareholder incentive participate the organization's decision making process which leads the shareholder feeling insigni cant and having little impact the outcome important issues. combining blockchain record keeping with software enforced bylaws and incentivized community involvement, the ternary division dao solves many the problems faced both traditional and decentralized organizations. introduction the purpose this whitepaper explain the advantages ternary division dao has for creating transparency, integrity, and longevity for organization, while also offering great deal community participation. will provide descriptions, examples and owcharts help simplify understanding the concept the ternary division dao; how offers innovative advantages over past organizations terms solving problems institutional corruption, external nancing requirements, incentivization development, and involvement the community project management without being controlled uenced external entities. solving problems for organizations with the ternary dao the rise blockchain technology offers great promise for the future, but there are problems intrinsic the development new blockchain platforms that carry over from existing centralized systems. many the challenges faced such systems stem from the nancial requirements develop and maintain any signi cant project. these requirements typically lead the need for outside funding, often resulting loss various levels organizational control outside parties. the case community project, this can create situation where longer truly decentralized, longer driven community interests, and deincentivizing community participation. propose ternary division dao that generates and maintains its own operational funding, builds value based the talent added all that join the community, and facilitates for management its members rather than centralized entity. this dao will function use smart contracts operating the expanse blockchain that build decentralized structural foundation secured with immutable code. the smart contracts will release funding consensus approved the community, from reserve built from the genesis block. additionally they will provide self enforcing voting system where new voting topics can proposed and voted upon users. this way can offer system that self funding with built incentives, can continue grow further decentralized over time, and does not rely outside funding support from existing nancial systems. this can done public and transparent manner, solving the problems institutional corruption, reliance outside nancing, and development incentives all without being controlled overly uenced any third party entity. smart contracts for securing longevity and transparency smart contracts are computer protocols that facilitate, verify, enforce the negotiation performance contract, that obviate the need for contractual clause. smart contracts usually also have user interface and often emulate the logic contractual clauses. the case the ternary dao, smart contracts are the organization's bylaws written code rather than pen and notarized. the dao will initially composed four smart contracts operating the expanse blockchain. the top contract known the meta contract, functions the parent contract for the organization. the meta contract maintains child contracts that make and facilitate the divisions the ternary dao system. the division contracts meta contract the ii. iii. the ii. iii. iv. the founders division multisig contract each member has voting token voting tokens can sent other addresses. board directors division contract. each member will have voting token. voting tokens can only passed someone else vote. voting tokens can voted into and out existence. community division. users vote with their expanse balance. voting balances are determined the addresses balance during speci state. each division contract has these basic bylaws each division will have spendable balance that only that division and its parent can spend. http://forum.expanse.tech/topic//expanse-whitepaper expanse whitepaper expanse community forum join the debate each division will have vote order spend its balance. single spending prop can only max the divisions spendable balance. each division can request allowance from its parent contract/division. the allowance can only the parents spendable balance. each allowance request creates cascading sibling vote. each division can have one more child/subdivisions. each division can updated unanimous vote. voting voting formal expression opinion choice, either positive negative, made individual body individuals. expanse users propose voting topics and submit votes through the daos smart contracts that directly enforce the division's voting bylaws. case examples example approved spending past budget the advisory board want build widget and their division doesn't have funds, they will have request allowance from the parent contract, this case, the meta contract. this will then create cascading vote the founders division and the shareholder division. the community founders agree the board should allocated the funds through voting consensus, the funds are transferred from the meta contract and the advisory board. the board then have create another vote send these newly acquired funds their intended widget creator. example sub committee imagine the community division wants create action committee, this action committe would subdivision child the community division. someone would need create the action committee contract, then submit special type vote the community division, the community division passes the vote than the new child (action committee) added the family contracts and initialized with the parent contracts balance. example technology implementation debate often times development new technologies, there can multiple paths technological organizational development with unclear view which option will produce the best end result. traditional organization, internal team would research and review options, and centralized entity would make the decision how proceed. modern decentralized organization, various members research and propose solutions often providing array potential solutions from varied perspectives, but often lack mechanism from which clear consensus can drawn. the clearest example this the time writing the bitcoin blockchain size debate; situation which there clear split between multiple proposed solutions, but clear method establish consensus. major miners and service providers are opposition which proposed solution implement creating tense and controversial atmosphere. expanse, the issue would posed topic for voting, users can discuss and debate the topic and prescribed amount time place vote providing clear consensus and direct enforceable outcome. voting and incentivized participation when organization has low voter turnout can less than favorable because the voters are not true representative sample the organization. the disparities between those who vote and those who don't introduces disadvantages, like unequal representation. these concerns have caused some legacy organizations consider various methods increasing participation including efforts lower the barrier entry (lowering registration laws, early voting, voting mail) well punishing voters for not participating. increasing voter turnout urgent issue because decreases disparities between the voters and nonvoters. novel solution this problem the introduction gami cation mechanics the voting process. each time voter participates the process they are rewarded with unlockable achievements, well voter attributes such as, uence and accuracy. attributes such uence are used calculate voting power and directly weigh the impact account has votes outcome. voter attributes voter attributes are specialized statistics and non transferable tokens awarded accounts for participating the voting process. they are earned through voting and other forms participation the dao. uence each time someone votes they earn uence. each time someone misses vote their uence decays decay calculated over the last votes held the division the more uence user has the more power their vote has. max uence uence.max votes.held.count uence.decay votes.held.count account.participation.count else uence.decay sum accounts participation over the last votes held account.in uence uence.max uence.decay uence example: the total votes held was and the user has voted times, and they own exp, they should get addition voting power. account.decay account.in uence vote.power +(*.) vote.power accuracy each time someone votes for the winning side they earn accuracy. each time someone votes for the losing side they lose accuracy. accuracy used calculate someone's position the voting leaderboard. accuracy does not affect vote results. achievements non transferable tokens awarded user for various accomplishments. leaderboard rank voters leaderboard score determined accuracy+power. leaderboard position does not affect vote results. http://forum.expanse.tech/topic//expanse-whitepaper expanse whitepaper expanse community forum join the debate voter power voter power the metric used determine how valuable voter the community. voters with higher participation have vote weight who participate more are considered more valuable. voter's power calculated as: voter.power account.balance*in uence vote.outcome votes.total+voter.power.total prevention and mitigation fraud and abuse voting fraud catastrophic failure any democratic process, and such paramount that potential vectors abuse exploitation are considered both the technical and political design and development the organization. balance transfer fraud when users vote issue, references the amount currently held the address identity placing the vote. would possible however, for someone simply transfer the tokens another account and place additional votes from that address, effect committing voter fraud. for this reason, reference the balance accounts participating the vote the time the vote was initiated. for example new voting topic was created block any balance the network participating the vote block will taken into consideration and balances block and after will ignored. sustainability with any organization, sustainability and solvency are key issues and the forefront conversation. the expanse dao will initially created with internal reserve funds estimated nance its operations for years. that resources nite, the dao will need establish additional mechanisms generate income order continue on. below are some the current propositions for sustaining the organization: possible methods sustain proof stake because each contract will have its own balance, that balance could theoretically earn sort "interest" the balance. identity registration fee each voter would pay small amount exp register name with the dao. this could then into the community contracts balance. voluntary mining donation miners could send small their block reward division their choice. trusted utility contracts that cost small amount exp use example this would name registration fee. trusted oracle fees forpro dapps subsidiary daos conclusion blockchain technology has paved the way for exciting and innovative solutions legacy problems. smart contracts further enable solve complex tasks with relative ease. decentralized autonomous organization whose bylaws are engraved with the immutable tools mathematics and logic the evolutionary next step organizational governance. imagine future where politicians, corporations, and any other organizational construct are held the standard the expanse dao demonstrates. this what the ternary division dao can offer, proof democracy, and means provide transparent tools with immutable code, creating future where people can build something much greater together than could ever achieved alone. further reading incentivizing participation increases political information http://cess.nyu.edu/policon/wpcontent/uploads///shineman_cess_in (http://cess.nyu.edu/policon/wp%c%adcontent/uploads///shineman_cess_in) centivizingparticipationincreasespoliticalinformation.pdf ethereum: anextgenerationgeneralizedsmartcontractanddecentralized application platform bitcoin: peertopeer electronic cash system the idea smart contracts ttp://szabo.best.vwh.net/smart_contracts_idea.html origins the jointstock company ttp://szabo.best.vwh.net/jointstock.html secure property titles with owner authority ttp://szabo.best.vwh.net/securetitle.html nitions dao decentralized autonomous organization (dao), decentralized network autonomous agents that perform computationally intractable tasks. can imagined like organization that under the control incorruptible set business rules. one that human can incentivized provide services for the company, and that can provide share the pro for growth, and some cases say how run. blockchain incorruptible and trustless form decentralized record keeping where everyone asynchronously shares the same records, and every new record entry validated mathematics prevent one from making contradictory entries. for example chris can't send the same tokens james that already sent dan because the entry that shows chris sending the tokens dan already exist the blockchain. smart contract smart contracts are computer protocols that facilitate, verify, enforce the negotiation performance contract, that obviate the need for contractual clause. smart contracts usually also have user interface and often emulate the logic contractual clauses. proponents smart contracts claim that many kinds contractual clauses may thus made partially fully selfexecuting, selfenforcing, both. smart contracts aim provide security superior traditional contract law and reduce other transaction costs associated with contracting. ternary composed three parts, based the number three. consensus group decisionmaking process which group members develop, and agree support, decision the best interest the whole. consensus may ned professionally acceptable resolution, one that can supported, even not the "favorite"of each individual. consensus ned merriamwebster as, rst, general agreement, and second, group solidarity belief sentiment. has its origin the latin word consensus (agreement), which from consentio meaning literally feel together.[] used describe both the decision and the process reaching decision. consensus decisionmaking thus concerned with the process deliberating and nalizing decision, and the social and political effects using this process. http://forum.expanse.tech/topic//expanse-whitepaper expanse whitepaper expanse community forum join the debate mining the mechanism which new blockchain entries are added the list past entries. when person said "mining" they are using some sort computational hardware solve mathematical puzzle that guarantees the legitimacy every entry that makes into the blockchain. mining intentionally designed resourceintensive and cult that the number blocks found each day miners remains steady. individual blocks must contain proof work considered valid. this proof work veri everyone the network each time they receive block. posts views log reply (/login) copyright (c) nodebb forums (https://nodebb.org) contributors (//github.com/nodebb/nodebb/graphs/contributors) http://forum.expanse.tech/topic//expanse-whitepaper