the experience based economy; broader approach abstract: since the earliest days board and digital gaming, experience points (xp) have been the facto currency in-game life. character goes through their narrow world, they gain which can used "level up" and improve statistics function. xp, the decentralized cryptocurrency, aims introduce this function into life way that makes both simple and intuitive build rewards into daily living. whether through the mechanism being given reward for game play, would used more conventional sense, being given component the gamification reality, the practice awarding for use the real world presents tangible solution some the problems endemic today's somewhat abstract and disconnected reality. through building this bridge between user's everyday life and the blockchain-based world xp, new and brighter future blending cryptocurrency and life can built. whitepaper version: the most current version this document accessible the web at: https://xpcoin.io/whitepaper.pdf the version available that url represents the only valid version our whitepaper. ecosystem whitepaper note for experienced cryptocurrency enthusiasts this paper designed not only introduce people xp, but also cryptocurrency general, some experienced readers may find certain segments slow-going, boring, overly simplified. because the fundamentally world-changing potential exhibited the ecosystem, important that non-crypto people can read and understand what proposed the development team. many the ideas presented this introductory whitepaper will further fleshed out technical yellow papers later date. this paper was designed for non-crypto people well cryptocurrency enthusiasts, you would like skip some the basic information and get straight the groundbreaking proposals, please skip directly section mandatory legal disclaimer the information provided this whitepaper and accompanying material for informational purposes only. should not considered legal financial advice. you should consult with attorney other professional determine what may best for your individual needs. and the team does not make any guarantee other promise any results that may obtained from using our currency content. one should make any investment decision without first consulting his her own financial advisor and conducting his her own research and due diligence. the maximum extent permitted law, disclaims any and all liability the event any information, commentary, analysis, opinions, advice and/or recommendations prove inaccurate, incomplete unreliable, result any investment other losses. content contained made available through the xpcoin.io website affiliated websites social media channels not intended and does not constitute legal advice investment advice and attorney-client relationship formed. your use the information the website materials linked from the web your own risk. why xp? the true value life isn't measured money age things life measured experience. life well lived filled with infinite grains experience that set apart from every other. living the ripe old age years bubble life all, but going out blaze glory your mids while doing something amazing can considered "life well lived." while not advocating the mid-s blaze glory path, there something said for experience. life meant lived fully. everything life gives experience. each trip take, each concert attend, and each new friend meet, contributes the eternal distributed ledger our lives. why not use this experience? why not find way account for and make work for through life? why not meet with others, who also have experience, and share another unique experience together. this sharing economy experience what was created facilitate. the central requirement that for everyone. unlike other cryptocurrencies that have specific and very narrow usage, designed used anyone, anywhere. with mechanism that can provide degree distribution impossible with other cryptocurrencies, can enhance your life and bring you closer the experience-driven community. unlike other cryptocurrencies which must purchased mined, can made available you you build experience. one life's tiny rewards that you get for job well done new experience tucked away. opens the potential for entire economy based what you have done, where you have gone, and the communities with which you engage. before begin, important for potential users understand the use case xp. with most cryptocurrencies, the use case hypothetical. often, this use case itself development and may available for use some point time the future. with xp, the use case already exists, because people are out there the world building experience every single day. the term was first used gygax, kaye, and blume, the original creators dungeons and dragons. since that time has become ubiquitous many different areas life. the trend towards gamification has allowed the concept "experience points," once reserved for games, spread into tasks from doing your laundry walking your dog. seeks capitalize this providing incentivization structure permit the free flow tokens from generation points users and back spending partners. first mentioned the first edition the dungeons and dragons basic set ii. understanding market sizing there large contingent the cryptocurrency investment community which associates the price cryptocurrency with its supply. however, this logic somewhat faulty, isn't necessarily the supply token which determines its price, but rather demand and usage. are dedicated building that demand and creating that usage. and now for some brief notes about market sizing: gaming: gaming represented total market valuation us$. billion, with growth rate over all growth gaming occurred the asia-pacific region tourism: europe, tours and activities account for around us$ billion annually travelers are likely spend more sightseeing and building experience than shopping, souvenirs and nightlife combined entertainment: total box office receipts for movies globally was billion over total there was over growth streaming revenue for the music industry social media: there are over million active instagram users globally, with over million daily users the year visitors stopped the eiffel tower paris there has been single means incentivizing action across and between each these different ecosystems until xp's current ecosystem: there are known peers december nd, the dramatic use case for clear newzoo games global games market report, stephen joyce webintravel.com, tripadvisor tripbarometer, mpaa theatrical markets statistics, ifpi global music report, instagram strengthening our commitment safety and kindness for million, societe d'exploitation tour eiffel cryptoid block explorer, iii. what xp? xp, experience points, proof-of-stake cryptocurrency. since designed used much broader audience, would well spend some time explaining exactly what this means. while much deeper explanations can found many different locations online, brief hypercondensed explanation exactly what cryptocurrency and how generated follows. the first cryptocurrency, bitcoin, was developed person, persons, known satoshi nakamoto. this cryptocurrency, stroke, revolutionized the financial world. one characteristic that makes cryptocurrency revolutionary because removes the requirement for faith financial system. you have dollar your wallet, you know that dollar will buy you set amount bread water. you know this because that dollar backed the federal reserve bank the united states, which is, turn, backed the united states government and everything that entails. however, history has taught again and again that banks fail, governments collapse, localized computer systems fail, and operator error can wipe out the financial records millions. with decentralized currencies, this isn't possible. with cryptocurrency, you don't need trust any single person organization, instead you can know, with mathematical certainty, that your deposits are secured and protected the entire distributed network. proof-of-work (pow) currencies rely computers perform complex calculation secure the network. while this seemed like good idea the advent cryptocurrencies, difficulty increases becoming clear that environmentally irresponsible and wholly unnecessary rely these sorts arbitrary calculations generate new tokens secure the network. replacement for pow, uses system known proof-of-stake (pos) defend the network. this also makes the generation tokens possible anyone who maintains coin balance and keeps their computer on; does not require powerful computer expensive gpus "mine" coins. from network security perspective, this makes difference well. computing power advances and quantum computers begin edge their way out theory and into actual usage, pow currencies are going become much less reliable the security the network depends single actor being able control majority the processing power being used. the event that one state actor makes advance quantum processing, would possible for this state actor attack the very core pow currencies. the other hand, order destabilize the network with pos currency, necessary for the hostile actor control over the available coin supply. this much less likely than someone attempting successfully destabilize pow network. iv. the economics digital token-based system due the fact that our long-term goal push out into the world and beyond the cryptocurrency community, important that address some the fundamental concerns presented the uninitiated. this segment was borne out discussion with several bankers who raised several points about which they were concerned. the liquidity problem: this issue, has been thus termed for bitcoin, essentially the challenges facing conversion from bitcoin more easily usable fiat currency. this problem the essential fungibility has been dealt with, large part, the growth the market. viewed investment instrument, such bond, then the conversion bitcoin cash presents barriers greater than certificate deposit any other paper-based asset. however, viewed store value and currency its own right, cryptocurrency doesn't need "converted," simply needs used. around the world, becoming more and more possible use cryptocurrency without being concerned about the fundamental ability instantly convert fiat. many ways, cryptocurrencies present great opportunity global functionality which national currencies not possess. that said, you must convert cryptocurrency cash, there are: cryptocurrency exchanges which can direct deposit funds into your bank account based cryptocurrency deposits crypto-based banking institutions bitcoin atms other automated banking services available cryptocurrency users decentralization and the lack oversight: this issue special concern many financial experts. there great need amongst adherents the financial institutions today for some sort centralization and control. the fear that without centralized control and oversight, there can sort keynesian economic controls exerted the system. while this technically true with most cryptocurrency systems, most cryptocurrency users would consider this very much feature, and not bug. having state-sponsored oversight guarantees only that meddling will occur. the system cannot self-correcting because market conditions often act opposition attempts control the market creating negative oscillatory cycle. cryptocurrencies lack central control system, but that also means that they cannot manipulated outside the application market forces. this double-edged sword because one hand means that the users themselves retain control over their own resources. the other hand, means that market forces can used lead market movements. this different than the more standard financial models, but the scale many cryptocurrencies mean that easier move the value cryptocurrencies than move the value of, for example, the dollar. expected that usage increases and token such moves from the hands those who speculate the hands those who actually use the token, these fluctuations will decrease, and market equilibrium will achieved based growth and usage. black market usage: has often been said critics that the only reason cryptocurrencies exist conduct black market transactions. while this certainly possible, cash and metals will always king for large-scale illicit transactions. the very fact that transactions exists blockchain which immutable and permanent record that movement has taken place makes blockchain transactions unattractive for anything illegal large scale. blockchain forensics growing area law enforcement interest, and the days using cryptocurrencies move large amounts money completely undetected are coming end. the state today the community has raised several concerns regarding xp's fundamental technology and market distribution. there often comments about reducing total supply, reducing stake rate (the first stage which has been done with the december th, wallet release), and large wallets held previous team members. while great deal could said about these issues, best simply present the solution. all these issues can effectively managed through the introduction the pentanode system. rather than relying simple staking for the security the network, will rely five different types specialized nodes provide network security and the verification transactions. addition receiving various annual returns, the nodes will also send percentage their stake rewards back the foundation used grow the network burnt transparent and auditable fashion. note: the pentanode system currently proposed has been input into the official roadmap. however, development continues, these details may change. masternodes (cost: xp) these are standard investment-grade masternodes, paying out roughly annually. order guarantee uptime, stakes will occur every minutes after the node has been active. annual earnings assume uptime, with bonuses being distributed nodes for being and staking for the longest period time. for each hour staking, these nodes will receive approximately xp. the nodes will configured that doesn't matter whether the node holds the payment will the same. this incentivizes the creation new nodes and disincentivizes hoarding. supernodes (cost: xp) understands that people would like gain higher returns for the service securing the network and keeping tokens out circulation. light this, will creating the supernode. this node will require much higher initial deposit, but will stake much higher rate. exchange for this higher staking rate, there will one-week delay before the node can broken. furthermore, the creation supernode will result permanent burn the coins used establish the node. while will still receive roughly the initial billion deposit annually, the first billion has been destroyed. this means that after the purchase the supernode, will take roughly six months able break the node without losing percentage funds. these two innovations will prevent the opportunistic dumping high token volumes when price targets are reached. this feature will essentially limit supernodes those who believe the project and are willing support with their continual service network security. salesnodes order grow the network, necessary bring merchants willing both accept and provide their customers. this vital onboarding new users and introducing them the economy. this simple economic reality necessitates the creation the retail salesnode. the vast majority people spending money today are not familiar with cryptocurrency any meaningful sense. certainly, they have heard about various cryptocurrency projects, but cryptocurrency has magical unreality it. order facilitate the spread the economy, the foundation will create and distribute salesnodes retailers/shopowners who would like either accept use for promotional purposes. the salesnode will function exactly like masternode with one critical difference while masternode can broken and sold its holder's whim transferred, salesnode cannot broken sold. the stake rewards from this node can used promotionally, rains, any way that the merchant can devise. however, will only stake the initial deposit. this prevents dormant lightly used salesnode from continuing stake when not being used. the salesnode itself also serves point-of-sale integration system, allowing the main wallet used just normal wallet for sales purposes, keeping the staking portion the node segregated from the daily balance for usage. the event that the merchant decides longer participate the network, the coins will functionally burnt and can removed from the total supply. fact, the creation the sales node, for all intents and purposes, functions coin burn. this means that for every single merchant partner that joins the network, the total coin supply reduced set number, while the security the network maintained. this will mean that there can direct correlation between merchant signups and market price. devnodes unlike their relatives, the retail salesnodes, application devnodes exist facilitate online growth the economy. these devnodes are provided, free charge, developers. they stake very high rate, but operate -day moving average coinburn. essentially, developer has game that very popular, vital able provide rained into their ecosystem. however, prevent accumulation manipulation, these nodes will burn coins that have not been used after ten days. these nodes can only accessed through the to-be-created xplay api, and are otherwise inaccessible. like the retail salesnodes, they function coin burn when created, and cannot broken and sold. likewise, their staked coins cannot directly accessed, but only distributed using the xplay api. geonodes one the critical differentiating features that can offer the world, the ability for users gain simply visiting certain locations. using the android-based wallet, with planned iphone integration the future, users can activate location tracking their wallets, which will enable them receive geolocation based rains. this works making possible for retail location, monument museum offer experience points their visitors simply notifying them that experience points are available and offering code for them download the wallet. imagine being able attend concert you listen the music, your phone receives rain from local promotional partner. you are then able turn around and use this buy refreshments from affiliated retailer. the possibilities are endless with geonodes and the first crypto currency offer this feature. the foundation mothernode: while not staking node and while serving very different purpose, the mothernode the central and auditable clearing house for the stake percentages returned the foundation. the mothernode serves primarily for the creation the preceding node types (with the exception masternodes and supernodes). the mothernode entirely transparent and can audited anyone. fund this node, portion all stake rewards are sent back the foundation mothernode used ecosystem growth. this node functions -day moving average and burns all tokens which have been sent they have not been used days. this prevents accumulation the development team and altogether avoids the problem created previous developers. the continuous burn will prevent undue supply inflation, but will also allow for the creation retail salesnodes and application devnodes needed onboard new retail locations and developers. vi. brighter future with the critical roadblock for all cryptocurrency units today answering the question how drive adoption. currently, buy xp, user has several avenues, but most them involve buying some crypto one sort another and moving exchange buy some xp. this not sustainable and locks out the vast majority potential users who are uncomfortable with cryptocurrency general, and are abjectly terrified exchanges, with all their elaborate bells, whistles, candles, and unfamiliar terminology. the solution this create ecosystem that based regular distribution tokens amounts that incentivize user engagement while not over-inflating the currency disincentivizing purchases exchanges the investor class. the overall idea help people see the utility xp, that they will out their own acquire more either supporting affiliates through purchasing exchange. this can done variety ways: the most reliable source for the average user should always the holders the salesnode and devnodes. currency, serve more than one purpose; addition serving medium exchange, serves able vehicle incentivization for customers, clients, and visitors everywhere. salesnodes: while there are hundreds use cases, consider these few examples holders salesnodes using them grow their businesses. meet bloodyewe bloodyewe operates xp.market and uses sell steam codes and other xp-related merchandise (really! check out!). addition selling these codes, would like able establish referral system that when someone sends their friends buy steam codes with xp, bloodyewe can give some back the referrer. meet jan jan travel agent who uses incentivize specific trips. the salesnode enables jan functionally give discounts trip while not negatively impacting her bottom line. jan recently gave barclay for the purchase trip thailand, and also provided him with list retail locations and places where can spent. the was sent barclay's mobile wallet where will able spend participating retailers bangkok. meet hugo hugo cutting-edge chef new york city. believes that meal his restaurant should experience. light this, was delighted discover that could set retail sales node his restaurant. now, the bottom each his receipts, private key printed which allows his customers redeem xp. when you experience his fusion take chicken cordon bleu you get reminder your visit. meet htet htet operates elephant tour company located the jungles myanmar. thrilled run retail salesnode because gives him the opportunity attract international customers who are interested touring the world and using xp. for each his elephant rides, for which receives xp, more stable alternative the burmese kyat, offers exchange for social media posts his customers facebook, twitter, and instagram accounts. operates both retail sales node, and his own personal master node. also uses his mobile wallet pay guides and service providers along his tour routes. devnodes: our digital lives grow, there much will able terms digital content delivery and digital life integration. while the following cases could apply right now, more and more use cases spring into existence daily. meet thepinkcrypto thepinkcrypto operates chatroom and wants use in-chat tipping currency. facilitate this, the foundation provides her with application devnode, which provides some degree liquidity for rains, thereby incentivizing channel participation, but also acts additional security node the network. meet loopylew loopylew the developer forest siege, indie game available itch.io. uses application devnode forest siege because allows him rain players for performing specific tasks within the game. this connects directly in-game wallet, which will enable players store purchase in-game items, send the their own core wallet. time goes intends building entirely enclosed marketplace based within the forest siege game. meet yaneli yaneli app developer who focuses the creation health-based applications. exchange for using her meal planning application, users are awarded for each item they enter into their daily meal plan. this incentivizes people use her applications, making them more attractive open market. however, also makes her applications much more effective because the effect that the positive enforcement from gamification offers. meet fon fon developer for online education based website, which students can sign for classes, watch videos, and participate online forum discussions. maintaining application devnode, fon can provide experience points her end-users. you sign take her class blockchain technology, you will receive million completion. geonodes: the first geographically-based cryptocurrency reward system gives the average user way earn without having spend anything all purchase xp, but still contributes the ecosystem patronizing local landmarks such those below. meet john harvard the famous statue john harvard sits the quad harvard college. sort mecca for those seeking ivy league acceptances, the figure john harvard frequent location visited hundreds thousands people every year. with geonode, educational consultancy can rain visitors the statue john harvard. these visitors, can turn use various locations throughout boston and around the world. meet big ben postcard london would complete without the iconic image big ben looming the background. tour company london could identify specific location for geonode, which would rain visitors who came take photos with big ben the background. this could then used purchase discounts double-decker bus rides throughout london, provided the same tour operator. meet mount everest one unique feature which will available for use with geonodes the concept scarcity. location, such central park, which frequented millions people every year, might yield very little the way rains. however, location which almost never visited would permitted accumulate much more extensive store xp, which would correspond how much work needed reach the geonode. the first person unfurl flag the summit mount everest and access the geonode there, would undoubtedly receive fantastic reward, both regarding actual human experience and xp. meet new york city another unique feature that would support geonode distribution the use "geodrops." these drops would enable users company establish drop points any point geographically where they could displayed map, bringing members the community into range attempt collect the xp. terms market sizing, this has the potential make pokemon go, which has revenues million august th, look tiny comparison. integrating advertising with the network using geonodes: the primary goal has always been attempt find way incentivize what good the human experience, and reward people for their involvement broader global extra national network. continuously looking for ways enhance our offerings humanity. one such way can this through leveraging the network fund various social and environmental projects. the way that this offering advertising placement the mobile wallet which based the geographic location user. this will make possible for the foundation sell advertising space hand selected companies and direct large portion the proceeds from this advertising preservation efforts. for example, user yosemite national park may receive advertisement for north face apparel, partnered with rain from geonode. for the first time, this creates mechanism that both allows the delivery advertising content the enduser, incentivizes the end-user acknowledge the advertising company, and simultaneously works preserve the national park system with advertising revenue. this concept still under development, and will explored greater depth later publication. vii. conclusion this just the beginning what can accomplish. year capacity building and ecosystem growth. the team looks forward the continued support the community work make the world's premier experience-based currency gaming, sports, academics, and every other area life. xp: for the experience! businessofapps.com, this will, course, only work for user who has gone into their wallet and activated the location reporting that they can receive geo-rains. whitepaper change log date: changes -dec- (v.) initial posting -dec- (v.) two typos corrected (thanks shbour!) notice about the whitepaper permalink added whitepaper change log added