experty.io blockchain based human knowledge exchange www.experty.io last update: september th, peer review by: pawel bylica software architect ethereum foundation and golem factory created by: the experty team abstract information exchanged for money daily throughout the world, but the current tools are cumbersome, costly, and inefficient. nowledge seekers and knowledge providers don't have adequate incentives share personal contact information with each other, because neither can guaranteed that the other will follow through with the exchange. solve this, third party organizer often brought in, but these services take large cut the profit, resulting knowledge seeker being charged more, knowledge provider walking away with less. get around this, many knowledge providers will ask for payment advance, but this demands trust from the knowledge seeker's end. there currently efficient application the market solve this problem. blockchain technology has opened the possibility for borderless peer peer transactions. this means that the exchange information for money can made global scale without costly intermediary. experty, our cutting edge application, designed connect knowledge providers and knowledge seekers anywhere the world using blockchain technology. payments are automated through our operations contract (oc), allowing voice and video calls monetized without lengthy setup upfront payment. knowledge providers can advertise their services through direct call link code, which can placed any social media platform. knowledge provider simply sets their rate per minute, and when the call complete, the settles the charges based the predetermined rate. knowledge seekers will only charged for the length the call. believe experty will save countless man hours due its ability increase efficiency and accessibility the exchange knowledge worldwide. our solution will help level the playing field, especially for those without access the traditional banking systems. experty.io contents value proposition introduction........................................................................................................... motivation behind the experty platform........................................... project description current minimum viable product showcase............................... mobile application......................................................................................... web application.............................................................................................. full roadmap.................................................................................................... token economics ........................................................................................... premium memberships and features............................................... token generation event (tge) distribution summary........... use proceeds summary market definition............................................................................................. third party platform integration........................................................... software on-chain and off-chain processes..................................................... potential ethereum bottleneck............................................................. business strategy technical overview........................................................................................... core features........................................................................................................ user flow................................................................................................................. possible use cases............................................................................................ company example............................................................................................ why blockchain?................................................................................................ smart contract architecture the allocation summary........................................................................... software development: %................................................................... legal and administrative costs: %................................................... marketing and sales: %......................................................................... long term research team: %.......................................................... the experty team experty.io iii value proposition have developed blockchain-based calling platform that allows two more parties connect via video audio call. within the application, knowledge provider can set their rate per minute, which paid the knowledge seeker when they call. this exchange settled seamlessly through the blockchain using ethereum smart contract coupled with off-chain software. experty adds value the consulting industry through simplifying the exchange knowledge for currency. knowledge provider. can share his her direct call link without fear receiving fraud and/or marketing calls. they can also display their availability schedule. knowledge seeker. saves time and money contacting wanted person directly, and paying only for actual call time. third party services. gain another path monetize their existing client base. experty.io value proposition introduction consulting team, have found technological need for payment service able process hoc conversations and consultations. currently, order provide receive online consultations, there are three settlement possibilities. each them has their own associated problems: charge and cost confusion. user can pay provider front for consultation, but the exact amount required not known because the provider may charging the minute the hour. addition, the user and provider may not know the total duration the conversation the time that payment discussed. trust. provider can also use postconsultation billing system, which requires the provider trust that the knowledge seeker will pay for the service after finishing the call. payment friction. provider can also rely external services third party intermediaries. these cases, money transfers are highly regulated events that create large barrier entry, even for globally-recognized brands. day. instead building single consultation marketplace, have created protocol allowing users share their paid call links codes wherever they want, including but not limited to: websites, blogs, and social network profiles portals. motivation behind the experty platform thanks the invention blockchain technology, now viable make micro-transactions worldwide. anyone, regardless location, can send small amount value anyone else the world. live knowledge-based economy. should able exchange knowledge the same way. combining micro knowledge exchanges and blockchain micro payments makes this feasible worldwide scale. currently, there are available tools easily handle this process. experty offers the best tools solve this problem for both "knowledge providers" and "knowledge seekers". see opportunity connect our dedicated software with blockchain technology. our goal make experty fully decentralized, thus preventing ddos attacks from taking the platform down entirely. experty will have the ability operate globally, without interruption, any time experty.io project description main purpose the project offer avenue connect two more people that they may conduct paid knowledge exchange via online voice video call. this document identify the participants knowledge seeker and knowledge provider. however, experty's possible use cases are wider than just knowledge exchange. can include calls with celebrities for charity actions one-on-one private video chats. the experty platform consists applications available for mobile, web, and desktop. users are also able send free text messages between each other order discuss the terms further needed. text messaging can also disabled the provider they choose. voice video calls are always paid, charging the providers predetermined rate. experty.io project description technical overview the current platform being built using react and react-native. this allows shorten the go-to-market process and implement additional features from the roadmap, while still keeping the native application experience and performance. all ethereum smart contract interactions will triggered the recipient the call, since his her interest register for payment. the caller must first provide enough funds allowing for least seconds the call order initiate the conversation. during initialization the call, the recipient sends the exact conditions the exchange the caller, including the recipient's minute rate, call identification, and the ethereum addresses both parties. the on-chain transactions occur through our ethereum smart contract, known the operations contract (oc). after verifying that these conditions match intended the caller's application, the caller signs the action with his her private key and sends back signed proof the recipient. the recipient then uses the signed proof initialization trigger the start_call function oc. doing so, this makes the funds unusable elsewhere, thus preventing: double spends, withdraw funds during the call, trying trigger another call. the process happens automatically the background the application after the call answered. this occurs matter milliseconds during initiating 'handshake,' it's not noticeable for participants. during the first few seconds the call, the recipient's application checks the call was registered the blockchain and the participants, provider and user, are matching. the application does not allow for triggering another call when one progress, however, abuse does occur, the information sent our team and the abuser's funds get blocked until the situation resolved. long the call progress, the recipient's application gets signed and confirms the call length from the caller every second through off-chain unidirectional payment channel. such confirmation contains the information about both participants, call identification, call length, and timestamps. this information used the recipient trigger the end_call function after finishing the call. immediately after, funds are transferred from the caller's address the recipient's address. this also unlocks the caller's ability withdraw his her remaining funds trigger additional calls. only one signed confirmation the needed the end every call action. interaction between the and the off-chain unidirectional payment channel means that charges occur only during active connection. this prevents charges from occurring due disconnected internet connection well preventing potential scam usage where the caller blocks signed confirmation the end the call. withdrawal funds from the will always delayed, blocks default. this removes the possibility withdraw these funds before the offchain processes are completed. the number confirmations delay payment stored within the contract vary, and can modified the future follow platform changes. more description the contract, with all functions, provided the contract architecture chapter this document. experty.io project description core features the experty platform based ethereum network contract which acts the back-end for the service. the website and applications store the information about the usage history all users. webrtc protocol. audio and video communication within the application uses the webrtc protocol. this protocol used apps like whatsapp google hangouts ensure peer peer data encryption and provides robustness proven millions users using the technology already. fully decentralized call links. our goal allow experts share their paid call link whenever and wherever they want. this avoids relying experty create marketplace for them. knowledge providers can use networks where they are already known and considered trusted experts, such message boards, social media, blogs, etc. instant payments. the payments will occur the ethereum blockchain after the call based pay-per-minute rate. the will provide the security payment settlement system. caller without sufficient funds complete least seconds call will not able trigger call. caller's funds are running low, they will notified advance and will disconnected when funds fall below the per minute rate. cross platform calling application. the first version experty will have dedicated calling applications for most platforms, including ios, android, and windows. also plan integrate experty with third party video calling applications that potential users will able use the application their choice. availability schedule. knowledge providers are able set their availability time, they can easily prevent all calls outside given timeframe. ethereum wallet. the provided applications will have built-in ethereum wallet for managing funds. experty.io project description user flow knowledge provide sets his/her rate dollars (for example, per minute) the knowledge provide receives exy tokens based the conversion rate advice seeker aware the main pricing usd before he/she decides make call value for knowledge exchange occurs additional step: the knowledge provider doesn't want keep exy tokens, then he/she will able convert them any other cryptocurrency his/her own. the experty app calculates the amount exy tokens required per minute based the usd/exy conversion rate the secondary market the advice seeker tops off his/her account using one the available methods (usd, btc etc.) the advice seeker starts the call experty.io project description future versions experty will include more advanced payment types, such variable rate for longer calls, different suggested rates for different types knowledge providers. the available modifiable options knowledge provider has will updated based continual user feedback. internet. these services are also crucial for those rural and/or underserved areas, especially those who suffer from chronic illnesses requiring frequent doctor visits. programmers. most the people from our team are programmers themselves. are frequently called upon consultants. when working large company, there are usually multiple colleagues available for feedback. this not the case when doing freelance work. there are discussion boards and web chats pose questions, but financial incentive provide answer, leaving many waiting for reply. business advisors. short consultations with successful business professionals can become critical pivot point for many companies all levels. professors. massive open online courses (moocs) are becoming increasingly popular. professors distributors may have limited time and availability answer questions that arise. experty will help triage and prioritize their time. language learning. listening foreign languages when learning important attempting speak the language yourself. with experty, you can call anyone the world and have live conservation any language when native speakers are available. webcam chats. paid one-on-one video-chats with camera models are popular services that currently require intermediary for payment believe this unlocks new opportunities for knowledge monetization because there are currently incentives share direct phone number with strangers. influencers, who would otherwise have many potential customers callers, have other way quickly incentivize their time. possible use cases the most likely use cases for experty will occur for professionals who are well known casual users with niche following. professional users may include lawyers, medical providers, programmers, professors, business advisors, etc.; and casual users may include bloggers youtubers, celebrities and influencers, webcam models, and charitable causes. lawyers. frequently, one needs quick ad-hoc knowledge from lawyer. the most common method today through in-person consultation avoid the payment settlement problem, even when may easier complete this over the phone. medical consultants. similar lawyers, there are instances when phone conversations are perfectly suitable for provider and patient. with concierge medicine and telemedicine the rise, doctors and patients are now regularly participating everyday checkups consultations through the experty.io project description celebrities influencers. similar bloggers and youtubers, celebrities and influencers often have time constraints preventing them from contacting their audience directly. experty allows for monetization this direct contact with their audience. settlement. the user must also provide credit card information third party company. the models' network also takes percentage the profits. experty would allow discreet, secure, and direct payment from user provider. bloggers youtubers. both groups have large audiences wanting contact them directly. due time restrictions, direct contact usually occurs through comment replies live streams. integrating with our platform will allow these individuals provide additional monetization their audience group charging for private calls. charity donations. celebrities wellknown individuals frequently give their time for charity. experty would allow for increased transparency funds through the blockchain and decrease costs fees taken intermediaries. experty.io project description company example jack user) needs immediate support from company purchased product from navigates the product support section the company's website finds regular support and premium support option chooses use the premium support this directs him the company's experty premium support profile doesn't have any experty tokens use the application pays for experty tokens using his credit card (such visa) experty tokens are delivered his light wallet jack calls the premium support line, sending experty tokens the company's support line every minute dictated the predefined rate. why blockchain? blockchains, nature, have several properties that make them attractive for our platform. these properties are essential the success this project. thanks blockchain technology, are able achieve the following: payment settlement. thanks smart contracts, are able alleviate large problem: when and how the payment should settled. with experty, the payment made during the calls. participants can disconnect whenever they want and the payment made only for the recorded time. the contract decides whether not the caller has enough funds, and makes sure that the funds are transferred the recipient when the call completed. legal simplification. holding customers' money falls into the legal purview several regulations and regulatory agencies. using cryptocurrency simplifies this drastically since the funds are transferred directly between the parties involved. any funds sent received the experty platform can withdrawn users any time through the ethereum wallet. instant payments. ethereum payments are realized within seconds. knowledge providers don't need worry about these payments being locked processing for weeks end, payments being denied through chargebacks. third party service transparency. our marketing strategy highly relies external services experty.io project description which already have thousands users their database network. blockchain transparency allows for tracking calls triggered from their websites without worrying about substantial usage and clearing cost denial payment service provider. experty.io smart contract architecture design, our and off-chain processes are perfectly able cover any type unit money per time exchange. although experty purely about information exchange, see many more potential use cases the contract itself. the architecture provides way utilize signed off-chain transactions done through experty. due the possible inefficiency registering calls directly the blockchain, the recipient uses signed confirmation the call lock the caller's funds the contract until the call finishes. during the call, the recipient receives additional confirmation from the caller each second. after finishing the call, she uses the most recent confirmation order transfer the funds their balance and unlock the remaining caller's funds. experty.io smart contract architecture on-chain and off-chain processes on-chain operations contract processes: start call locks caller withdrawals locks caller calls end call verifies signed confirmation settles payment unlocks caller deposit stores funds the order used for further calls withdrawn later withdraw: delayed blocks allows for withdrawing funds from contract address holder lock check: after initializing call, which confirmed on-chain through the oc, the recipient needs check the called locked the current call prevent abuse and misuse. off-chain processes: call_conditions: rate call identification start timestamp addresses confirmation: rate call identification start timestamp confirmation timestamp addresses signing the caller signs both call_conditions and conformations with his her private key. the and recipient verify the data valid. once the signed confirmation received, the recipient starts the call and the caller's funds are locked. experty.io smart contract architecture experty.io smart contract architecture potential ethereum bottleneck the ethereum network (en), its current state, not able process many frequent transactions and most likely would bottlenecked using the current architecture scale. the solution this problem implementing type lightning network (ln) raiden-like network instead directly messaging the en. this case, the can used middle layer between recipient and the oc. communication schema would change from: caller recipient into: caller recipient off-chain raiden-like the ethereum team currently working moving from proof work proof stake, which may fix the efficiency issues far sooner than would become problem for our platform. the raiden-like network itself not part our project its current state. however, the architecture design built allow the possibility ln-type architecture needed. experty.io business strategy decentralized platform versus single marketplace classic approach create and build marketplace service for advisors connect and provide information and knowledge seekers search for those provides. instead, our approach, are creating totally decentralized solution. users will able share their calling links any existing platform. knowledge providers can use the link where they are popular known influencer, such question and answer discussion boards like quora, social media portals such twitter, facebook, and instagram. experty.io business strategy market definition consulting industry market billion digital consulting industry market billion biggest markets usa, uk, germany biggest consultations sectors technology, strategy, human resources third party platform integration decentralized solution means the possibility integrating into variety third party services, already containing large user bases, which can allow creators influencers make additional profit using our platform. this strategy lean and efficient go-to-market strategy since will not need reach out individuals one-by-one create the desired network effect. instead, can rely existing established user base. experty allows anyone quickly and immediately monetize their time content beyond what they were initially capable of. this efficient for both the provider and the receiver. experty.io business strategy experty.io software order empirically test the user experience and gather feedback the platform, built proof-of-concept, prototype version the application. the current platform does not contain the full set features that will included the production version the mobile software. however, the prototype allows test the concept and sure the smart contracts are working intended. experty.io software current minimum viable product showcase splash screen contact list touch options contact contacts list contact list scrolled contacts details contact details (scrolled) experty.io software voice calling knowledge provider knowledge seeker perspective video calling voice call with knowledge provider knowledge seeker perspective video call view experty.io call completion knowledge seeker perspective initial call software during call knowledge provider perspective call completion knowledge provider perspective during video call video calling experty.io software profile settings view edit profile view experty.io software mobile application the mobile application the core our platform. anyone with smartphone will able initiate receive/accept incoming calls. the experience will very similar existing mobile voip applications. the main pillar the platform, the development the mobile application has taken precedence. currently, functional prototype able make call and settle the payment between participants based the consultant's rate. the initial version the web application will used mainly funds management platform, well portal for users update their account. knowledge provider: ability set rate per minute ability message potential knowledge seeker for logistics such scheduling and availability knowledge seeker: ability top off your experty account balance with ethereum ability initiate consultation call directly via experty web profile ability message potential knowledge provider for logistics such scheduling and availability both: the final version the mobile application will have the following core features: knowledge provider: ability set your charge rate per minute ability receive notification consultation request ability text message with potential knowledge seeker for logistics such scheduling and availability knowledge seeker: ability top off your experty account balance with ethereum ability initiate consultation call via username handle ability initiate consultation call via scanning code from web profile ability text message potential knowledge provider for logistics such scheduling and availability both: web application change account settings register new account withdraw ethereum balance change account settings register new account withdraw ethereum balance experty.io software experty.io software experty.io software full roadmap the roadmap below illustrates the implementation plans for the mentioned features. initially, the main focus will create stable and bug free release the mobile version for making calls. premium memberships and features instead paying for premium memberships, users who have certain amount exy staked their wallet will able use premium features without additional fees. examples premium features include: token economics the experty token (exy) major constituent the experty platform. exy created only during the token generation event. exy utility token that will used for the following: exy will used for all payments from advice seekers knowledge providers exy will staked users for access premium features exy will used advice seekers deposit for advance scheduling with knowledge provider scheduling paid group calls (ie. webinars) conversation recording the final number tokens needed staked for premium membership and exact features are going decided based actual user demand and the token price. exy will sold inside the application via different methods including: credit cards (visa, mastercard, etc.) ethereum bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies experty.io software token generation event (tge) distribution summary maximum cap crowdsale eth total token supply million (,,) exy, which: crowd sale tokens company tokens (vested for years*) partner tokens (locked for months) cover tokensale costs airdrops and bounties ethereum erc experty using the erc standard, updated version erc. erc requires less gas than erc, prevents the risk tokens being lost when they are sent incompatible contract, and also fully compatible with erc for the purpose exchange listings. purchase methods accepted directly eth purchase methods accepted via bitcoin suisse eth, btc, chf, usd, eur, jpy *every month, beginning february the contract will release the total exy company tokens. all exy company tokens will released february experty.io use proceeds summary main focus will software development, research, and marketing the blockchain community. want make sure that experty will used for blockchain companies, such mme.ch and bitcoin suisse, who are already working with for our test pilot programs. initial funds allocation will include: software development. our team will build the first fully functional version the app, which will use experty tokens process payments. learning. will gather feedback from the users. community. will build community around people who regularly use cryptocurrencies. our first users will come from this community before the app massmarket user friendly. preparation. prepare for mass adoption, will continue improve the app's user experience based feedback. marketing. will use funds market the experty mobile and desktop application directly the blockchain community, and once are ready, wider audience. experty.io use proceeds summary the allocation summary the first round funds allocation: legal and administrative costs software development marketing and community building long term research team software development: the project developed the founder's existing development company reactpoland. our team already highly experienced building custom software, can ensure that the development the experty application will thorough and robust. have years experience building digital products and not need hire external consultants. the development will spread across internal teams responsible for: mobile app web app desktop server smart contract integration. are well connected the poland tech scene, including two facebook groups. https://web.facebook.com/groups/nodejspl/ over members https://web.facebook.com/groups/reactjs.co/ over members are close contact with many other top developers well, should the need for additional tech talent arise. experty.io use proceeds summary legal and administrative costs: experty partnering with www.mme.ch for legal work. will also have compliance costs country country basis. this includes legal and administrative costs regarding our product launch for european and markets, well unbanked regions. marketing and sales: working cooperations with other projects that may bring synergy long term. some example cooperations are: proofsuite.com mme.ch bitcoinsuisse.ch order measure the most effective approaches (learning) experty and blockchain week conferences europe testing and measuring what works for our marketing efforts (learning) digital marketing hiring community managers based demand mass market focus group, learning, and research running different campaigns direct sales team building integration partnerships with different portals, mentioned below: long term research team: will build dedicated team that will research how experty can compete the global digital consultations marketplace. this team won't produce immediate short term value like our product marketing deliverables, but will work different proof-of-concepts and research alternative methods for reaching our audience. experty.io use proceeds summary experty.io the experty team experty.io the experty team experty.io the experty team experty.io the experty team experty.io the experty team reactpoland.com team addition the core team members listed above, the experty team has disposition our existing team developers. this ensures prompt product delivery our roadmap while assuring quality product development for the experty platform. experty.io