disclaimer please read the following notice carefully before proceeding read this whitepaper document issued ezoow limited (the "ezoow booking solution"), exempted company incorporated and existing under the laws singapor. this notice applies all persons who read this document. the purpose this white paper provide prospective purchasers with the information the company's project allow the prospective purchasers make their own decision whether not wishes proceed purchase ezoow token. this white paper does not constitute offer invitation, any other sale purchase shares, securities, any the assets the company. this document does not constitute the provision investment professional advisory services. therefore, none the contents this whitepaper serves invitation inducement engage any sort investment activity. this ezoow whitepaper was written experts reflect our goals, objectives, mission, vision, culture and opinion. nothing this document should treated guarantee how ezoow business platform will develop. ezoow plans the future could altered ezoow's discretion response regulatory, technical, market changes and other external factors outside its control. ezoow users are purchase any ezw tokens. token buyers and potential ezoow token holders should undertake their own due diligence before investing subscription ezoow tokens open citizens all countries. content abstract ------------------------------------------------------------------------- overview ------------------------------------------------------------------------------( mission ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- our vision ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- our goals ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- problem statement ---------------------------------------------------------------- ezoow solution -------------------------------------------------------------------- features ezoow ---------------------------------------------------------------- token specification --------------------------------------------------------------- roadmap --------------------------------------------------------------------------- marketing --------------------------------------------------------------------------- team --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- why you should invest ezoow -------------------------------------------- conclusion ------------------------------------------------------------------------- abstract the highpoint this whitepaper illustrate the stages, milestone and features this all-encompassing blockchain technology. this whitepaper shows everything users' needs know about ezoow roadmap and its future trajectories. with the nature ezoow technology the future hospitality, traveling and reservation industry will changed. ezoow will help revolutionize travel booking directly connecting travelers our system providers across the globe through the blockchain technology and the ability buy flight tickets, make hotel reservations and rent taxis using bitcoin, ethereum ezw coin/token. this invention will help travelers and people going travel have opportunity save %-% travel purchases well increase their transaction security and transparency. the hospitality and travel booking sector has been run the past two strong intermediaries known the global distribution systems (gdss) and online travel agencies (otas). the services these intermediaries were primarily reservation network that makes use single point for making and tracking airlines, cars and hotel reservations. this has led the high cost airline ticket booking. due the technology used developing these systems has now become antiquate and exposes users information scammers just single -digit identifier which allows anyone easily modify reservations the traveler's email home address. ezoow will solve this quagmire faced travelers substituting with faster services with hidden fees and powered the reliable blockchain technology. ezw purchased bulk discount and listed secured platform from which users can make purchases during travel, book airline, hotel cruise, car rental reservations using the token and the transactions are hastily executed securely the blockchain. ezoow service the easy hand way for travel now. you can book all the needs for your journey, hotel booking, resort booking, booking for plane, train taxi, now all one app. ezoow service use blockchain technology fulfill all your needs for travel booking and payment overview ezoow blockchain based platform developed and operating the ethereum network, and all countries can participate it. intend place the average traveler our forefront. our platform developed way that will easy use our customers well service providers order, exchange, buy and also sell all kinds travel services. therefore our major objective will address some the challenges faced travel agencies, hoteliers and other hospitality businesses addition the significant savings and security that the users this platform will exposed to, ezoow will also provide other numerous benefits and advantages over other booking services currently operating now. ezoow rewards program will offer awards for referrals users all ezw token spent any person referred the referrer. the ezoow platform will also feature premium concierge services that will allow members maximize the enjoyment and success their travel plans. ezoow's team uniquely positioned seize this opportunity. our experience has already been leveraged form partnerships with most premier travel providers, ensuring access the best inventory. moreover, the booking platform already developed, and ready for conversion the blockchain. mission our mission foster and enhance the security and safety travelers through the introduction ground-breaking travel management platform that provides complete spectrum services both small travel and business tour -star providers less than half the price with the aid blockchain technology. our vision our vision ezoow drive the creation wide range tourism and travel booking services single platform. our goals ezoow goals for entering the cryptocurency technology market are to: provide platform that acts go-between for travelers and the service providers. acquiring least market share the blockchain travel agency sector. investing heavily the financial, advisory and service development ensure that ezoow can provide the best technological platform solutions today's highly competitive industry. our future development expand our business operations globally, solidify our presence and push strong brand awareness key regions the world. ezoow intend democratize the travel industry directly connecting travelers with travel and tour services such (car hiring companies, booking plane, booking train etc.) and hoteliers. problem statement there litany current problems and challenges being faced travelers and travel and tour service providers the markets. the increasing demand for services that provide travel booking package solutions including plane ticket, hotel booking, train ticket and taxi booking from and airport destination and all are required done low cost, less time, easy modern and decentralized payment method, addition smart handling what you need. cost global distribution system (gds) one the foremost problems inherent the travel agency services gds intermediaries the issue high cost. noted, gds functions go-between connecting travel providers with other businesses involved the distribution travel services. this gds assigns and tracks reservations for its clients allowing them coordinate travel bookings real time. return, the gds companies charge between airtime tickets and between for hotel reservation. this cost cash out roughly per airtime ticket and for the hotel's reservation. this price often borne the final consumers who are often made bear the ultimate burden the fees. also, gds companies addition charging per transaction still collect succession auxiliary fees, fees for accessing and using their database and also annual maintenance fees. gds security users information not many people are aware how exposed their personal information whenever they make any travel reservation with the use gds. this because the personal name record (pnr) data ecosystem that gds use and thousands travel providers and reservation agencies employ this track user's details. result the outdated nature the gds cloud data storage systems, easy for anyone access pnr user with the aid -digit identifier and the traveler's last name. with this one can easily cancel modify the reservation and also steals the user's information. gds was not built with security mind but create frictionless transmission information. ota security users information while otas make use more robust security technology than its counterpart gdss, has witnessed numerous incident hacking from scammers. study carried out the last quarter last year shows that over credit and debit cards were accessed. the hacked account showed users name, date birth, payment card information, email, gender, phone number, physical address billing address. hackers tend create phishing schemes which they mask themselves the hotel booking agents other gain the credit card information. lack transparency other challenges faced users include the lack transparency ota. addition the high rates commission charge and poor security, otas has been bedeviled numerous dishonest practices relation their pricing and structures listed. these deceptive practices include bait and switch pricing, undisclosed algorithms, misleading availability claims and opaque search result algorithms issues overbooking most travel providers often overbook with the belief that most customers might not show up. since this forecast often under probability, most often, some passengers are compelled take different flight find new accommodations. not minding the fact that customers are often compensated for these inconveniences, this tends decreases their confidence the overall reliability this travel agents and hotels. ezoow solutions ezoow blockchain service will help alleviate most the problems and challenges faced travelers and service providers. some the proposed solutions include: direct connection ezoow does not function intermediary agency between customers and providers but embraces cost-plus retail model for users. ezoow purchases directly from travel providers discounted rate and then sell their users price less than the ones mandated ota. purchase our token, ezoow users pay hidden fees commission. since members pay directly opposed just booking it, the problem overbooking solved. blockchain security ezoow will built dapp (decentralized application) the ethereum blockchain and its token which ezw will come standard form erc. blockchain its basic cryptographically secured and decentralized distributed ledger. this makes difficult alter the ledgers content without undermining the network maliciously. taking cognizance that most our users might not crypto savvy, ezoow will also provide seamless conversion between the traditional payment and ezw tokens. with the aid the blockchain ledger, ezoow will secure its member's transaction and information from attack and keeping reliable record that can used the case dispute. close group system ezoow will run close group system that allows only members access its inventory. this allows services offer there lower price different from the rate integrity agreement. with the aid ezw tokens, ezoow will implement blockchain closed consumer group. owning least eths your erc- supported wallet ezw token sufficient become member and gain access ezoow website. the website requires log-in and open members only. and the listing not made public allowing ezoow sidestep the rate integrity agreements. unique features ezoow platform some the features that make unique from other platform include; over all the tourist and travelling essentials covered. full guide locations, sites, cities and countries. use the smart and intelligent technology development introduce easy and comfortable search options for booking. provide decentralized payment method appeal the revolution the blockchain. using ezoow cryptocurrency (ezw), instead the regular centralized payment methods, that require more time charge your bank account and several processes verification. ability pay with btc ezw. cashback you choose book through ezoow app enjoying additional discounts cashback your balance. ezoow referral program enhance promotion, distribution its services. ezoow app, provide smart wallet, you can deposit and withdraw btc and ezoow and monitor your balance. ezoow app provides smart widget see your balance. ezoow app provides smart widget all available exchanges ezoow. ezoow app provides means make direct exchange between ezw and btc. ability deposit ezw into your wallet provided use instant exchange, such exchange service use intelligent machine buy the lowest price from exchanges. ezoow has beautiful interface and designed user friendly and become the best choice for its users. ezoow uses intelligent program when you set your budget dashboard member; this program let you choose only from and restrict search automatically for vacations within your budget. ezoow reward program our services offer unique reward system all its members. our members are offered some discounts that can used make future travel purchases the platform. worth noting that the ezw tokens cannot transferred another person sold. token specifications allocation tokens initial coin offer will held raise money for development the booking solution. tokens will distributed community and interested buyers, will used for bounty and airdrop reward enthusiasts the ezoow token and encourage online promotion and marketing. tokens issued will allocated the founding and team working the project, while will reserved for future development. the total supply tokens will billion ezw and the quantity the token available for crowd sale billion ezw. the soft cap i.e. the minimum amount for the crowdsale accomplished ,,, ezoow tokens. the hard cap i.e. the maximum token offered ,,, ezoow tokens. ethereum based erc token the ezoow token will subscribed using ethereum. the token will issued standard erc and buyers can store them ether wallets. buyers will pay for the token with the equivalent value ethereum ezw eth) and send the etherscan address (xaaebdacffdcf). the token will based ethereum blockchain because robust, has relatively cheaper transaction fees and smart contracts can written easily. how buy ezoow token the crowdsale will hold from september october. participate the token sale, people will register, indicate the amount ezoow token they want buy and complete the kyc procedure. people from all countries are eligible participate the token sale. ensure you have least eth your erc- supported wallet (not the wallet exchange) plus gwei gas fee. send only the ethereum equivalent the ezoow tokens you want buy this contract address: xaaebdacffdcf your ezw will sent automatically your wallet. roadmap this section outlines our plans for development ezoow, the future releases and expansions. all the activites are strategic steps towards making ezoow the first choice for booking flight tickets, hotel and cabs. may start the initial development application march idea april market study determining the initial features ezoow service and application december final release application with features booking. junuary working development and marketing including finding new partners. august development ezw smart contract, release white paper june working development ezoow payment solution sebtember crowdsale establishment march listing top exchanges. june contracting deals with the largest world agencies travel booking. october crowdsale end and listing exchanges junuary planned fully working with all its features booking and ezw payment the most globally and lovely solution for travelers and see global adoption. marketing strategy will create awareness about the ezoow booking solution through online advertising campaign. press releases about the ezoow application and token sale will made crypto news sites and popular forums such techcrunch, coindesk and bitcointalk. the ezoow team will grant interviews relevant media houses and also attend industry events, conferences and roadshow. the aim make the ezoow brand popular and make the people's choice for travel booking. ezoow marketing process will also organize promotions and give out vouchers, coupons and discounts for flight and booking. will secure discount flight and cab tickets from our partners, this will restricted ezoow users. already have partnerships with several travel solution agencies. this will encourage people use our services the discounted prices. there will also referral program through our in-app marketing system. will also use our social media accounts engage with the general public posting content regularly. social media accounts website medium twitter facebook telegram group telegram channels bitcointalk email: support@ezoow.com team members our team made seasoned professionals who have several years experience blockchain technology and development amel amrela ceo blockchain advisor ahmed watny cto designer yogesh padsala blockchain developer adhik bagul developer why you should invest ezoow ezoow presents unique opportunity tap into the multibillion dollar travel industry solving the current unreliable booking processes place. ezoow solution provides number benefits over other existing booking solutions the market, and offers unrivalled value travelers and investors. envision that ezoow will become the number one and leading booking solution for travelers around the globe with all its features and ezoow payment system integrated. conclusion evident that blockchain and cryptocurrencies are the future carrying out financial transactions. the tourism, travel and booking industry continues grow exponentially, having more efficient, easy use and cheaper system necessity. ezoow will leverage blockchain technology bring solutions the issues faced travellers and make travelling more enjoyable experience. thank you