the fabric token ecosystem high-level development management smart contracts authors nikolay nikov, chief executive officer and co-founder marin ivanov, chief technology officer and co-founder doncho karaivanov, chief operating officer and co-founder simeon karaivanov, content editor version april abstract. blockchain technology, currently the underlying architecture most cryptocurrencies, allows the automatic processing online operations decentralized non-mediated manner via smart contracts. the grand scale, smart contracts can easily and phenomenally improve the current efficiency online relationships terms speed, security, and cost, while also reducing complexity. however, adopting blockchain technology and smart contracts currently challenging task due several integral problems, namely comprehensibility, resource allocation, and smart contract development, among others. the solution proposed herein the fabric token ecosystem, which will allow users and businesses easily adopt blockchain technology and smart contracts and will consist four main components. the first component propose the fabric token itself, which will used functional utility pay for products and services within the ecosystem. the second tokengen, user-friendly platform used generate smart contracts for the token economy. the third fabric flow all-in-one solution for businesses looking integrate blockchain technology and smart contracts into their business process management. the last component will the fabric store, decentralized marketplace for smart contract components, which will allow third-party developers further expand the functionality scope the fabric token ecosystem. see fabric token and its associated technologies fundamental part the future mainstream adoption blockchain and smart contracts, ultimately allowing people any means and any background play their part building decentralized world. table contents introduction the blockchain: overview further developments: smart contracts the current state the blockchain technology the challenges adopting blockchain technology developing smart contracts inefficient allocation resources ethereum solidity security considerations solidity shortcomings the current challenges intra- inter-organizational business processes products solutions tokengen: end-to-end token crowdsale automation tool fabric flow: the business application platform for incorporating blockchain into bpm fabric store: decentralized marketplace for smart contract components competitive landscape key team members fabric token launch token launch summary token distribution budget allocation legal considerations summary introduction blockchain technology and its newest development smart contracts promise decentralized, non-mediated future, which online relationships between people and businesses can handled self-executable, non-debatable manner thus ensuring that agreements will not breached, while also improving the efficiency and cost current methods transaction eliminating central information processors and intermediaries. point departure, this paper provide overview both blockchain technology (.) and smart contracts (.). then proceed assess the blockchain status quo variety industries (.) and then into section in-depth exploration the current challenges people and businesses face when developing smart contracts for their blockchainbased applications (., and .), concluding with overview current issues both intra- and inter-organizational business processes (.). section propose solution said challenges, namely the fabric token ecosystem, which will consist tokengen (.), fabric flow (.), and the fabric store (.), ending the section with roadmap for the project (.). then analyze the current competitive landscape the fabric token ecosystem and list the key team members this project (). section presents the fabric token launch, while section explores legal considerations. lastly, summarize section the blockchain: overview the story the blockchain begins early when bitcoin was released[]. satoshi nakamoto (most likely pseudonym) introduced electronic payment system that relied cryptography instead trust and made possible for any two willing parties make transaction that did not require any intermediaries. bitcoin allowed users interact using digital currency, unbound central regulating body and without the need for trusted third party, thus minimizing transaction fees and reducing processing time. less than decade, the technology underpinning bitcoin the blockchain has become one the most promising innovations since the advent the internet. essentially, the bitcoin blockchain chronological record all the transactions that have occurred within the system. relies the peers themselves process the transactions and fully accessible everyone the network. every new operation broadcast publicly and added the existing record, thus making sure each participant has the exact same version the blockchain any given time. this mechanism secures the network two ways. one that newer blocks transactions push the older ones deeper into the blockchain, which makes them practically impervious modification, due the amount computational power required perform such task. the other that, since the blockchain shared among all computers the network and since there central governing entity, single point failure exists within the system, whereas current intermediaries who offer services, which could potentially replaced blockchain technology, have had their data breached numerous occasions costly issue since losses are projected rise trillion usd per year globally []. there central authority keeping track activities the blockchain, relies network consensus establish whether certain transaction legitimate not. bitcoin's case the network relies specific set users, called miners, who have guess random nonce, small random piece data, order validate block transactions and then broadcast the network, where its integrity relation the previous records the blockchain can established. this validation process relegates only small fee the miner, requires only few minutes complete and operates round-the-clock. once block transactions has been validated, broadcast everyone the network and appended the blockchain. this transparency necessarily counterbalanced the fact that users themselves are pseudonymous and not any way linked person's real identity. unlike centralized banking systems, blockchain requires identification and the accounts themselves are merely, the case bitcoin and most other cryptocurrencies, -bit numbers represented various formats e.g. hexadecimal. further developments: smart contracts already illustrated, the blockchain technology started simple accounting tool applied within the bitcoin network. the underpinning architecture, however, makes extremely versatile terms application, any asset, data tangible property can digitized and embedded into the blockchain. this, ultimately, led the invention smart contracts. smart contracts are computer protocols that represent relationships between interested parties, though they are not legally binding, i.e. they are not agreements between legal entities. they are simply self-enforcing piece code which executes once the terms encoded the agreement are met. the key feature smart contracts that once they are deployed, their terms and conditions are immutable i.e. they cannot altered any way. furthermore, the specific properties smart contracts offer several benefits. the first and foremost that they require intermediary ensure that all parties keep their side the bargain, since smart contracts are executed all-or-nothing manner. this cuts transaction time and intermediary costs significantly (reducing the transaction cost only that necessary for the execution the smart contract's code and transaction fee) and significantly reduces the risk non-compliance either party, the possibility that legal dispute that consumes lot time and resources resolve might arise. this possibility further reduced the fact that computer language very rigid therefore does not allow for interpretation the clauses set forth the smart contract. short, smart contracts exploit the blockchain technology produce decentralized model for conducting wide variety online operations that potentially more secure and more efficient than the methods currently use. the current state the blockchain technology just under decade, what began the underlying architecture for cryptocurrencies now poised revolutionize industries varied finance, healthcare, insurance, publishing and even food delivery. and this likely only the beginning. for example, report from last year ibm titled "leading the pack blockchain banking: trailblazers set the pace"[] suggested that banks worldwide expected widely implement blockchain technology the end (see fig. while the number for was expected high while yet seen whether this prediction will come true, evident that trailblazers mass adopters followers fig. percentage banks expected have blockchain commercial production and scale from "leading the pack blockchain banking: trailblazers set the pace"[]. major financial institutions are actively researching ways which implement blockchain technology into their services hsbc, among other banks have already successfully tested out how use blockchain bond transactions, while bank america has announced partnership with microsoft experiment with the technology. other big banks like bnp paribas, societe generale, citibank, ubs, barclays, goldman sachs and santander have also announced that they are looking into ways they can use blockchain technology improve their efficiency. additionally, the dtcc working with ibm develop blockchain solution process its derivatives. naturally, there good cause for this. report[] accenture consulting, conducted along with mclagan concluded that banks can save the potential cost central finance reporting, the potential cost compliance, the potential cost centralized operations and the potential cost business operations, which can amount initial savings billion cost base billion. furthermore, fig. benefits blockchain core bank business areas (in percentage) according trailblazers from "leading the pack blockchain banking: trailblazers set the pace"[]. world goverments summit report[] presents even more ambitious future for blockchain technology suggesting that "the containerization shipping, and the quality revolution manufacturing which made mobile phones possible both came from cost and reliability breakthroughs fundamental processes. blockchain technologies could likely repeat this revolution for the slowest and most difficult parts the day day process running organization: compliance, regulation and the paperwork. business, government and society will all benefit." and proposing that blockchains can lead world where "computers most the grinding administrative work aligning all the details" and "people make the creative decisions". the report goes explore the key areas where blockchain technology can expected have big impact, beginning with public record keeping systems, where can improve the efficiency routine processes like asset transfers, while also helping bridge the problems with sharing information international environment, where large-scale projects that require components from around the world can get stuck, due the fact that very hard for people deal with such complexity efficiently. this, however, something computers excel and the report concludes that, using blockchain, "we can bring the world paperwork speed with the rest the global economy". the smaller scale, blockchains can ease international cooperation reducing the need rely shared legal code, since, mentioned earlier, smart contracts are very secure and significantly reduce the risk non-compliance with the underlying terms the agreement. the report also presents four case studies how implement blockchain technology. the first case study starts address the main problem establishing identity that our current systems have the fact that most the information about our identities scattered out our control databases that frequently don't interact. introduces identity management platform based blockchain technology that allows the individual assemble the disparate strands their identity into single whole, while maintaining the security that makes viable credential the eyes government authorities. this allows the user control which credentials they want share with which institutions. also allows banks share kyc (know your client) data, thereby reducing their expenses performing due diligence. the second case study explores the effects blockchain technology might have the autonomous transportation industry. the key benefit this case comes from smart contracts' ability automatize the complex ownership and rental agreements that are bound arise, and account for the vehicle's fuel and energy costs efficiently. this part what the chinese automaking giant wanxiang invested billion recently, aiming securitize the batteries used electric cars. their aim essentially reduce up-front costs electric automobiles leasing the battery instead selling it, which would also allow them monitor its status and act whenever problem seems imminent. but there reason that the vehicle itself cannot used similar way the battery. for example, autonomous car can act taxi service hailed app and paid for all through the blockchain. the money can then distributed the owner's through smart contract, thus automating the entire process. the blockchain can even used further the routing capabilities autonomous vehicles. for example, each vehicle has its own identity given blockchain, would easier for navigate traffic more efficiently. finally, the report examines how blockchain technology can used improve healthcare services. this links back the case study identity, where examined how can construct centralized identity, controlled each user that contains all their information, health records included. through the use smart contracts, this information can shared selectively with the proper medical institutions and eliminate the current problem numerous health records for single person. the case research, can used make shared storage medical intervention and patient outcome records, which would anonymized make the data safer and help doctors choose better treatment plans. smart contracts can also put place ensure that certain procedures were followed medical research, thereby raising trust its validity. finally, can simplify and automatize much the paperwork regarding insurance claims and government healthcare benefits linking patient's identity profile the relevant services and having automatically perform the necessary verifications. all these facts strongly suggest that blockchain technology and smart contracts, now gaining more and more popularity since their advent with the launch ethereum, are here stay. this further confirmed recent deloitte blockchain executive survey[] which was conducted the end which "an initial sample respondents" with later focus "on senior executives the u.s. companies with million more annual revenue", showed that stated that they would "be comfortable contracting with another party using blockchain-based smart contract" and another stated that "there value recording existing contracts the blockchain" (see fig. short, blockchain technology and especially smart contracts represent would comfortable contracting with another party using blockchain-based smart contract b)there value recording existing contracts the blockchain organization currently using blockchain-based smart contracts commercially none the above i'm not sure fig. poll results from the survey conducted chu al.[]. great opportunity simplify and improve some the fundamental processes operation wide range industries, while making transactions faster and more secure. these decentralized architectures have wide applicability and many major companies and institutions, most notably dubai[], nasdaq[], host major banks[] and stock exchanges[], insurance companies[] and many more, are already experimenting with the technology order substantially improve their products and services. the challenges adopting blockchain technology developing smart contracts smart contracts, first glance, may seem simple enough develop considering solidity's syntax being very similar that javascript. lot issues come up, however, once contracts become more complex and especially when relationships develop between different pieces code. simple bugs and security flaws can slip through and adversaries may exploit them, which could potentially lead losses millions dollars worth cryptocurrencies. and while may extremely simple for experienced software developer single-handedly write, test, and deploy the code for their smart contracts, can prove substantially challenging for someone with little programming experience the same thing. this forces people look for highly expensive collaboration with specialists who have the proper technical expertise write the algorithms needed computer-understandable, blockchain-supported language such solidity. furthermore, even experienced developers can make mistakes but when this coupled with the immutable nature smart contracts, get very inadmissible result which cannot reverted fixed. this, turn, may backfire one the main ideas smart contracts the simplification and transparency relationships between parties engaged any form. result, the expertise required transform application logic into smart contracts may surpass current levels competence, possibly making expert intermediaries necessary and erasing one the key benefits using smart contracts the first place. inefficient allocation resources international data corporation estimate[] showed that there were around million software developers and ict-skilled workers worldwide which million were classified hobbyists. another study the software developer population the top countries the world that same year evans data's global developer population and demographic study supported the results. the same report from showed global developer population had risen million and projected the same reach million (see fig. while these numbers may seem big, when put relation the world population, estimated have reached billion october [], this amounts just about percent. when combine this data with the fact that most software developers consider the current state blockchain technology unstable and/or experimental, are left with only minority who are position take advantage this misunderstood, rather, misinterpreted technology[]. naturally, this acts significant constraint innovation this emerging and potentially disruptive industry. the same time, due the lack user-friendly interfaces, experts from non-technical fields, looking harness the power blockchain technology and fig. global developer population and projected growth (in millions) according the annual "evans data's global developer population and demographic study". the many benefits brings the table[], are left with other choice, but hire highly-paid developers and consultants help them apply their innovative ideas blockchain-based applications. this puts significant financial strain, especially smaller startups the industry, forcing them focus much their finances development, testing, improvement, and auditing their smart contracts code instead their idea. sum up, people with little experience programming, blockchain technology, and smart contract development, looking apply their ideas decentralized manner, could potentially end spending, the sense overall business cash flow, the money they would potentially save hire team experts develop, implement, and deploy their decentralized application (dapp) ultimately making them question whether employing blockchain technology and smart contracts worth their while all. ethereum solidity security considerations dapps, their core, rely carefully written and fully tested smart contracts order function properly, i.e. the explicit manner that they were designed operate in. however, recent research[] showed that the that time (october, total existing ethereum smart contracts were flagged vulnerable "symbolic execution tool called oyente"[], developed the same team who performed the study. out these potentially vulnerable smart contracts, (.%) were detected have mishandled exceptions meaning they were calling other smart contracts which could potentially throw exception due insufficient gas for example. the caller contracts such exception tod reentrancy timestamp fig. number vulnerable smart contracts per each security bug from luu al.[]. cases should explicitly check return values from callee contracts order verify the latter executed its code properly. out the distinct smart contracts found have mishandled exceptions, the researchers manually analyzed all contracts that had their source code publicly available online and found false positives. furthermore, (.%) the smart contracts were found transactionordering dependent (tod) meaning the code executed them was potentially open manipulation due the very nature how transactions are bundled blocks and how new blocks are appended the blockchain. tod smart contracts and contracts with mishandled exceptions are only two the security bugs documented the case study conducted luu al.[] with the other two being reentrancy and timestamp dependence, though there were far fewer instances those (see fig. moreover, oyente reported that the analyzed smart contracts held total eth, which that time equaled around million usd (currently little over billion usd). this data strongly suggests that there lack incentives for malicious users target and exploit vulnerabilities smart contracts order gain profit which became obvious when the infamous the dao bug[], simple reentrancy flaw, cost investors over million usd back june, due the severity the problem caused, ethereum was forced fork into what now the current ethereum and ethereum classic. more recently, vulnerability the parity wallet library was accidentally triggered and, result, deleted the library code, rendering all multi-sig (multiple signature) contracts using the library unusable, and the eth stored them (worth roughly million usd[]) indefinitely frozen[], further confirming the fact that even experienced developers can overlook flaws their smart contracts. solidity shortcomings there are several reasons why one may hesitate invest their time learning solidity for their blockchain-based application. will not dig into the limitations the language which stem from the fact that designed work only the ethereum blockchain (evm) but rather look into the general language design and platform problems that dapp developers currently face. will start with the issue that the language has final specification and its development takes more bottom-up approach, where features are added the language and the virtual machine and are later added the documentation. this results frequent and sometimes backwards incompatible changes[], for instance multiple breaking changes (september, starting deprecation throw and adding assert, require and revert (march, and (upcoming, soon). there currently formal validation the solidity compiler full code review and audit similar the one for the serpent compiler[], which resulted project convert all its code solidity. fortunately for solidity, due its large user base well tested and were undergo such audit, there are likely not going too many bugs. though the language looks deceptively simple shares similarities with javascript, programming for solidity and the ethereum virtual machine differs from traditional procedural programming. developers should approach the problems with the transaction paradigm mind, some risks can crop from using traditional approaches. the official documentation solidity provides few guides and common patterns[] that help avoid some the common pitfalls, like rendering your contract unusable state. addition that, there are some security considerations that developers should deal with regarding the security the data and types bugs that could occur[]. the testing side ethereum projects solidity, there are some rough edges that hinder the development process. the moment there official framework made for testing the smart contracts, most people are using different frameworks and test clients. one the best testing tools available currently truffle, which usually combined with different test clients such ethereumjs, geth parity. however the test clients usually lag behind the official specification and using newer compiler may become issue, because the compiler cannot generate bytecode for older versions the ethereum client and evm. common issue for example getting invalid opcode errors the ethereumjs client when using revert. moreover truffle does not provide the best experience out-of-the-box and requires some tweaking and additional plugins, like adding chai-biginteger, babel, and solidity-coverage for smooth testing experience. looking over the facts portrayed this and the previous sub-section (.) means intended invective against either the solidity programming language, the ethereum virtual machine and the underlying issues current blockchain-based technologies but rather, display small subset the necessary technical and computing knowledge required safely develop, test, and deploy decentralized applications. one can easily see how non-trained person could, rather, will, potentially overlook these and other similar considerations and leave opening for malicious users later exploit fundamental flaws the developed smart contracts which, already mentioned, cannot changed. the current challenges intra- inter-organizational business processes business process assortment activities aimed attaining certain organizational goal i.e. producing definitive product service for specific customer customers. furthermore, the integration business processes, e.g., along supply chain, has been found improve both operational and business performance[], which leads strong demand the corporate world. moreover, business processes can modeled using the business process model and notation (bpmn) standard, developed and maintained the object management group, which essentially allows businesses graphically represent their business processes. when bpmn coupled with business process management (bpm) discipline comprised various methods aimed modeling, discovering, analyzing, measuring, improving, and automating business processes they create powerful, accessible tool that can significantly improve both intra- and inter-business activities standardizing company procedures, thus drastically easing crossorganizational communication. chinosi al.[] report that "bpmn used near the interviewed users, while almost them use bpmn and use combination both". furthermore, the same survey also shows that bpmn primarily used for documenting purposes (%) and execution business processes (%) with simulation the latter still being crucial though most cases ingrained inside the business process execution environment. additionally, business process modeling survey conducted bptrends[], showed that the respondents who fully completed the survey (partial completes were excluded from the case study) used business process modeling one way another. however, despite their large-scale adoption, business processes, the way they are currently modeled and managed, have their fundamental flaws i.e. the lack trust[] in, e.g., cross-organizational collaborative processes[] and the increasing complexity originating from, say, various participants and intra-organizational workflows being implemented cross-organizational business processes[]. consider the following supply chain scenario, depicted the article "change and compliance collaborative processes"[] and further simplified weber al.[]: the process very simple and straightforward starts with the fig. simplified supply chain example from weber al.[]. bulk buyer placing order with the manufacturer who, turn, calculates the demand and places order with the middleman who essentially proxy through which the manufacturer will get the materials ordered the supplier and delivered the carrier whose transport ordered again the middleman. this type business process called choreography because there single hub the process which sees all messages along the workflow execution. and this where problems and inconsistencies the current state the business process might arise. consider the following scenario execution the simplified supply chain fig. the manufacturer receives the materials they ordered several days later and with less pallets than they agreed upon. that case, both the middleman and the supplier might claim that the other fault and, since there party that has seen all messages along the supply chain, can grueling task determine the source the problem. the carrier is, that scenario, eligible for compensation either the middleman the supplier, due the fact that the manufacturer refuses accept the delivery wrongly executed order. this can set off complex process resolution that not only takes additional time complete. but also puts strain the relationship between each participant organization, therefore substantially lowering the efficiency the business process. this simplified supply chain scenario roughly portrays the lack trust problem cross-organizational business processes which, left is, may hinder both optimization and improvement the collaborative business process. moreover, grassi[] details the entire business process documentary letter credit, which banks frequently offer customers who are conducting international import/export activities. the same business process further examined fridgen al.[], which followed the design science research approach[] "design, implement, and evaluate blockchain prototype for cross-organizational workflow management" and focused solely the central processing all relevant documents within the business process. the document workflow the same depicted the study fridgen al.[] (fig. for convenience) shows substantial lack speed and presents several other problems. essentially, the process fig. schematic document workflow for letter credit from fridgen al.[] starts with the exporter sending trading goods the importer simultaneously submitting all documents the advising bank i.e. the seller's bank. the last audits the documents and subsequently sends them the issuing bank i.e. the buyer's bank, which turn performs the same process the advising bank. both banks audit the documents submitted and find problems, the issuing bank initiates the payment for the trading goods. finally, the importer can collect the trading goods from the location they the exporter specified. evident that, its current state, this business process has several underlying problems. the first the fact that paper-based multi-versions (for security reasons) the original documents need travel around the world, making the process slow and inefficient. the second the amount manual labor required process all documents both the bank the seller and the bank the buyer, which can delayed even further audit multiple versions the same document. next comes the problem tracking, which core problem for most interorganizational business processes, since, their very design, they are choreographies and lack single party that has access all parts the workflow. the fourth problem the lack overall process history, since each step the process recorded, all, only its participant. finally, the researchers note the two areas where the process can improved the most process time and cost. both are extremely high the first one spanning several days (sending and auditing the documents) and the latter, being strongly dependent the first, balancing the costs accordingly due the long process times and manual work effort needed. due note here that although both the above scenarios explicitly depict cross-organizational business processes, some the problems outlined, e.g., high process times and cost, resulting from overreliance manual labor, apply intraorganizational processes well. furthermore, enterprise resource planning (erp) systems, currently the unified management system core business processes within organization, present, among others[], profound problem the form unforeseen costs covering implementation and maintenance[]. this includes the renovation complete re-engineering the business processes already place, well the development new ones due the inevitable interaction with the erp system maintenance team who are the only ones capable, low level, make the necessary adjustments core organizational business processes. this lack higher-level abstraction the development and improvement organizational workflows prevents individuals, who lack the necessary technical knowledge from developing new and re-engineering the existing business processes their own, or, the very least, from being involved. this could stifle the renovation organization's business operations and make the erp system integration more susceptible failure for variety reasons, namely lack executive involvement unrealistic expectations. the problems far portrayed this section, mostly concern cross-organizational business processes, however not exclusively so, some them apply intraorganizational workflows well. all them can potentially solved employing blockchain technology and smart contracts. yet, there are few reasons why, despite this, there lack both research and solution implementations[,]. the first and most conspicuous that most businesses still regard blockchain technology experimental and don't really know how apply their business operations, they are waiting for more research conducted before coming decision evaluate and attempt potential blockchain implementation. the second the lack standardization using blockchain technology and smart contracts business processes. bpm and erp systems have largely been adopted due the standards, e.g., bpmn, which different corporations consistently interact with each other. despite weber al.[] proposing example application for both blockchain and smart contracts within supply chain scenario, remains mostly unclear the broad implementation these architectures within various types workflows. this further complemented the fact that most businesses are yet unaware the use cases for blockchain technology. furthermore, already mentioned, both predicted and unforseen costs erp systems are familiar cause implementation failure. rimba al.[] present case study comparing business process execution blockchain (the public ethereum blockchain) with the same cloud services (amazon simple workflow service) and the results show that the cost the former can two orders magnitude higher than the latter. naturally, this can prompt organizations doubt blockchain's applicability business process execution despite the clear benefits the technology brings. this problem could solved executing business processes private blockchains, e.g. using hyperledger fabric, due the fact that does not require mining (proof-of-work and similar mechanisms) order maintain security within the system. summary, intra-, and especially inter-organizational business processes, are currently suffering from several basic problems that could potentially resolved combining the use blockchain technology, the execution environment for business processes, and smart contracts, replacement for intermediaries and naturally self-enactable application logic. products solutions the products and solutions listed here will solve the problems portrayed the previous section this paper. already established, the fabric token ecosystem will consist four main components the fabric token itself, tokengen, fabric flow, and the fabric store. while there isn't much say about the fabric token (its launch will covered section due the fact that simple digital asset purposed payment means within the ecosystem, the rest the products will elucidated much detail possible. tokengen: end-to-end token crowdsale automation tool bridging the gap between natural human-understandable language and computerunderstandable language means easy task. however, when dealing with smart contracts, believe that could done very efficiently, because the very specific use cases, e.g., "smart contracts: use cases for business beyond"[], which smart contracts can applied. possible, therefore, design templates, which will represent the necessary online operations depicting the relationships between interested parties. smart contracts could potentially assume large parts certain government functions well specific industries e.g., the case government functions, replacing current voting systems with smart contracts characterizing the same process without the many vulnerabilities that come with conventional approaches. concerning industries, for example, the financial services industry could benefit from smart contracts automating trade clearing and settlement well approvals between counterparties, calculating trade settlement amounts, and transferring funds all without the delays and potential mistakes intermediaries[]. however, have already shown extensively, most people not possess the necessary computing skills create smart contracts their own. tokengen will lay the foundation for the bridge between human-understandable and computer language, providing straightforward, easy-to-use user web interface and pre-defined smart contract templates for tokens and fundraisers. after its initial launch, which will follow right after the launch ends, tokengen will support smart contract generation using pre-defined underlying templates for standard token and fundraiser functionality. the front-end, users will have through very simple step-by-step process, selecting their smart contract functionality, providing necessary information such token name and symbol, and then paying small fee before ultimately getting the smart contract code generated tokengen according their input. the smart contract code generated tokengen will fully tested and ready for deployment, and conformity with latest solidity programming and security standards, thus mitigating the threat adversary exploiting overlooked bugs and vulnerabilities the code. furthermore, aside from the smart contract code generated tokengen, the tool will also provide in-depth documentation all smart contract templates available for use within the tool's functionality scope, allowing virtually any person make informed decision when selecting their templates. additionally, important note that the smart contract code generated tokengen can fully edited the user, though strongly advise against for people, who lack extensive knowledge the solidity programming language, the ethereum virtual machine, and blockchain technologies general. the main idea behind tokengen will empower individuals from any background, any means create the smart contracts for their token and fundraiser thus allowing them focus their resources their competencies. believe this will pave the way for lot people, who are right now sitting silently the sidelines, gain the confidence and perspective needed push their idea for blockchain-based application one step closer realization. smart contracts propose radical, yet simple solution many fundamental problems within government institutions and multi-billion dollar industries, only logical that empower more people with this technology. need nurture, not hinder innovation this, still, emerging industry, because could potentially bring about global change the way people and businesses enact trust one another. fabric flow: the business application platform for incorporating blockchain into bpm while tokengen will allow users effortlessly create smart contracts for the most common elements the token economy, fabric flow will target more advanced development smart contracts that facilitates designing intra- and inter-organizational processes blockchain. has already been discussed section what the challenges and areas improvement both internal and cross-organizational business processes are the moment. there are many tools that can facilitate the digital transformation businesses, however only blockchain has the ability distributed single shared source truth and lay the foundation develop inter-organizational business processes without the need for trusted intermediaries, where the process information immutable, traceable and tamper-proof. the middlemen are longer needed for their function being orchestrator either replaced the blockchain and its consensus protocol. fabric flow leverages the features public and private blockchains help design, manage, automate and monitor decentralized business processes and simplify them making the traditional role intermediary redundant. similar service choreography, the smart contracts published the blockchain act distributed services that allow faster integration business processes, compared traditional orchestrated services. other benefits utilizing smart contracts for cross-organizational processes include better audit trail, reduced costs, well the common benefits digital transformation i.e. removing paperwork, decreased business costs, etc. fabric flow, much like conventional bpm and workflow management software, processes are designed using graphical notation that automates their execution, however, differs from them that the process acts smart contract, which shared with the involved parties and executed and validated the blockchain network peers. let look simple example internal process organization that can use fabric flow enhance its performance. employee wants make request for funding project within the company and order get it, must procure the approval both his supervisor and his financial director. very old-fashioned approach, can organize this process using printed form and written signatures, which the employee must collect and act integrator the process himself. nowadays, more common approach use email, groupware another software system that takes care these routine procedures. however, this approach not very suitable for horizontal, team-based organizations where teams are self-organized and develop their own processes. designing the process smart contract using fabric flow provides the appropriate security measures ensure the right people have signed-off the project and ensures that the signatures are not forged and the proposal has not been modified subsequently. moreover the process can easily re-engineered fit the ever-changing requirements the company's internal processes thus eliminating the complexity problem erp systems bring the table. the fabric token core team has already decided multiple aspects the fabric flow product, including supported blockchain technologies, modeling notation, software architecture and technology stack. our research contemporary blockchain technologies, their architectural differences, future projects and prospects has convinced that must support multiple blockchain platforms. the product will start targeting the ethereum blockchain and hyperledger fabric, prioritizing ethereum, due its maturity the dapp market and its widespread usage baas (blockchain service) platforms that provide private blockchains, along with the fact that some forms the evm (ethereum virtual machine) are used range other projects, most notably hyperledger burrow[]. the hyperledger the other hand well-known blockchain portfolio projects make enterprise-grade blockchains for businesses. started internal ibm experiment and grew into community effort that backed the linux foundation, intel, sap, j.p. morgan, airbus and host other major companies primarily from the and financial landscape[]. the hyperledger fabric platform where fabric flow will show its best features, since will enable decentralized processes executed the environment private cross-organizational blockchains without the need for central trust party. since these are private and permissioned blockchain infrastructures, they have some advantages over ethereum, e.g. there need for mining establish trust between peers, therefore making transaction costs practically zero. the modeling notation for the application was decided the bpmn specification for number reasons. have looked into multiple notations for this task, including bpel, workflow nets, petri nets and even good old flow charts and while bpmn certainly not silver bullet business process modeling[], high-level notation that very expressive and already established standard the industry. the specification features graphical representation for modeling business processes, which can also exported machine-readable bpmn xml format which includes the graphical representation diagram format. this will allow fabric flow reuse bpmn diagrams created using different modeling software. already mentioned, the standard developed omg (open management group), which best known for uml (unified modeling language) that the facto standard for software design and architecture. the bpmn has become iso organization standard iso/iec :[]. initially, the product will target subset the bpmn specification, since research showed that businesses already use limited set elements bpmn their process models[] and certain subset the specification will enable the straightforward transformation bpmn model smart contract code. the specification subset will extended with called "trigger components" that will facilitate the connection between the inter-organizational process implementations web services and internal process implementations. the architecture the project will feature cross-platform stand-alone desktop application and the fabric flow cloud. the application will used for modeling and testing the business processes and domain model locally, while the fabric flow cloud will enable optimized smart contract code compiling and deployment. the electron framework was selected platform for the application will leverage the previous experience the fabric token team members this technology and will allow cross-platform support out-of-the box. order check there are any performance considerations that may arise from the selection the framework, have developed non-functional prototype rendering large enough bpmn model which showed that the framework does not impose any significant performance issues even slightly dated computer hardware. conclusion, fabric flow will provide all-in-one solution organizations, large and small, looking integrate blockchain technology and smart contracts into their business processes therefore practically removing intermediaries, reducing process times and substantially lowering costs, among other benefits. fabric flow will lay the foundation for the standardization business process execution and management blockchains and pave the way for mainstream adoption the technology within any industry institution that can potentially benefit from it. fabric store: decentralized marketplace for smart contract components our final product proposal, present our idea for decentralized marketplace, which third party developers can offer extensions the fabric token ecosystem. strictly digital marketplaces for software components are huge niche the world outside crypto, with the atlassian marketplace sales alone amassing over million usd[]. and this niche means limited this single marketplace, with the eclipse and wordpress marketplaces facilitating similarly impressive number trades turn. envato reported stunning profit $,, alone[], with single third-party wordpress theme generating millions dollars sales. the eclipse marketplace has recently surpassed million downloads, with sizable portion those being downloads plugins with commercial licence. since this space blockchain development essentially unexplored, believe are the first enter future market niche, and software engineers who help develop addons and components that complement our software will also exposed lucrative and attractive opportunity, while helping advertise and expand the fabric token product network. the fabric store will allow developers sell individual components such software libraries, addons and themes for our software solutions simple and decentralized manner. the marketplace will make use the blockchain order ensure the immutability the data it, guaranteeing that central authority, not even the creators the fabric token can tamper with the reviews left users, common cause critique even the most established online marketplaces. the immutability aspect will also prevent chargeback fraud, another common problem with legacy online marketplaces[]. believe that these advantages decentralized marketplaces over traditional ones, combined with the niche specificity the fabric store opposed generic decentralized exchanges that allow and incentivize the listing variety products, will turn into success, which not only rewards talented developers for their contributions towards the improvement our own software products, but also creates huge network effect that benefits fabric token holders and helps the ecosystem around grow organically. another important consideration the fact that the fabric store will not limit developers publishing only fabric flow and tokengen extensions. fact, our plan for this project turn into the go-to marketplace for blockchain-related software components, and our efforts its initial popularization will also help attract other third-party component developers exposing them already active market, while turn taking advantage those developers' pre-acquired audience order promote the marketplace's further organic growth. competitive landscape innovative solutions technology have the tendency create lucrative markets around them. while there are countless examples this, the evolution data persistence and the mobile revolution are the two that believe are most relevant the current situation, and can draw many parallels between the markets that they created and the blockchain space, which still severely underdeveloped. have chosen those two areas particular, because the essence our own products software solutions, providing rapid application development for novel persistence layer technology. there's real-world data available for both rad software solutions for novel technologies (mobile applications) and statistics market growth novel persistence layer paradigm (nosql) and believe the obvious parallels that can drawn can help quantify the opportunities present the blockchain space. while blockchain has been almost synonymous with bitcoin, and, more recently, the ethereum ecosystem decentralized applications, from enterprise software development perspective, simply novel persistence layer and comparisons can made between blockchain, and previous database technologies for data persistence. particular, this section will examine the noteworthy events, which prompted the evolution the space, and how they created billion dollar markets around them. the hegemony relational databases started the early and this technological paradigm remained completely unchallenged until the dawn the -st century. provided rigid structure for the data stores, and both the convenience and the limitations that came along with its rule set shaped the direction which future software was envisioned and implemented. once competing paradigms emerged, they empowered developers think ways which were unimaginable before, thus allowing completely new set software solutions, particular those that could now take advantage unlimited scaling capabilities, powered the native and intuitive support for horizontal scaling provided nosql databases. despite the fact that almost all nosql database products were free use, much like how blockchains are universally available, the ecosystem surrounding this innovative creation built highly lucrative market for third party software and consultancy. revenues for companies the ecosystem have been growing every single year since despite the initial craze wearing off. the newly-found interest the technology for its actual usefulness trumps the loss interest after the novelty effect expired with both professional services for big data and analytical and transactional application revenue growing immensely just the span years, reaching almost billion usd[]. similarly how nosql became the answer the big data question and provided simple scaling solution that previous-generation database management systems were not suited for, the blockchain opens yet another world possibilities. distributed immutable database for inter-company data storage and programmable "smart contracts" has been demand well before its inception and first implementation, evident the first use the term "smart contract" nick szabo back []. with the ecosystem still its infancy and the lessons learned from the nosql market growth, believe there huge potential for enormous market around this innovation, and this market will benefit from being catered with standardized rapid application development framework following familiar concepts something that nosql failed accomplish for long time[]. rapid application development toolkit success the mobile space also suggests that our optimism well-founded. mendix, example implementation similar concept for mobile applications has been showing impressive growth from the inception mobile applications niche date, with triple digit growth for []. its latest funding round values the company well into the tens millions dollars[]. another relevant example, bpm workflow-focused tibco business studio one the best sellers tibco software, and major contributor the company's billion usd assets late may []. the company was acquired for billion usd shortly after the financial statement release[]. and these impressive numbers are means result monopoly first-mover advantage tibco the preferred bpmn editor provider roughly participants survey[] where privately-owned bizagi holds more than the numbers clearly show that corporations are heavily invested bpmn standards and related software, and there current product the market which caters blockchain users. intend fill this gap and believe that our first-mover advantage this space will ensure long-term profitability. key team members nikolay nikov, former software consultant, previously worked the largest fraud detection system the well the security framework royal institution's software suite. marin ivanov, devops engineer with more than years experience projects ranging from web development, system applications and low-level embedded programming. combined with career encompassing both his creative side and the disciplined approach regulatory compliance, cto any project would love have. doncho karaivanov, successful entrepreneur digital marketing present, with rich background software development. driven his creativity and strive for perfection, the perfect fit for technical team focused innovation and user experience. dimitar boyanov, experienced software engineer having developed and managed the lifecycle large-scale corporate applications the financial sector compliant regulatory and audit requirements national and international scale while working for deutsche bank senior business analyst. krastyu georgiev, accomplished software expert with more than years professional experience the architecture, design, implementation and maintenance complex software systems for german, swiss, belgian and bulgarian companies. over the years has played the roles enterprise architect (e-government), technical project manager, scrum master, software solution architect, and java enterprise developer. marian nedelchev, seasoned business analysis professional and core team player large and mid-sized projects within the financial and government sectors germany, and bulgaria. milen ivanov, experienced and successful trader with more than years experience the nyse exchange working for one the top trading companies bulgaria alaric securities. petya valkova, solution architect with broad experience delivering multi-technology projects high-ranked companies. her fast-paced analytical thinking and vast technology and business knowledge help her drive projects success. simeon karaivanov, professional reader with more than years experience, who also acquisitions editor one the leading commercial publishing houses bulgaria bard publishers. fabric token launch the goal the fabric token launch will raise maximum million usd with minimum threshold set due the fact that will proceed with the development and improvement the ecosystem regardless the outcome the fundraiser. token launch summary due the nature cryptocurrencies and their volatility, cannot provide final numbers regarding some the parameters the fabric token launch. that being said, the following are best estimates january nd, maximum funds raised target: eth approximately million usd. token exchange rate: eth equals fabric tokens other terms, will sold for exactly usd. fabric token smart contract address: will known exactly hours before fundraiser begins. launch date and time: february th, utc. token launch completion: either after days from the beginning the launch until maximum funds raised target reached. token distribution will available for sale the general public. will the fabric token core team and will released after months. will the fabric token strategic advisors and will locked until the end the launch. will allocated advisors and released after months. will used for the bounty program. budget allocation product development: the budget allocated the core fabric token team. this financing will allow the development the fabric flow product, including the necessary adjustments and improvements the already existing tokengen tool. marketing: the budget allocated for expanding awareness and adoption the fabric token ecosystem. contractors: the budget allocated for third-party service providers offering engineering, marketing, growth-hacking, pr, partnerships, and other necessary services. legal: the budget allocated for legal costs. contingency: the budget allocated for unforeseen costs. administration: the budget allocated for security, accounting and other associated administration costs. legal considerations fabric tokens are only intended used functional utility the fabric token ecosystem. fabric tokens are not securities and are not purposed for speculative investment cannot make any promises predictions regarding their value and future performance the cryptocurrency market. furthermore, holding does not provide one with additional rights towards use products and services the fabric token ecosystem, nor does equate participation our legal entity and does not grant equity, governance, any other rights the same. fabric tokens are sold digital asset, similar downloadable software applications, and cannot sold residents the usa, singapore, prc, any other countries where the sale such tokens may require licensing security from the respective government institutions. funding received from the fabric token launch may adapted the development team deems fit order better mature and advance the products associated with the ecosystem. additionally, while are heavily investing the security this enterprise, cannot protect users from all possible sources error parts the blockchain technology stack are simply out our control. therefore, the user needs aware risks that come with using the software provided the fabric token ecosystem including, but not limited deployment smart contacts and potential value loss regards the products and services used on. strongly advise that one never risk anything they cannot afford lose any equity, fabric token otherwise, and highly advise fully researching and understanding all the mechanics involved the entire process before participating any way. fabric tokens are meant used people who have strong understanding cryptocurrencies and their underlying blockchain technology, only for the purpose using products and services the ecosystem. furthermore, the fabric token team fully abides the laws set within their countries operation. since intend provide our products and services decentralized manner, and since regulations cryptocurrencies are still their early stages and can change practically overnight, our legal entity must act accordingly these volatile rules and bounds enacted country-specific and international laws. for more information the subject, refer the fabric token sale terms and conditions. summary began this paper making quick overview the most imperative aspects both the blockchain technology described its architecture, which essentially decentralized distributed ledger shared along peer-to-peer network after which gave overview its underlying sequentially-developed technology smart contracts, covering their capability self-enforce and execute the terms encoded within them specified the agreement between the interested parties conducting the online transaction. furthermore, examined several essential problems concerning the adoption blockchain technology, e.g., the fact that most people still cannot separate the blockchain technology itself from the cryptocurrency applied and assume that only used for speculative and risky investments; the development smart contracts, mainly with the solidity programming language the ethereum blockchain; the lack official testing framework for solidity, and both intraand inter-organizational business processes. naturally, after the problems, presented the solutions. proposed the fabric token ecosystem, consisting the fabric token itself, tokengen, fabric flow, and the fabric store complete solution the aforementioned problems. explained how the fabric token will used solely payment for products and services within the ecosystem while our first product, tokengen, will allow users easily generate smart contracts for their tokens and fundraisers therefore shifting their focus from this unexplored and underdeveloped area the thing that matters most, i.e. their idea. showed how fabric flow will allow businesses any size, easily integrate blockchains and smart contracts within their company's intra- and inter-organizational business processes well model, manage, and improve their workflows using the intuitive drag-and-drop interface with bpmn diagram representation for the business processes. last but not least, discussed how the fabric store will allow third-party developers create smart contracts and components, which further expand the functionality scope our software, while also promoting the fabric token ecosystem ever-growing group users and businesses. firmly believe that blockchain technology and smart contracts will play huge role the radical improvement numerous multi-billion dollar industries and government institutions. this provides imperative for creating bundle simplified user interfaces order enhance innovation this developing industry. the fabric token ecosystem will empower individuals and businesses with easy access blockchain technology and smart contracts thus allowing virtually anyone participate, one way another, building decentralized and trustworthy world. references nakamoto bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system [internet]; [cited sep available from: https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf. wikipedia. list data breaches [internet]. wikimedia foundation; page version id: [cited nov available from: https://en.wikipedia. org/w/index.php?title=list_of_data_breaches&oldid=. leading the pack blockchain banking: trailblazers set the pace [internet]. ibm; [cited nov available from: https://www-.ibm.com/common/ssi/ cgi-bin/ssialias?htmlfid=gbpusen. banking blockchain value analysis for investment banks [internet]. accenture consulting; [cited nov available from: https://www.accenture.com/ttz__w__/usen/_acnmedia/accenture/conversion-assets/dotcom/documents/global/ pdf/consulting/accenture-banking-on-blockchain.pdf. gupta consensys llc. building the hyperconnected future blockchains [internet]. world government summit; [cited nov available from: https://www.worldgovernmentsummit.org/api/publications/document? id=cdc-ec--bf-ffaddb. chu ream schatsky contracts get smarter with blockchains [internet]. the wall street journal; [cited nov available from: http://deloitte. wsj.com/cio////contracts-get-smarter-with-blockchains/. dubai blockchain strategy [internet]. smart dubai; [cited nov available from: http://www.smartdubai.ae/dubai_blockchain.php. butts forget bitcoin, the blockchain revolution coming [internet]. nasdaq; [updated oct cited nov available from: http://www.nasdaq.com/article/forget-bitcoin-the-blockchainrevolution-is-coming-cm. kharpal blockchain technology moving into the financial mainstream with ibm and seven european banks [internet]. nasdaq; [updated jun cited nov available from: https://www.cnbc.com////ibmbuilding-blockchain-for-seven-major-banks-trade-finance.html. bajpai how stock exchanges are experimenting with blockchain technology [internet]. nasdaq; [updated jun cited nov available from: http://www.nasdaq.com/article/how-stock-exchanges-areexperimenting-with-blockchain-technology-cm. barlyn aig teams with ibm use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy [internet]. thomson reuters; [updated jun cited nov available from: https://www.reuters.com/article/us-aig-blockchaininsurance/aig-teams-with-ibm-to-use-blockchain-for-smart-insurancepolicy-iduskbncd. framingham idc releases worldwide software developer and ict-skilled worker estimates [internet]. business wire; [updated dec cited nov available from: https://www.reuters.com/article/us-aig-blockchaininsurance/aig-teams-with-ibm-to-use-blockchain-for-smart-insurancepolicy-iduskbncd. developer population growth rate latin america top europe and north america [internet]. evans data corporation; [cited nov available from: https://evansdata.com/press/viewrelease.php?pressid=. wikipedia. world population [internet]. wikimedia foundation; [page version id: cited nov available from: https://en.wikipedia.org/ w/index.php?title=world_population&oldid=. ekblaw barabas harvey-buschel lippman bitcoin and the myth decentralization: socio-technical proposals for restoring network integrity. in: foundations and applications self* systems, ieee international workshops on. ieee; available from: http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/ cuccuru beyond bitcoin: early overview smart contracts. international journal law and information technology. ;available from: https://academic.oup.com/ijlit/article/////beyondbitcoin-an-early-overview-on-smart. luu chu dh, olickel saxena hobor making smart contracts smarter. in: proceedings the acm sigsac conference computer and communications security. acm; available from: https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=. oyente: analysis tool for smart contracts [internet]. melonproject; original-date: --t::z. available from: https://github.com/ melonproject/oyente. daian analysis the dao exploit [internet]. hacking distributed; [cited nov available from: http://hackingdistributed.com/// /analysis-of-the-dao-exploit/. browne 'accidental' bug may have frozen million worth digital coin ether cryptocurrency wallet [internet]. cnbc; [cited nov available from: https://www.cnbc.com////accidental-bug-may-havefrozen--worth-of-ether-on-parity-wallet.html. security alert parity technologies [internet]. parity technologies; [cited nov available from: https://paritytech.io/blog/security-alert.html. solidity/changelog.md [internet]. ethereum; original-date: -t::z. available from: https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/blob/ develop/changelog.md. zeppelin solutions. serpent compiler audit [internet]. zeppelin solutions; [updated jul cited nov available from: https://blog.zeppelin. solutions/serpent-compiler-audit-d. common patterns solidity documentation [internet]. solidity; [cited nov available from: https://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ common-patterns.html. security considerations solidity documentation [internet]; [cited nov available from: https://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ security-considerations.html#security-considerations. flynn bb, huo zhao the impact supply chain integration performance: contingency and configuration approach. journal operations management. ;():-. available from: http://www.sciencedirect.com/ science/article/pii/s. chinosi trombetta bpmn: introduction the standard. computer standards interfaces. ;():-. available from: http://www. sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/s. harmon wolf bptrends report: business process modeling survey [internet]. bptrends; [cited nov available from: http://www.bptrends. com/reports/process_modeling_survey-dec__final.pdf. viriyasitavat martin the relation workflow and trust characteristics, and requirements service workflows. informatics engineering and information science. ;p. available from: https://link.springer.com/chapter/ ./----_. weber riveret governatori ponomarev mendling untrusted business process monitoring and execution using blockchain. in: international conference business process management. springer; available from: https://link.springer.com/chapter/./----_. liu wang wang modelling and analysis techniques for crossorganizational workflow systems. systems research and behavioral science. ;():-. available from: http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/. /sres./full. fdhila rinderle-ma knuplesch reichert change and compliance collaborative processes. in: services computing (scc), ieee international conference on. ieee; available from: http://ieeexplore.ieee. org/document//. grassi ps. letter credit transactions: the banks' position determining documentary compliance-a comparative evaluation under us, swiss and german law. pace int'l rev. ;:. available from: http://digitalcommons.pace. edu/pilr/vol/iss/. fridgen radszuwill urbach utz cross-organizational workflow management using blockchain technologytowards applicability, auditability, and automation [internet]; available from: https://www.researchgate.net/profile/ nils_urbach/publication/_cross-organizational_workflow_ management_using_blockchain_technology_-_towards_applicability_ auditability_and_automation/links/bfeafdccaeec/crossorganizational-workflow-management-using-blockchain-technologytowards-applicability-auditability-and-automation.pdf. march st, smith gf. design and natural science research information technology. decision support systems. ;():-. available from: http://citeseerx. ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=....&rep=rep&type=pdf. ahmad ibrahim garba enterprise resource planning (erp) systems banking industry: implementations approaches, reasons for failures and how avoid them. journal computer sciences and applications. ;():-. available from: http://pubs.sciepub.com/jcsa////. wailgum famous erp disasters, dustups and disappointments [internet]. cio magazine and idg publishing: new york. ;available from: https://www.cio.com/article//enterprise-resourceplanning/enterprise-resource-planning--famous-erp-disastersdustups-and-disappointments.html. rimba tran ab, weber staples ponomarev comparing blockchain and cloud services for business process execution. in: ieee international conference software architecture (icsa), ieee; available from: http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document//. smart contracts alliance, deloitte. smart contracts: use cases for business and beyond [internet]. blockchainnews; [updated dec, cited nov available from: http://www.the-blockchain.com/docs/smart%contracts%%%use%cases%for%business%and%beyond%-%chamber% of%digital%commerce.pdf. hyperledger. hyperledger/burrow [internet]. github; [cited nov available from: https://github.com/hyperledger/burrow. members [internet]. hyperledger; [cited nov available from: https://www.hyperledger.org/members. borger approaches modeling business processes: critical analysis bpmn, workflow patterns and yawl. software and systems modeling. ;():- available from: https://link.springer.com/article/.%fs--z. international organization for standardization. iso/iec information technology-object management group business process model and notation. ;available from: https://www.iso.org/standard/.html. atlassians marketplace for third-party devs hits over sales [internet]. techcrunch; [cited nov available from: https://techcrunch.com////atlassians-marketplace-for-thirdparty-devs-hits-over-m-in-sales/. envato: the most profitable start-up you haven't heard [internet]. financial review; [cited nov available from: http://www.afr.com/technology/envato-the-most-profitable-startupyou-havent-heard-of--gsxm.html. chargeback fraud [internet]. wikipedia; [cited nov available from: https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=chargeback_fraud& oldid=. kelly floyer vellante miniman big data vendor revenue and market forecast [internet]. wikiban; [cited nov available from: https://articulosit.files.wordpress.com///big-datavendor-revenue-and-market-forecast-.pdf. szabo smart contracts: building blocks for digital markets [internet]. extopy institute; [cited nov available from: http: //www.fon.hum.uva.nl/rob/courses/informationinspeech/cdrom/literature/ lotwinterschool/szabo.best.vwh.net/smart_contracts_.html. tee lacking standards nosql cause vendor lock-in type concerns [internet]. theserverside; [cited nov available from: http://www.theserverside.com/feature/lacking-nosql-standardsmore-dangerous-than-proprietary-vendor-lock-in. salbu mendix completes record extending lead enterprise standard for rapid application development [internet]. mendix; [cited nov available from: https://www.mendix.com/press/mendix-completes-record-extending-lead-enterprise-standard-rapid-application-development/. mendix [internet]. crunchbase; [cited nov available from: https: //www.crunchbase.com/organization/mendix. tibco software inc. (tibx) [internet]. united states securities and exchange commission; [cited nov available from: https://www.sec.gov/ archives/edgar/data///tibxq.htm. baker lb. vista equity buy tibco software for billion [internet]. thomson reuters; [cited nov available from: https: //www.reuters.com/article/us-tibco-software-m-a-vistaequity/vistaequity-to-buy-tibco-software-for---billion-iduskcnhoy.