whitepaper version (..) somputer vision surveillance technology powered fog network miners (c) faceter table contents executive summary faceter's background market overview and trends the video surveillance market competitive environment analysis current problems the field video surveillance faceter's solution system description competitive advantages application areas future development faceter technologies data processing faceter decentralized network personal data protection faceter token use model business model roadmap token sale token distribution scenarios for the use raised funds our team references disclaimer faceter whitepaper executive summary vision mission faceter whitepaper executive summary video surveillance systems are currently the most efficient technical tool ensure public safety the means recording facts and controlling the situation any site. the global increase crime, terrorist attacks and, most especially, public concern about safety are the factors that promote the development the global video surveillance market. according markets&markets, the industry's turnover reached billion the growth rate seemingly unabated, the industry expected reach billion turnover the volume the video surveillance market source: markets&markets cagr the problem something similar most video surveillance systems are little use, and therefore inherently inefficient, since only possible record data via videos, and store video archives. they are therefore backward-looking and dumb that they cannot, and are completely unable react situation when actually happening real time. computer vision technologies are expensive develop and require the additional expense requiring substantial computing resources run. only few very expensive solutions have computer vision and video content analysis implemented part their technology stack. consequence, their technologies are still very early-stage compared the possibilities offered the vast potential neural networks. there are currently products analyze video streams means objects, faces event recognition that are remotely affordable consumers. faceter the first decentralized surveillance system for consumers. faceter makes video surveillance smart, giving brains cameras through enhanced face detection, object detection and real-time video analysis. these features allow cameras understand the situation and respond it, offering much better security all the customers. computer vision technology the blockchain powered decentralized network miners makes the product affordable for all-sized businesses and mass market consumers. the benefit from mining perspective that miners can use the same graphic processing usning (gpu's) that they use mine ether*. faceter's technological core the absolute respect for privacy, and the utilization the features convolutional neural networks split the tasks reinforces this commitment. result, sensitive data always processed completely trusted environment, and all images not subject recovery are passed the decentralized network. this amounts the total amount calculations performed. faceter plans fill this niche offering product with broad functionality and affordable price mass consumers, such small businesses and ordinary people. compared estimated results from mining ether with two nvidia tesla graphics cards (xmh/s). faceter whitepaper faceter's background from idea product faceter whitepaper faceter's background one the project's founders robert pothier came with idea creating faceter after realizing that video surveillance systems, which are supposed ensure security, not actually work. the same time, current crime rates south africa, where robert lives, create strong demand for security systems from large companies, individuals and small businesses. large enterprises can afford buy and maintain expensive modern video surveillance systems powered intelligent software, whereas individual users and small businesses are deprived this opportunity. robert envisaged great potential that would come from creating smart video surveillance product affordable price which anyone could use. thus, the idea faceter was born. the product was based the experience acquired robert and his development team their previous project: pay.cards. open library for the recognition information from bank cards created under the supervision vladimir chernitsky cto. the project has been very successful with the library having been downloaded more than times, and pay.cards technologies have been applied variety commercial areas around the world. vladimir chernitsky supported the idea creating intelligent system for video surveillance and accepted the offer become faceter's co-founder and cto. this role, applies his twenty years' experience creating high-tech software products and his four years' experience research and development neural networks capabilities recognize visual information. professional with international business management experience, robert assumed the role ceo. the project received investments from business angel the amount million. within one year, the project team created the first beta version the product and launched several pilot projects with various companies south africa order test faceter technologies, including industrial enterprise, casino network, network pizzerias, and one the largest banks the country. faceter whitepaper faceter's background faceter's milestones vladimir chernitsky joined the team that was working create solution for scanning bank cards using computer vision. that time, had already been engaged research and development the field computer vision and artificial intelligence (deep learning) for one year. the team tested all marketable products available the market and found out that none the open source libraries available the time made possible create simple and efficient bank card scanner. under the supervision the new cto, the team developed plan create its own product. (q-q) the team launches its first successful product the field computer vision: pay.cards. open source library for ios and android platforms allows users embed bank card scanner into mobile applications. the scanner capable recognizing not only the card number, but also the validity period and the card holder's name. according the test results, the product recognized one the best the market and outperforms such competitors cards.io and apple pay. download the library pay.cards website pay.cards source code github.com (q-q) idea born apply the team's accumulated experience achieve bigger goal: create public security system powered face and object recognition technology. the team starts working the project called "scanface". the team develops and tests variety neural network training algorithms and achieves high accuracy face recognition. these developments form the basis product called scanface (scanface.io). the created algorithms demonstrate high results megaface and lfw tests. the first pilot projects test the product real conditions south africa are launched. representatives these companies are satisfied with the test results and are ready sign contracts use the product for commercial purposes. the team full enthusiasm make face detection and video stream analysis algorithms available mass users. faceter whitepaper faceter's background scanface project has been renamed faceter. the team develops plan create cloud service the basis available technologies which would affordable for regular users and small business. achieve this purpose, the company plans use decentralized distributed computing technologies (fog computing), which allows for significant reduction infrastructure and product costs. the team decides run crowdfunding campaign attract investments order create faceter version for mass consumers. the faceter project team driven its experience working together related projects and the belief that technologies for organizing public and personal security using video surveillance will become more intelligent video stream processed computer vision will cover public spaces developed countries and developing countries, which will help reduce crime rates and facilitate crime detection. faceter advanced intelligent software for videostream analysis and facial recognition for business,government and consumers, developed significantly reduce crime society. robert pothier ceo, so-founder faceter whitepaper market demand for ai-surveillance faceter whitepaper market overview and trends the video surveillance market cctv (closed circuit television) currently the most effective technical security tool that allows its users quickly record any actions. thanks the development computer vision technologies, the capabilities such systems have significantly expanded. over the last five years, the surveillance market volume (hardware, software and services) has demonstrated annual growth and, according markets markets, projected reach billion high crime growth rates, increase the number terrorist attacks, and people's concern over security are the main factors stimulating the development the video surveillance market around the world. size the global video surveillance market from region (in billion u.s. dollars) source: statista, emea apac ex-china china south america north america cagr modern video surveillance software allows devices automatically perform variety tasks automatic mode without human intervention from simple motion detection and counting the number people and cars compiling databases people and vehicle numbers. video surveillance for "smart cities" twenty years ago, people started installing video cameras public places large cities. today indispensable element security systems, both private and public areas. one the components intelligent transport systems and indispensable element smart cities' infrastructure, which one the fastest growing markets. faceter whitepaper market the global smart cities market source: research and markets, july, cagr smart cities, cctv used record violations traffic rules, control the operation municipal services, restrict access closed areas, well parking and toll payment systems high-speed roads. developed countries, there were about cctv cameras per residents large cities. video surveillance systems for small businesses and individual users the number cameras installed private homes, shops, restaurants, gas stations, and offices growing every year and the demand for more advanced solutions. however, modern software for "smart" video surveillance currently not available individuals and small businesses because high costs and lack development focused this particular target audience. according the forecast market research future, the global market home cctv cameras will grow per year from and during this period may reach billion the entire video surveillance systems market. the global home security camera market source: market research future, august, cagr transition ip-based surveillance systems the ihs company completed ten-year study which revealed that around million professional cctv cameras are used around the world. also, analysis was made regarding the types cameras used. the results showed that the installed equipment was represented network cameras, and only equipment used was new digital cctv cameras transmitting high-definition images. all other devices used were analog video cameras. according allied market research, analog cameras, which began installed developed countries about years ago, are now being replaced digital ones powered ip. the market volume such devices projected increase almost per year despite the fact that their cost constantly decreasing. faceter whitepaper market video surveillance and vsaas market forecast source: allied market research cagr ip-based video surveillance technologies have revolutionized the industry offering higher level flexibility and scalability compared older-generation video surveillance systems. cameras allow their users use innovative technologies for video stream analysis. according experts from leading international companies, such accenture, ihs markit, pwc (data-driven city concept) and some others, the demand for intelligent video surveillance systems capable analyzing video streams real-time mode has grown significantly recent years and will continue grow. high demand for face recognition software the latest developments the field machine vision caused video surveillance systems reach new level. technologies powered neural networks and artificial intelligence elements allow their users recognize faces video streams real-time mode. according the forecast allied market research, one the most important factors affecting the global market for facial recognition systems the growing demand for "smart" software for video surveillance systems. top factors impacting the world facial recognition software market source: allied market research faceter whitepaper market rising demand for surveillance systems for enhancing safety and security the major driving factor the market was the increasing demand for advanced security surveillance systems civil and government agencies enhance safety and security. burgeoning data breach cases and brute force attacks have increased the demand for advanced surveillance systems, which turn has increased the demand for facial recognition solutions. increasing application physical security and intelligent signage the significant increase incidence terrorist attacks government organizations and the commercial sector the recent years drives the companies and governments implement robust physical security strategies. moreover, this technology expected witness high adoption intelligent signage application account rising concerns security and use marketing strategies analyze the customers based their age, gender, and other facial attributes. over period, physical security and intelligent signage are expected fuel the demand facial recognition technology. technology advancements such cloud-based services and d-based recognition systems technological advancements are likely reduce the prices facial recognition systems the future. software development kit (sdk) technology has improved the accuracy terms recognizing facial features. therefore, the improved quality products enhances awareness amongst users, which turn expected increase adoption facial recognition biometrics the future. increasing application mobile security and drones increasing demand facial recognition smart devices, such smartphones, laptops, tablets, and personal digital assistants, which are used for both personal and business purposes, presents various growth opportunities for the facial recognition market. moreover, burgeoning number drones various commercial sectors, such media entertainment, inspection, and surveying, contributes the rising demand facial recognition. for instance, per the federation aviation administrator (faa), around drones are expected introduced therefore, these factors are expected provide immense opportunity for the growth facial recognition technology. lack accuracy and high implementation cost facial recognition technology currently, high implementation costs and low accuracy the technology negatively affect the growth the market. costs such maintenance and middleware costs also contribute the implementation cost. however, few manufacturers, such facefirst, inc., have started using efficient algorithms, such pca, fft, improve accuracy and reduce the cost facial recognition technology. therefore, with the development technology, lack accuracy and high implementation cost facial recognition technology are likely reduce their impact during the forecast period. faceter whitepaper market gartner hype cycle curve source: gartner last year, gartner analysts placed face recognition technology the hype cycle curve human-machine interface curve the "into the trough" area, which means decline market expectations. expectations this year, face recognition climbing the slope. this means that within the next years there will upsurge interest from users, which will lead the "plateau" stage the maturity demand and clarity regarding the advantages this type technologies. climbing the slope into the trough time facial recognition global market forecast, usd, source: allied market research cagr the highest potential for applying technology the niche related providing security crowded places. however, current technologies are not capable providing the necessary functionality and performance. application areas features potential notes security market automation checkpoints, enterprise internal security systems high technology requirements are low; the average check moderate. big market players cannot cope with large number small orders. retail marketing needs: selection the most relevant products for customers medium there significant urgency. due high prices, often replaced other authentication methods. technology requirements are low. public security market identifying people crowds and public places high high relevance and high demand, especially law enforcement forces. however, unattainable level technology required. banking systems for employee monitoring and customer recognition banks low the key player vision labs which developed its product taking into account the segment's requirements. also, the company has some large banks among its customers. social networks services for people search photo, face recognition photo and video low low solvency among the population. the key player the ntech company whose experience has not been really successful. faceter whitepaper market competitive environment analysis most the largest technology companies have recently hired least one team which specialises developing solutions the field facial recognition. many companies develop these technologies their own. number acquisitions ai-startups made big players buyer who was purchased startup activity area deal price purchase scope facebook msqrd modifying videos containing faces real-time mode $--m technology+team faciometrics emotion recognition the face n/a n/a face.com face recognition $--m technology+team emotient emotion recognition the face n/a technology+team polar rose face recognition technology+team faceshift creating animated avatars n/a unknown realface face recognition technology+team viewdle face recognition $--m technology+team pittpatt face recognition n/a n/a never vision face recognition photo n/a technology+team snapchat looksery modifying videos containing faces real-time mode technology+team amazon orbeus face recognition photo n/a technology+team stylecaster daily makeover applying makeup photos technology+team kairos imrsv face and emotion recognition $.m technology+team intel itseez developer: opencv (library computer vision algorithms) n/a n/a ibm alchemy natural language processing and face recognition n/a product and community client developers) apple google addition the major market players, there are several dozens start-ups, which have received, according various estimates, from million the form venture investments. most these start-ups focus specific industry and are guided specific requirements customers. the examples include ntechlab, vocord, visionlabs and some others. none these solutions has full functionality for face recognition and video stream analysis. also, products for the mass consumer are completely absent. faceter whitepaper market company activity investments affectiva emotion recognition video $.m betaface media platform using face recognition technologies for searching and monetizing multimedia content. the platform designed for news and entertainment media projects, advertising agencies, content producers, television and radio industry, video and photo archives, etc. n/a face++ computer vision technology the latest generation consisting main blocks (image identification, pattern recognition and analysis). the proprietary sdk allows third-party developers implement the technology their own websites, mobile applications, smart tv, etc. hyperlayer the recognition people's faces the streets real-time mode and the provision their history (criminal, credit, etc.) technology for new-generation mobile devices (glasses, helmets, etc.) n/a identix multi-functional equipment for biometric recognition people (fingerprint, face, palm, retina) protect the public from terrorism, criminal threats and fraud. $.m kairos cloud access recognition algorithms: face recognition api, crowd analytics sdk and emotion analysis api. $.m keylemon face and voice recognition improve the interaction between computers and people. $.m resolutionview tool analyzing time spent employees their computers and comparing that information the number hours reflected report cards monitor employees and minimize lawsuits for "overtime work". n/a shenxing tech chinese startup the field facial recognition and artificial intelligence. tascent development high-precision products and technologies the field biometric recognition. $.m uniqul payment system based face recognition. the system allows its users pay for goods with their "faces" without purse, card mobile phone, which helps drastically reduce transaction time. n/a competitive ecosystem source: based independent research ordered faceter the quarter quality algorithm universality algorithm quality this case determined the results megaface international competition faceter plans position itself the upper right-hand corner offering solution with high quality algorithms for great variety application areas. faceter whitepaper current problems the field video surveillance way market leadership faceter whitepaper current problems the field video surveillance date, the use cctv systems for security purposes has not lived its expectations. such systems are mostly used for the continuous recording and storage video archives. street cameras only record what happens the street. crime committed, all that policeman can watch video, find shot with criminal's face, and send picture poor quality other police offices. for example, while investigating murders, scotland yard detectives used videos recorded cctv. however, this did not help the victims those murders. obviously, such functionality not sufficient ensure high levels security. according numerous studies, the installation cameras significantly reduces the number crimes parking lots (by %); however, city centers and the streets, the situation improves more than some countries, there have been significant changes the criminogenic situation since the introduction cctv, which makes these technologies virtually useless. the potential cctv enormous. due new developments face recognition technology and the use event-based security approach, cctv can become truly effective tool. the highest potential for technology the niche public security crowded locations. what camera could connected intelligent software that able analyze events and automatically turn alarm system and call the police, firefighters ambulance right the time the event? what camera was able recognize offender's face the offender database long before crime committed? what the system could immediately provide investigators with list all public places visited criminal over the last year, including the exact dates and times? such features are not yet available even sophisticated urban systems. the first pilot projects test automatic face recognition technologies public security systems were launched video surveillance systems with such features reaction events, face recognition, comparison against databases, and other advanced features have already begun built into corporate systems. such systems, however, are not scalable and cost lot money. the high cost licenses and prohibitive infrastructure costs make them unaffordable even for medium-sized companies, not mention small businesses and individuals. faceter plans fill this niche offering highly functional product affordable for mass consumers, utilizing all the benefits decentralized computing blockchain. faceter whitepaper faceter's solution what makes awesome faceter whitepaper faceter's solution system description faceter's main component decentralized infrastructure where complex data processing using neural networks performed using the decentralization powers fog computing and blockchain. faceter system that makes smart video surveillance and provides cameras with "eyes" face recognition, object detection and real-time video content analysis. the next stage, all these capabilities will combined into single feature: the ability "understand" the situation and respond accordingly. the low cost such computations makes them affordable for small businesses and mass consumers; they can even used combination with the simplest video cameras connected the internet. faceter's primary features object and facial recognition and resultant behavioral analysis greatly enhances the capabilities video surveillance systems detect potential threats such events smiling customer, focused employee, etc. the technology's algorithm was proven lfw and megaface test, which are the most trusted the industry. convenient applications for any computer mobile device allow users access video surveillance systems from anywhere and without having master complex and slow interfaces. faceter whitepaper faceter's solution fog computing the cost the product significantly reduced involving cryptocurrency miners into decentralized computing network perform recognition calculations with the added benefit offering miners another option utilize their existing equipment. blockchain faceter uses all the nascent opportunities smart contracts deliver flexible and transparent payment options and well proof-ofrecognition mechanisms fog computing network. this the way faceter contributes the growth the crypto-industry. machine learning using neural networks, you can teach faceter react variations certain events. data protection faceter does not process the source video stream outside its trusted environment; only anonymized data transferred decentralized networks. the faceter token the "fuel" decentralized network enabling flexible, transparent, cross-border closed-loop settlement mechanism for all participants. competitive advantages most the video surveillance software available the market uses two parameters: recording time and source. this means that the user can only see what happened certain time each the installed cameras. faceter greatly expands the possibilities working with video. decentralization the utilization leading-edge decentralization technology via fog computing and blockchain, faceter able transform previously fragmented and difficult access industry into technology that all means potential users can leverage too their particular advantage. the involvement multiple mining sources, incredibly attractive rates, makes this opportunity that cannot help but succeed financially, across many different points access. highly accurate facial recognition thanks the high-level facial recognition technology (confirmed lfw and megaface tests), faceter able to: draw card file office workers, family members, restaurant visitors; generate report indicating who and when was filmed cameras; track each case particular person appearing certain place and issue specific records from the archive. faceter whitepaper faceter's solution integration interface faceter can "taught" how respond certain events. for example, the system can send sms parents when their child comes from school and transfer information through the api integrated systems. can smart home management platform that can give the microwave instruction automatically heat food. the next two years, faceter will also able support the protocols several leading smart home platforms and standard api callbacks. when integrated with urban services, faceter can configured perform specific actions, such sending alerts rescue service the event that there are any signs violence crime being prepared. truly smart surveillance future versions, addition detecting and recognizing faces, faceter will also able to: identify emotions facial expression and tone voice; register cries for help aggressive intonations, sounds breaking glass atypical noises; identify objects certain types the camera's scope, including weapons, money, flames determine their characteristics, such color, volume, weight; recognize text and character sequences, such vehicle numbers; "recognize" pets. affordability for the mass consumer the cost computing and storing data one the main expenditure items products powered and neural networks. faceter's technology involves the use distributed decentralized computing powers: fog computing. this approach allows significantly reduce infrastructure costs compared standard public cloud computing (aws, microsoft azure, etc.) proprietary leased data centers, which makes faceter's facial recognition and video stream analysis technologies affordable for the mass consumer. faceter whitepaper faceter's solution application areas faceter has developed product version for corporate and government customers which can used many scenarios, both cloud service and "boxed" solution. the main goal the next stage develop product for mass consumers based decentralized computing powers (so-called "fog computing"). this technology helps reduce infrastructure and computing costs and makes the services more affordable. software designed for households can used apartments, offices, country houses, well family shops and restaurants. payment made based monthly annual subscription. the rates depend the number cameras used and the workload (the number recognized faces per unit time). faceter's solution for individual users: increased security level; affordability; extensive applicability (integration with smart home technologies). software with extended functionality for enterprises can used factories, warehouses, large enterprises, hotels, casinos, shopping centers, banks, restaurant chains, etc. thanks the technology partnership agreements with vendors household, office and industrial equipment and manufacturers sensors and other components for smart devices, well organization and production management systems, faceter will provide the following additional features: security based video surveillance faceter allows users significantly improve the performance their security systems thanks the event analysis approach. this technology allows users detect outsiders the territory enterprises and offices, well monitor the safety objects and identify fire, non-standard noise, etc. personnel management faceter can automatically keep track the time that each employee spends the office and their workplace; automatically recognize visitors and keep log visits; identify cases employees' atypical behavior; recognize facial emotions, tone voice, etc. customer relationship management faceter's analytical algorithms allow users count the number visitors and identify their gender, keep log visits specific clients, note faceter whitepaper faceter's solution any particularities their behavior (for example, their interest certain products), detect queues cash registers and notify responsible personnel accordingly; integration with existing solutions and equipment technological partnership with vendors software and household, office and industrial equipment, including manufacturers sensors and other components related the iot concept. software for municipalities can used analyze video stream the streets and roads, well crowded places, railway stations, airports, and strategic facilities. can also integrated with databases. faceter assumes the possibility recognizing offender's face and running through the entire database archival records reveal the places recently visited such person. the solution provides automated control over compliance with norms and regulations transport and public places, which will increase crime detection rates and ensure higher levels public security. future development after faceter adopted the market, can used maintain white lists variety services; for example, websites where employees can hired some housework. addition ratings and reviews, faceter system can also store links blockchain record containing biometric identification data (vector facial recognition, voice recognition, etc.). the same method can used store the records shop visitors and check the integrity buyers, sellers couriers. all cameras connected faceter are integrated with police and rescue service databases, information about wanted criminals, missing children people trouble can instantly sent through the system find their relatives and places residence. such emergency cases, the police and special services will also able access the system order discover the "prints" people video archives faceter users without compromising confidential information, since the system will only use data for which the camera owner gave their consent. faceter whitepaper faceter's solution the internet called the "nervous system" mankind through which "nerve impulses" are transmitted the form huge amounts digital data, thus forming the collective knowledge. look humanity single system that recreates the functions living organism, blockchain and the collective security approach can perceived one the vital components immune system defending this organism from potential internal and external threats. robert pothier ceo, so-founder faceter whitepaper faceter technologies advanced and deep learning faceter whitepaper faceter technologies data processing the faceter software complex designed the form set modules each which executed different system levels and responsible for individual stages the platform operation. the language components development c++. addition, gpu acceleration actively used. server with computational capacities required for offline solutions whose volume depends the number cameras and the frequency people getting into focus. for the online solution, the user required log faceter's website and add rtsp, http rtmp link video camera. the next stage the product development, cameras will automatically connected onvif interface. stages the face recognition process receiving and decoding video stream from camera; face detection (in case the camera not equipped with built-in face detection technology); face alignment and framing for better recognition; obtaining vector characteristics for each person using deep convolutional neural networks; vector clustering, comparison feature vectors with available databases and their placement the storage system; results output through api. pipeline facial recognition process camera frames webapi faceter whitepaper detected frames aligned faces features comparator features storage face unique feature vector face clustering faceter technologies distribution computational resources stages incoming stream scene frame detected faces aligned faces face features output stream face clustrers/ids stream decoding cpu gpu face detection cpu gpu face alignment cpu gpu facial features extraction cpu gpu encoding output hls stream cpu gpu clustering storage and comparator cpu gpu faceter decentralized network due the rapid growth decentralized services, including blockchain-based services, faceter plans build its own computing network means attracting individual owners gpu resources, well use affordable solutions, such sonm golem, instead expensive cloud services. thus, there will need use the expensive monopolized services amazon, microsoft, google, etc. the use miners' resources other idle computing power can extremely beneficial both for the owners these resources and consumers. even rough comparison the cost renting gpu servers amazon web services the amount compensation paid miners for block calculations demonstrates huge difference. addition, the network complexity adjusted every few months which allows for the reduction miners' rewards, and after new consensus mechanisms are adopted, there will need for gpu computing all. faceter platform operation cameras private zone video hubs miners the fog faceter whitepaper faceter technologies the main participants faceter network are the owners gpu resources (miners). smart contract will concluded with each these nodes. this contract will used accrue compensation for the provision computing capacity. decentralized environment requires special verification the trustworthiness connected nodes. order ensure the quality computations performed, less productive nodes will verifying the performance other nodes and repeating calculations performed. high-performance nodes are supposed fully loaded with tasks, whereas less powerful ones will given just fragments the same tasks. the results the calculations will then compared smart contract, and there are enough confirmations from participants, each them will receive their portion the reward from the formed balance. nodes responsible for the verification receive different hash calculations, this will confirm miner's bad faith and will lead their disconnection and redistribution accumulated reward among new computers. faceter calls this concept "proof-of-recognition". the distribution tasks for the performance and verification work will dealt with special orchestrator nodes (video hubs) which also act video hubs and obfuscators sensitive data. such nodes will located the trusted zone unlike all other nodes working with impersonal data value. personal data protection users video surveillance systems usually connect their cameras cloud platforms. there are dozens such cloud applications the market serving lot people and companies (sometimes millions them): ivideon, camcloud, xmeye, vmeyesuper, etc. all such services have access cctv cameras, but virtually none them have developed clear policy for handling user data; oftentimes, there proper means controlling access data. faceter's modular architecture allows users work with original video stream trusted environments: camera owners' devices, faceter's servers, cameras themselves, possible. only obfuscated (impersonal) data used perform tasks decentralized networks. other words, such data cannot converted the original format with reference the owner. consumer trust our priority. all stages faceter development, are guided the you own your data principle, giving our customers opportunity fully control their personal data. robert pothier ceo, co-founder faceter whitepaper faceter technologies faceter token use model the effective operation decentralized network requires flexible, transparent and transboundary settlement mechanism for all participants. traditional approaches using fiat money are not viable this particular case, since they don't fully meet any these requirements. the solution this problem faceter's own token used basis for making payments between consumers intelligent video surveillance services and network participants. integration the blockchain technology into faceter platform planned executed several stages: stage issue tokens ethereum for free sale and internal economic purposes the project, well for payment remuneration node owners ("miners"). stage development and launch proprietary blockchain and possible token migration. this step supposed solve the problem decentralized task distribution, increase the system's speed, ensure independence from ethereum blockchain and reduce transaction costs within the platform. system functioning model faceter's services can paid for with tokens other payment tools (bank cards, electronic wallets, cryptocurrencies). order ensure the normal functioning the latter, faceter will implement mechanisms for the instantaneous conversion payments tokens. the cost camera maintenance set faceter usd and may revised quarterly basis. faceter's relations with customers and miners are regulated set smart contracts that guarantee transparency and the fulfillment all the terms and conditions. below are the main points relating the settlement process decentralized network and faceter token use: faceter forms pool smart contracts with miners where all the main terms and conditions are stipulated, including leased computing power, remuneration rates, contract duration, etc. faceter pre-transfers tokens miners' smart contracts for the subsequent payment leased services using the system's reserve pool. service users submit applications connect their cctv cameras and make payments using their preferred payment methods. payment made without using face tokens, instant conversion tokens will performed. smart contracts are also created for customers. these smart contracts stipulate the parameters purchased services and are used for receiving payments made tokens. faceter whitepaper faceter technologies customer funds his account with face tokens cover miner rewards. the customer smart contract distributes tokens. the main part tokens returned the system's reserve pool (~%), portion goes faceter (~%) compensation for video obfuscation costs and service support. the transaction identifier obtained through burning access key the service. then broadcast along with all tasks the decentralized network and can verified each participant. the client connects their cameras the service and starts transmitting video stream. faceter carries out decoding and obfuscation all images and passes them miners for in-depth analysis and the selection unique vectors detected objects. obfuscation necessary protect sensitive data. achieve this goal, the features convolutional neural networks are used where, after two convolutions, the image irreversibly distorted and can safely transferred other nodes for subsequent convolutions. the whole process face recognition includes more than convolutions. for each miner, faceter randomly assigns three other miners who perform the validation calculations results (re-processing individual fragments). once day, miners pass hashes processing results smart contract. the same action performed nodes responsible for validation, following which hashes are reconciled. they not coincide, this indicates bad faith one the miners, which case their remuneration automatically frozen thus initiating arbitration procedure. miners independently request payment fees from their smart contract taking into account the escrow period which takes from days. during this period funds are held. the duration the escrow period depends the miner's ranking and may decrease the process work. faceter whitepaper faceter technologies faceter's team also collaborates with other companies developing solutions the field fog computing and provides opportunity connect computing resources from other networks through token swap mechanisms, implemented using smartcontracts. token circulation faceter's system face miner face face customer faceter face license burn faceter whitepaper token holder due the fact that all product sales, monthly subscription license contract, are reflected the blockchain, all information the company's business indicators will publicly available and can verified customers (license information displayed customers' user accounts) and other participants the ecosystem, such node owners that perform image processing. business model smart strategy high profit faceter whitepaper business model faceter's business model includes multiple ways income generation depending the results the crowdfunding campaign (see paragraph below are listed the key mechanisms project monetization. fees for processing video consumers will offered service per month per camera, whereas faceter will deduct its own commission before giving the task miners process the video stream. contracts and sectors large corporations and state enterprises are highly interested such products and are ready enter into long-term contracts with monthly fee for each connected camera. faceter hardware solutions priority given close cooperation with suppliers video surveillance equipment. also planned develop proprietary and co-branded video cameras capable performing primary video stream processing and its obfuscation embedded chips optimized for faceter algorithms. marketing services when the global infrastructure faceter becomes industry standard, camera owners will able use their data global marketing research and get paid with tokens. faceter whitepaper roadmap fulfilling sci-fi predictions faceter whitepaper roadmap the faceter project was launched see page for more info alpha version faceter for released proof-of-concept faceter for mass market (centralized version) token sale building modular architecture and adapting faceter fog computing networks reduce computation costs developing android, ios, apple applications new team members: growing department launching beta version faceter running fog and starting sales the mass market segment developing module for classifying individuals videos augment the event-based model with the following features: sex, age, race, emotions adding "user friendly" option: store video archives decentralized ipfsbased storage providers developing integrated solutions collaboration with hardware vendors new team members: sales and business development specialists partnership agreements with video camera vendors regarding faceter preinstallation launching fully functional decentralized version faceter faceter whitepaper tracking visitors with partially completely hidden faces. recognizing body type features: height, weight, build. vehicle detection and recognition video, including recognition numbers using cameras with sufficient resolution developing technology for detecting different events the cameras' scope: run, fall, fight, unattended items, hazardous situations (flame, smoke, vibration, non-standard noise etc.) token sale great opportunity contribute faceter whitepaper token sale achieve all the goals stated the roadmap with regard the development the faceter product, the team launches crowdfunding campaign based the token sale model. faceter plans issue certain number tokens some which will distributed part the crowdfunding campaign. participants the faceter token sale return for their contributions receive face tokens. the distribution face tokens will subject and governed separate document setting out the terms and conditions the agreement between faceter and each token sale participant. tokens will issued the ethereum platform accordance with the erc standard. token ticker: face quantity: ,,, token price: face eth additional emission not planned. face token used the local instrument payment the faceter platform and key element the business model. token distribution* free sale the reserve pool ensure the operation the system since its launch team bonus (with sale restrictions for years) bounty program advisers remuneration bonuses early stages public token sale planned executed two stages: presale and token sale. presale: (february february tokens sell: face bonus program: determined whitelist position. extra bonus for individual purchases greater than $,. token sale** (february march tokens sell: face bonus program: for early contributors only. percentages are approximate. all tokens that will not sold during the token sale will burned. free token circulation will enable users buy tokens thus gaining access faceter services. faceter whitepaper token sale scenarios for the use raised funds funds received through the crowdfunding campaign will used accordance with the roadmap. the same time, the number features implemented the platform will depend the amount funds raised. the implementation all the declared features will possible the project collects the maximum amount funds (hard cap). faceter should considered r&d project the field the latest (bleeding-edge) technologies. the team confirms the plans declared; however, their implementation depends the results the crowdfunding campaign. the project's business and financial model provides for the proportional demand for the final product with some extra functions. below table with three possible scenarios depending the amount funds collected: minimum financing core features infrastructure recognizing people their faces development decentralized computing architecture adapted sonm, golem, etc sex, age, race and nationality recognition recognizing body type features: height, weight, build recognizing emotions hardware storage video archive mobile apps for ios and android pet recognition medium recognizing people with financing partially completely hidden faces development teachable active event-based security model development proprietary decentralized network open api for integration integration into the equipment provided suppliers video surveillance systems speech and sound recognition identification people terrorist lists maximum detection and classification financing cars, including recognition numbers cameras with sufficient resolution identifying people their profiles social networks development proprietary blockchain global people search system with reward program release proprietary video recorders and cameras integration with suppliers smart home systems solution powered augmented reality technologies for employees security services (hololens version) legal costs the collected funds will distributed follows: r&d and hardware solutions faceter whitepaper outreach, partnerships and integration sg&a other depending the amount funds raised, the distribution costs between r&d and marketing may vary our team professionals, leaders, ai-enthusiasts faceter whitepaper our team team faceter international team with extensive experience research and development the field computer vision and biometrics, well high-tech international business development. robert pothier ceo, co-founder managed and directed operations with years global experience the payment technologies industry. consulted and lead various mobile and kiosk technologies. presented and represented some the largest payment solutions companies the world (pinnacle micro, walletone.com, etc.); e-wallets, gambling, kyc, various banking solutions and scanning technology the united kingdom, spain, italy and several african countries. paul scott business development (cbdo) paul seasoned professional financial markets and emerging-market technologies. has deep-level fintech, insurtech and big data ecosystem knowledge, including utilisation leading-edge technologies that underpin the ecosystem's development. his focus for the last -years has become the inherent benefits blockchain technology and the nascent opportunities this presents for decentralised global economy. jayson gouws solutions and distribution security technology specialist with more than years experience, head faceter distribution team. jayson has completed number large scale projects, such state and city level integrated security solutions. also has extensive experience providing holistic middle scale security technology solutions the following sectors: retail shopping centers and retailers, commercial, industrial, public safety and recreation facilities. jayson has reputable understanding the market and clear vision both global local distribution channels. faceter whitepaper our team vladimir tchernitski cto, co-founder, ml-master has more than years experience software development. before faceter was the head r&d-department international outsource software development company, where started work with convolutional neural networks, more than years ago. the current faceter's team, guidance vladimir, has already developed successful product opensource library pay.cards for banking cards data recognition, which became very popular among mobile application developers worldwide and was downloaded more than times. aleksandr chernov tech lead expert full-stack administration, well front-end and backend programming. professional product design and analytics. worked system analyst and team leader walletone.com, taaasty.com, bananastreet.ru and other projects; took the projects technologically outdated state, restarted them together with the new team, developed new monetization mechanisms, initiated several stages redesign. vitaliy kuzmenko mobile development five years' experience team management and ios development. expert the field ui. works with such programming languages objective-c, swift, php, html, css, and javascript. participated wallet.one, pay.cards, taaasty.com, and siberian. pro projects. anton ivashkevich design eight years' experience the field product design. specialization: adaptive web and mobile interfaces, ios android applications, design, concept development. worked lead designer for projects with multimillion audience (viber wallet), walletone.com, pay.cards, or.ru, taaasty.com, thelocals.ru, catery.ru. faceter whitepaper our team advisors igor karavaev investor relations investor relations advisor blockchain projects, top expert icobench. ex-executive director the skolkovo foundation, the leading russian business incubator hi-tech start-ups. before worked head strategy, investments and business development the largest international corporations. ken huang senior academic advisor well known blockchain expert formerly from huawei ceo and founder: distributed business applications cissp conference commit member acm practitioner board chinese institute electronics: blockchain expert committee member before joining huawei december ken worked for cgi federal office usa for years and served its director cyber security and director cloud security. established cgi federal identity management practice during his time cgi. has consulted the united states federal government, numerous financial institutions and utility companies, providing expertise finance, blockchain and cyber security. faceter whitepaper references dig deep and enjoy faceter whitepaper references team's projects https://faceter.io/ https://pay.cards/ https://pay.cards/pages/sdk.html https://github.com/faceterteam/paycards-ios-framework https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=cards.pay.sample.demo https://itunes.apple.com/app/pay.cards/id?mt= sources https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fog_computing https://journalistsresource.org/studies/government/criminal-justice/surveillance-cameras-and-crime http://library.college.police.uk/docs/what-works/what-works-briefing-effects-ofcctv-.pdf http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine- http://megaface.cs.washington.edu/ http://vis-www.cs.umass.edu/lfw/ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/market-reports/video-surveillance-market-. html https://www.statista.com/statistics//video-surveillance-market-size-worldwide-by-region/ https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/ip-video-surveillance-vsaas-market https://www.accenture.com/tt__w__/us-en/_acnmedia/accenture/ conversion-assets/dotcom/documents/global/pdf/technology_/accenture-video-analytics-operational-marketing-and-security-insights-from-cctv.pdf https://technology.ihs.com/api/binary/ https://www.slideshare.net/filipppaster/pwc-data-driven-cities- https://journalistsresource.org/studies/government/criminal-justice/surveillance-cameras-and-crime https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/facial-recognition-market?facial-recognition-market https://www.gartner.com/doc//hype-cycle-humanmachine-interface-&sa=d&u st=&usg=afqjcnhkhffydxbyosuofrpugaww https://www.gartner.com/doc/?ref%dunauthreader%srcid%d- &sa=d&ust=&usg=afqjcnfflafnsibqnxvxsvsflrrnaoeq http://hospitalitytechnology.edgl.com/news/facial-recognition-market-expected-toreach-$--billion-worldwide-by- https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/home-security-camera-market- faceter whitepaper disclaimer important notice faceter whitepaper disclaimer important notice please read this notice very carefully. you are doubt the action you should take relation this document, please consult your legal, commercial, financial, tax other professional advisors. this whitepaper summary faceter business model, technology, and introduction faceter token sale features and targets. faceter will conduct its token sale raise funds for development and commercialization the products and services described this whitepaper. descriptive nature only information contained this whitepaper descriptive nature and not binding. this whitepaper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been obtained from internal publicly available surveys, reports and publications. such sources are believed reliable, but faceter provides assurance guarantee the accuracy completeness such information and forecasts. the faceter token sale involves and relates the development and use bleedingedge and experimental technologies that may not turn out expected brought completion specified this whitepaper. regulatory measures, investigations actions may impact faceter products and services and limit prevent them from being developed implemented. the faceter business model may change due new regulatory and compliance requirements from any applicable laws any jurisdiction. forward-looking statements all matters discussed this whitepaper about future performance faceter, its products, services, tokens and token sale event, including, without limitation, future revenues, earnings, strategies, prospects, consequences and all other statements that are not purely historical constitute "forward-looking statements". such forwardlooking statements are subject risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results differ materially from those anticipated. when used herein, the words "anticipate," "intend," "estimate," "believe," "expect," "plan," "should," "hypothetical," "approximately", "potential," "forecast," "project," "aim", "target", "could", "if", "may", "possible", "probable", "would", "will", variations such words and similar expressions symbols are intended identify forward-looking statements. all the forward-looking statements made this whitepaper are qualified these cautionary statements and faceter can make assurance that the results developments faceter will realized even realized, will have the expected consequences. all participants token sale are cautioned not place undue reliance these forward-looking statements making decision participate the token sale. representation, warranty, undertaking, promise, guarantee given respect the forward-looking statements. faceter whitepaper disclaimer not designed intended securities investment assets face tokens not represent equity, shares, royalties rights capital, dividends, interest, profit income the entity that issues tokens any other entity any jurisdiction. face tokens are not designed intended perform have particular value outside the faceter ecosystem. face tokens shall not used purchased for speculative investment purposes. not offer solicitation faceter does not offer any securities assets for investment purposes. this whitepaper not intended financial services offering document prospectus any kind. this whitepaper not solicitation for investment and does not pertain any way offering securities, shares, options futures any jurisdiction. description the functionality faceter products and services and the utilization the face tokens within the faceter ecosystem. not agreement the faceter token sale and distribution face tokens each contributor will subject and governed the terms and conditions faceter token sale, which separate document setting out the terms and conditions the agreement between faceter and the contributor relation its subject matter. the event any inconsistencies between the t&cs and this whitepaper, the t&cs shall prevail. not recommendation advice the use any data information about faceter products, services and the face token sale provided faceter this whitepaper does not and cannot guarantee that contributors will make profits will not incur losses. such data and information intended merely for informational purposes. this whitepaper does not include contain any information indication that might used the ground for any decision participate the faceter token sale. this whitepaper and any data information herein shall not construed and not intended supply professional, business, legal, tax, investment financial advice. faceter offers advice regarding the nature, potential value suitability the face tokens the token sale event. knowledge required; risks decisions participate the token sale involve high risk and have based the advice qualified financial professionals. faceter whitepaper disclaimer otherwise, all participants the token sale must use their own judgment and consider carefully whether information and data contained this whitepaper suitable for them light their personal financial conditions and ability bear financial risks. the token sale discussed this whitepaper has not been reviewed any regulatory authority and such action planned taken under the laws regulations any jurisdiction. restricted territories the face tokens are not offered the united states citizens and residents. they are not allowed participate the token sale and purchase face tokens. participation token sale may restricted residents other countries and territories. all participants shall make sure they act conformity with the applicable laws, and they have found and learned the position the regulatory authority their jurisdiction. limitation liability you alone assume sole responsibility for any decisions you make based the information contained this whitepaper and/or the use such information. under circumstances shall faceter, its founders, team members and any third party involved faceter projects liable for any loss damage you anyone else incurs result any activity that you anyone else engages based any information you receive from this whitepaper result the use the whitepaper, including, but not limited the incapacity use face tokens. disclaimer warranties all information this whitepaper provided "as is" without warranty any kind. faceter makes representations and disclaims all express, implied, and statutory warranties any kind you and/or any third party, including warranties accuracy, timeliness, completeness, fitness for any particular purpose. faceter whitepaper faceter.io somputer vision surveillance technology powered fog network miners (c) faceter