faircoin white paper draft june, thomas konig and enric duran tom@fair-coin.org, enric@fair-coin.org document version code development: https://github.com/faircointeam/faircoin faircoin the monetary base system for faircoop the earth cooperative for fair economy (see https://fair.coop). faircoop develop tools and transfer knowledge that enable everybody participate fair global economy. faircoin plays central role within the faircoop ecosystem and constantly being developed further our values. version the faircoin wallet software which was used from until relied mining and minting technology secure the block chain. our objection that neither mining nor minting can truly considered fair, because both confer advantage the already rich. therefore decided create new version faircoin which corrects these issues. with faircoin version create block chain-based software that fair, secure, resources-saving and decentralised. based cooperation and not competition, which creates better efficiency. the code-base the bitcoin core client version served the starting point. this enables benefit from the latest developments made the dedicated bitcoin developers. furthermore, the comprehensive infrastructure that already exists around bitcoin can adopted for faircoin with minimal effort. overview when refer faircoin this document refer version not otherwise stated contrast other cryptocurrencies faircoin does not implement any mining minting functionality, which are both competitive systems. block generation instead performed socalled certified validation nodes (in short cvn). these nodes cooperate secure the network. therefore call this system proof-of-cooperation (poc). run cvn one needs complete certification procedure which called node certification procedure that operated faircoop (https://fair.coop/node-certification-procedure/). the requirements operate such node are described chapter please note that the definition the certification procedure not covered here but separate document. there reward for block creation. therefore, the money supply not changed creating blocks. the mandatory transaction fees the respective block creators compensate their efforts for running cvn. cvns can added removed from the network dynamically. this way misbehaving cvn identified can quickly removed, and new supporters can easily added. cvn information stored the block chain. more information about how information can stored the faircoin block chain can found chapter certain chain parameters, e.g. the time between blocks, the amount the transaction fee, etc. are dynamically adjustable without the need releasing new wallet version. these dynamic chain parameters are stored the block chain. the faircoin block chain administrators take the task managing these parameters, accordance with decisions from the faircoop assembly. information about the faircoin block chain administrators are also stored the block chain. proof-of-cooperation (poc) what poc poc consensus algorithm which required the network crypto currency. every node such network must obey the same set rules maintain the networks integrity. all connected clients have the same data available verify the state the network. the case faircoin limited number trusted nodes (cvns) collaborate create the faircoin block chain. they this completing the following tasks: examining the past blocks they determine what cvn should create the next block and publish their conclusion the network. they verify the validity and integrity the last block, its transactions and was indeed the respective cvns turn. the resulting information from point and are digitally signed and sent all other nodes. these signatures are collected the cvn that creates the next block. they are the actual consensus proof and thus the proof cooperation all the cvns. this bundle signatures stored the block chain together with the new block, which only valid contains enough signatures according the algorithm. when the new block completely built singed the creating cvn and sent the network. how does work mentioned above every cvn takes part this ongoing consensus process signing pieces data confirm its approval. let's put ourselves into the shoes cvn and accompany for blocks. start the moment where we've just received new block from some other cvn. verify the overall block validity and integrity and its transactions and other payloads. everything fine start searching backwards through the chain find out which cvn has created its last block the furthest the past. once we've identified that node, check was recently actively collaborating the network trying find the signatures that node the last couple blocks. the node was active, then will chosen the next block creator. now that know who should create the next block have everything together start collaborating. this signing specific piece information which contains the following: the hash the last block that checked approve that agree that parent block the the cvn who should create the next block and finally our own cvn confirm that signed the information send our signature out the network, everybody knows our opinion about how the chain should continue. well, good job far. let's check now already time create the next block. for this purpose look the current block spacing the dynamic chain parameters data. see, it's minutes. have wait until this time has past. the meantime are busy collecting all the signatures the other cvns. ok, block spacing time over, check again which cvn should proceed. and happens our turn, great! but before need check have least the number signatures the last block. suppose the last block had and received some cvn just came back online, awesome! have more than enough. create new, fresh block containing all the pending transactions. the signatures collected earlier that approve that are the next the line also into the block. the more matching signatures have the more likely our block will accepted the network. usually should get all the signatures but there was network outage we'd missing some. after the new block has passed all consensus checks send out all other nodes. that's it! helped advance the faircoin block chain. certified validation nodes (cvn) the aim the cvns secure the network validating all the transactions that had been sent the network and put them into transaction block chain. blocks are created every minutes sec.). transactions are confirmed after they have been added block. cvn standard faircoin core client configured with additional information namely certification data issued faircoop which "upgrades" cvn. every node will assigned unique id. requirements for running cvn: every entity running cvn must agree upon the following technical requirements and must carry the responsibility fulfil these rules. the system must connected the internet all the time (/) and the tcp port must reachable all remote nodes from the internet. the system must use public ntp server synchronize its system time to, e.g. pool.ntp.org ensure that the system time always correct. the wallet software must configured with certification data issued faircoop. smart card and appropriate reader, which will provided the faircoin development team. further requirements might defined after public discussion. but this will subject the ncp document. smart card support achieve maximum security for the faircoin network the private keys the cvns that are required create and sign blocks are stored smart cards. these keys are created directly the card, cannot retrieved and are also secured number pin. after invalid tries the card locked and must returned the faircoin development team. when entity approved become cvn will receive pre-configured card/reader set from the faircoin development team. economic role faircoin more unfair money creation. faircoin will not create new coins. certified nodes will not need create new coins order provide security transactions. instead, faircoin will help create the conditions for existing coins redistributed amazing social projects worldwide, thanks funds like global south fund, commons fund, technological infrastructure fund and refugees fund. fixing the supply, faircoin becomes stronger the level store value for the solidarity economy and the cooperative initiatives. through the faircoin block chain besides being currency itself faircoin will perfectly adapted platform used social currencies worldwide with obligation abandon their own principles. the contrary, they will find environment synergies all levels, which will allow them advance their goals more rapidly making use technology, which will facilitate its daily use and its interoperability with other currencies and payment systems. this, turn, will form part growing plural ecosystem consisting number currencies and cooperative initiatives, eventually becoming capable challenging the incumbent system. therefore, the faircoin block chain will the closest thing block chain for the common good, and can make possible working together. block chain management manage the block chain there are chain administrators who sign new instruction data for the block chain. these administrators act spokesperson for the faircoop assembly and are publicly appointed. for new instructions accepted the network these instructions must signed defined number representatives. this number dynamic and stored the block chain and can changed decided the assembly. the spokespersons are obliged perform just what the assembly decides. spokesperson does not collaborate described will removed from the list administrators and substitute will appointed the faircoop assembly. note, that single administrator has special power. all can sign the decision made the assembly refuse so. payload faircoin blocks can hold different types payload. they all serve certain purpose. most other crypto currencies only know one payload type: transactions. the following types payload can integrated into block. transactions cvn information data dynamic block chain parameters block chain administrators coin supply instruction data adding and removing cvns add remove cvns and chain administrators update the dynamic chain parameters least the currently defined minimum number chain administrators have sign the corresponding command which then injected into the network via the wallets rpc interface. the coin supply the coin supply fixed and cannot increased faircoin. but faircoin forked create new coin based the faircoin source code there feature increase the coin supply. please note that this feature not used faircoin. disabled compile time default. the next paragraph applies forks faircoin only: decided increase the coin supply all the chain administrators have sign the coin supply instruction data which then injected into the network via the wallets rpc interface. this data instructs the cvn which creates the next block include second output the coinbase transaction with the specified amount coins the defined address. coins can also burned creating op_return transaction. outlook far have implemented important innovations faircoin, but won't stop here. have analysed the requirements for currency for fair economy and have identified important features that will implemented the near future. micro payments the high efficiency the faircoin network, trusted node relations, low energy cost and consequently low fees, will make faircoin the best currency for micro payments which are very important for many needs like the gift economy and use poor countries. distributed sub chains and multi-currency ecosystem this proposed system enables everybody create separate chain that roots the faircoin main chain and runs alongside it. drive new chain selected number cvns can take part any number chains. plug-in architecture provides way create chains with new properties. e.g. chain can implement local currency based local network nodes the same region city, thematic currency based the same principles.