whitepaper "in the future, there will various circles, and everyone lives their own circle. this should have been obvious entertainment industry. when talk about the star-making, first, there shall accurate fans clustering social media, then they expose their affection the mass media. this ecosystem, stars and fans reached direct communication." xiaobo "the definition news has been changed from institutional privilege component such ecosystem information dissemination that accommodates all kinds formal organizations, informal groups, and individuals." clay shirky contents part design concept........................................................................................................... values.................................................................................................................................... vision...................................................................................................................................... mission................................................................................................................................... part ii. challenges the industry and solutions.......................................... challenges the industry................................................................................... problem statement...................................................................................................... solution: fanstime new ecosystems the fan economy based blockchain....................................................................................................................... what are smart contracts?.................................................................................. how does fanstime aim solve the problems the entertainment industry using the blockchain technology?........ the ecosystem............................................................................................................... part iii. fanstime implementation logic.................................................................... individual value system....................................................................................... fanstime chain................................................................................................................ fti token............................................................................................................................. technical architecture........................................................................................... global conten distribution system copyright identification system................................................................................................................................. international crowfunding platform for individual ip..................... global membership rewards system individual ip............................ diversified participants the fanstime ecosystem contruction .............................................................................................................................. part iv. interpretation individual value system application........ application: time exchange.................................................................................... application: fans rights mall............................................................................... application: exclusive token exchange........................................................ part fanstime implementation roadmap............................................................ establishment individual value system and improvement fanstime infrastructure....................................................................................... global entertainment content distribution and copyright verification system.................................................................................................... establishment the global individual crowd funding platform............................................................................................................................ establishment individual global membership token system evolvement the autonomous ecosystem.............................................. part vi. fanstime governance structure.............................................................. fanstime foundation profile................................................................................ fanstime foundation governance structure.......................................... part vii. establishment and maintenance fanstime community....... establishment community................................................................................ community construction and expansion...................................................... community maintenance.......................................................................................... part viii. issuance and allocation fti................................................................ circulation and exchange planning................................................................ exchange modes available...................................................................................... special statement........................................................................................................ part ix. management team................................................................................................ part consulting team.................................................................................................... part xi. strategic partners investors ...................................................... part xii. contact..................................................................................................................... appendix summary fanstime product and technology updating ......................................................................................................................................... disclaimer this document created for information purposes solely, and should not seen document financial, economic, investment, taxation advice any other kinds advice. the information here was thoroughly researched, but there may oversight. necessary consult independent financial advisor before participating. the fti token any other token should not seen investment stock share. having the token doesn't give you right any income from fanstime foundation our affiliates. the document should not seen call for offering stocks, shares any securities all. the fti token utilitarian token native token the fanstime blockchain, and may not used outside the platform. are not charge ensuring the worth the tokens increase. will leave that the forces demand and supply. once you purchase the tokens, fanstime its affiliate not under compulsion return your funds you, neither are under compulsion convert your tokens fiat currencies other cryptocurrencies. having the token doesn't give you the right ownership fanstime its associates. there are numerous risks that come with using fanstime. technological risk every day, new technologies keep coming out the blockchain technology. since still new area, lot has been yet uncovered. fanstime shall not held responsible for the outcomes such. jurisdiction risk not every country friendly cryptocurrencies. some have banned the virtual currency. necessary research your country falls into such countries. yes, please not buy fanstime tokens. fanstime shall not held responsible for the outcomes. legal risks the legislation different countries different many aspects. some countries are welcoming cryptocurrencies, while others are not. fanstime will not share the profiles transaction records with unauthorized persons, but your country's regulation contradicts this, will have other option but follow the rules your country. necessary read all the legal structures and rules concerning cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology. though fanstime invested ensuring that the platform works and our users benefit from our innumerable features, fanstime shall not held responsible for any outcome consequence participating. when you purchase the tokens participate fanstime, you agree that fanstime will not held responsible for any outcome risks that may come. abstract there global misfortune the entertainment world about the vices and shortcomings perpetuated the entertainment industry. this has turned the once glorious, most adored industry into ruins instilling fear the minds both the fanbase and the celebrities. there downward slope the way things are being run. the introduction the blockchain technology the affairs humanity has brought about change the way things work and worked. the blockchain technology has brought about decentralization once centralized world, eliminating the middleman and its role bringing ruins. the technology has been employed various sectors like the finance sector, agricultural sector, aviation sector, and many other sectors and testimonies abound towards the revolution the technology brought these sectors. the entertainment industry ready face its fears redeem its position the sight humanity employing the use the blockchain technology. aims solve issues like centralization, data piracy and privacy breach, inaccessibility, theft, and insecurity, etc. this whitepaper maps out the challenges the industry faces, how these challenges are dealt with and the benefits has for both the stars and their fans. introduction traditionally, before acquiring wealth and stardom, stars make great investment assets first. singers are qualified sing public after lyrics compilation, composition, image design planning, record planning, concert production and other processes, and are realized through works and performances. actors can have their masterpiece after the combination filming, directing, screenwriting, lighting, choreography, props, costumes, make-up, marketing, and broadcasting, and then are realized through copyright sales and commercial implantation. stars help shape the product brand goods through the endorsement and commercial presence, then obtain corresponding commercial returns. due the dependence capital and resource, the access stars controlled the "company" and "platform", and the intermediate links are exploited layer upon layer. today, star studios establishment and personal branding has become trend, trying skip the intermediary links for direct realization through the fans. there already foundation available both the awareness and the industry level, but there universal solution for implementation. the birth blockchain technology manifests the hope liberating individual values. the internet era, e-commerce has subverted the traditional production and sales mode, and has spawned alibaba and other commodity economy giants that take efficient and standardized transfer products their values. the era blockchain, believe that its reorganization product transfer mode will drive create production and consumption cluster for the personalized products with individual labels. traditional media forms and the right speech have been monopolized, the flow information subject the demands mainstream ideology. even the internet has not changed this situation: star the star trained the minority, brand the brand defined the minority, and the trend the trend led the minority. the era blockchain, reconstruct the interpersonal connection, and the connection between people and information; that everyone can choose unique lifestyle, and each person can directly linked their own fans. the new blueprint, every individual equal and free with transparent information and intelligent transfer. every personality has its own fans; each kind affection has room released. additionally, each "person" and can freely communicate with his fans, with smooth channel value realization. part design concept values fanstime believes the realization "individual" value human being important driving force behind human civilization. stand the basic values openness, freedom, and enterprising spirits. the world will get better only when individuals get their potentials fulfilled. vision fanstime wants "individual" talents and potentials human being cherished and the personalized development the individual ips distinctive ways, constant evolvement, iteration and upgrading within independent and autonomous positive ecosystem; want "individual" voices human being cherished and mutual respect among subcultures and mainstream cultures, popular and traditional cultures well grassroot and elite cultures; ultimately, want "each and every individual" cherished, free from man-made shackling "intermediaries" technology, capital authority. mission fanstime committed building new decentralized community where everyone could star and/or fan, discover, explore, foster, and respond the values the individual ips. part ii. challenges the industry and solutions challenges the industry data sharing streaming platforms, well social networks make lot money yearly from streaming the works others, while many social networks earn from selling big data advertising firms, and other firms that utilize such data. spotify may have been created combat data piracy, its act exploiting those sharing files its platform has negated whatever intention that had made start. spotify has over million users, constantly streaming files. last year, spotify had its, based the sec filing, annual revenue billion. from the huge amount that spotify earns, spotify pays meagre artistes. the first quarter facebook made profit billion dollars from solely from advertising. this ignoring the other means revenue flows into facebook, yet users are not rewarded. users still have their data stolen. yearly, lot data records are stolen. the breach level index believed that about five million data records get stolen daily. data worth lot and can sold black markets for millions dollars. the data theft seen big brands, and individuals alike. data can stolen from anyone. bug brands luke verizon, equifax and kmart lost undisclosed amount data. the average price for every data stolen about cases data theft will continue increase because the underlying security infrastructure for many firms are hackable. this means that better system should created- the blockchain. lot lost data piracy yearly, and this has negatively affected those who were involved the creation that data. the statistics are staggering. this shows that the effort and money spent into creating creative work lost piracy. when napster was created the sales music dropped close billion from billion. this means that the reduced income came from data piracy. lot sites illegally carry the works others, without paying the owners. for five years within more than billion songs were downloaded illegally through data sharing sites. npd stated that, only about music procured consumers living the u.s was paid for legally. the frontier economics year ago stated that about billion worth music used consumers are pirated the u.s. the blockchain technology fanstime can long way cutting both data theft and data piracy. these findings imply that there gap fill and that where the fanstime come in. problem statement ,the global pan-entertainment industry contributed gross output more than billion, among others the movie box office market exceeded billion (china and the united states together accounted for %); top performing events earned overus billion; the size the series market exceeded billion. the global ecommerce market with size trillion, the economic benefits driven the internet celebrities exceeded billion. the above-mentioned economic figures are inseparable from the driving force various "fan" consumers. broad sense, the new economic pattern driven the "fan" consumption the panentertainment industry often termed "fan economy", involving all the individual iprelated segments within the major industries, i.e. publishing, film, animation and comic, games, music, performance, and sports. this shows the indispensable role the fanbase the entertainment industry. revolving world, expected that growth and development suffice every point time meet one need the other. there has been lot issues plaguing the entertainment industry despite the revenue generated from it. the big players the entertainment industry benefit from the problems that plague this same industry leaving the other players and the fans disadvantaged. every individual idolizes better still loves one star (celebrity) the other either because their charisma, their work for some other reasons. most times, quite inaccessible for these individuals (fans) get touch with their favorite celebrities know what exactly happening. the best they get are speculations, true false, from the press. also, these fans give lot ensure their favorite stars are afloat, but they get little nothing return. they rarely have access important events like personal meeting the star backstage passes. this implies that there the need for blockchain technology that will remove the large valley separating celebrities from their fans. there should token created for stars, available for their fans buy, and procure items customized the stars get access elite events thrown the stars. many stars groan under the pressure their management companies. was not surprising when michael jackson, while alive had maligned sony for destroying stars. many management companies are created solely exploit the stars signed under them. lot stars know this but can nothing about it. the world changing. lot aspects our lives are becoming automated. why can't there automated system, where stars can easily manage themselves with smart contract technology? definitely removes the need for third parties intermediaries who eat deep into their income and exploit them. with the blockchain technology smart contract, event planner, who needs star perform his event can easily enter into contract with the star. the star gets paid, and the event planner gets the star his event. simple and straightforward chain rather than the ambiguous process faced the present day. brand that wants endorse star does not have through the long bureaucracy chain before the endorsement can done. the brand brings its conditions, create contract and upload them into the contract. the star agrees the contract, assents. the smart contract technology will ensure every condition the contract are met before payment made. away from stars, data privacy violation major problem almost every human who has digital fingerprint. many apps and firms are created pilfer the data their users and sell them off the highest bidder. data more expensive than gold, lot companies need data ensure they sell more their clients and make more profits. case data privacy violation was the one done facebook. have you ever refused give facebook permission through your phone contacts, and suddenly, you start seeing suggestions those your contacts 'people you may know'? the data privacy violation glaring. have you ever searched out item browser not allegedly synchronized social network, and you log onto the social network see brands supplying the product you searched on, showing hour social media account? that's how the world now. nothing you have your phone safe, not even your private items. not only your privacy violated, you earn nothing from your data being sold. only those who own the big networks benefit from your data and information being stolen. this means that someone can easily steal your work and pass off yours, especially when you don't have copyright the work. this case always repeats itself and usually between large brand and individual. the large brand always the one stealing the ideas individuals and refusing pay for them. big example can seen the movie, 'the transformers'. earlier this year, artist was loggerheads with management company because the management company stole her artwork, removed her watermark, and passed off theirs. when she confronted them, instead apologizing and offering compensation, they treated her like piece trash. this what lot creative humans face daily. the blockchain technology can easily provide proof who owns the technology. how can you verify the true owner idea artwork, since many people may lay claim it, especially not copyrighted? payment systems are usually fraught with numerous problems. their users not squeeze their faces the high charges they have pay, they must annoyed the long delay that ensues when payments must done across boundaries countries. going down the lane finance, has been noticed that lot entrepreneurs with smart ideas are incapable fueling their dreams and turning them into fruits because lack funds. facebook has come under fire lot from different bodies for their violation their users' privacy. every phone that has the facebook app have had the data and information collected, analysed and sold third parties that pay millions for the analysed data. facebook was earlier maligned for its involvement the cambridge analytica crisis. facebook was also sued three users because its app copied their call logs and saved their server. all these are done bid increase profit. that's not all. many the apps created are designed mine for cryptocurrencies. some may ask for your permission. others would mine without permission. using only your phone will not provide the energy mine, but when millions humans have the app their phones, mining possible. this has led some phones' cpu damaging and the phone battery draining one the greatest thing that has happened the entertainment industry the introduction spotify, online application through which data piracy dealt with, freeing musicians from the shackles piracy. although, spotify may claim that they steam songs, and protect the rights song owners worldwide, but, that not true. spotify may brand reckon with, but they are known cut corners earn more profit. example its illegal activities cutting corners could seen when the ministry sound sued them court. the ministry sound dance company that creates dancehall music, and other genres music that their listeners can dance to. with the songs, they create videos, showing new dance styles. the ministry sound also event company that throws parties major cities the world. they have diversified into the night club business. many spotify users were caught recreating the compilations the ministry sound, without permission. they did not only copy the playlist, they went ahead use the mos artwork, and name. mos sued spotify when they refused delete the playlists. though, they may have settled their differences without long court cases, spotify has still refused delete the playlists. spotify only agreed remove them from their search engines and disable the follow button. many data sharing platforms are like spotify. that why fanstime was created. problems well-explained centralization the traditional market structures, the irreversible trend the advantaged players constantly getting accumulated advantages, also known the matthew effect, results the monopoly superior resources major platforms and corporate players, who can therefore manipulate the public attention and seize value and earnings correspondingly. the bargaining negotiations among magnates will determine the overall layout the industry while the popularity, network flow, sales turnover and public visibility the individual ips will determined the online marketers' insight, access resources and their profit-sharing arrangement with the channel partners. well-funded producers can assemble the best cast, best crew and best promotional channels the industry and advantaged negotiations with channel partners for securing higher visibility and easier access more users, they are therefore more likely earn more profits. the channel partners have accurate understandings data performance each spot and they would, based the platform rating preferences and profit margins, work out for which product, whom what brand the resources shall deployed, even customize the contents, persona, brands accordingly line with the data secure the maximum profits. for now, the game between the product suppliers and traffic providers, the flow channel got the profit which should belong the real value creators and traffic providers. because the different player involved backstage, there seems lot exploitation these stars with the fans bearing the grunt. the rise stardom high with most willing exploited just climb the ladder. effect, the fans get pay the price out their love for these artists. under false pretense, appears, the star the one profiting whereas, most the funds goes the agencies and other big players involved. centralization also leads third party interference, non-compliance agreement, etc. flood lies under the context the internet, the information being transmitted exponential level terms both the speed and volume, the marketing approaches are getting increasingly impetuous and aggressive with common occurrence abusing the portraits stars celebrities marketing agents and swindlers misrepresenting the stars celebrities for illegal gains. for instance, platform once falsely claimed having well-known star its brand spokesperson reckless marketing drive. later, the platform fell into funding crisis and its founder escaped, the platform users turned instead the "spokesperson" for compensation. this star, however, replied he/she was victim the portrait rights infringement and had not ever been paid for any platform. celebrities are frequently subject infringement reputation and portrait rights which are difficult ascertain track down. the internet world suffused with lies like this, damaging the interests both the stars and fans and extremely restricting the healthy development the fan economy. exploitation agencies nowadays, many resource brokers acting the connection points among people have grabbed the benefits instead creating the real value through information asymmetry. they often charge very high agent fees with back-to-back contracts and come out the biggest beneficiary. big data and have become the standards the mainstream platforms, but the centralized platforms mainly seek the maximum commercial interests for the platform owners and making profits through brokers. the traditional stars and celebrities, without media under their own control, have choice but cash personal values through the platforms and brokers. locked the brokers' exploitation, both the interests the stars and those the fans have been infringed. spotify pays artist, unsigned one, paltry cents. this means that make minimum wage, the music most downloaded about times every month. why can't platform like netflix created for music? this case, the music cannot streamed until the album has been sold. restricted channels for cash-in both the traditional industries and traditional internet are centralized and most segments are dominated handful magnates. for stars, they need brokers platforms provide the funding, product planning and opportunities they can get touch with the fans, provide them with values and exchange values with them. for fans, they must back and forth over different apps only hear songs idols, shuttle across multiple websites and adapt diversified membership systems only watch dramas starred their idols and moreover they must register accounts different platforms compare prices and purchase products concerning their idols. stars individuals could weak because the expensive marketing and lack kick-off funding. they must reply the packaging team, corporate resources, and data traffic the platforms. stars have follow the unspoken rules all the way through their career: retaliatory harvesting the overnight sensation, entertainment stars breaking off agreement after rising fame, artists getting abandoned after offending tycoons..."stars" the core products the entertainment industry are often placed disadvantage which would deprive "stars" impetus produce quality ips and then fans quality experience, finally resulting multi-lose situation. expensive nature payment solutions available for lot humans, paying bills receiving funds through the available payment system frustrating because lot these traditional payment systems take lot time process payments, especially when transnational. users these systems are billed with expensive charges that cut deep into the profits funds they are receiving sending. paypal, for examples, takes about the funds you are receiving you are merchant, plus thirty cents for every transaction. this means that merchant your profit the transaction you have lost your profit. inaccessibility there huge gap between the fans and the stars. this not good one the actual sense, these stars became stars because the wide popularity among the fans, that is, the fans made them. the way being operated, the fans cannot access their role models without having pay huge some for it. solution: fanstime new ecosystems the fan economy based blockchain these problems are whole lot work doubt and not attended to, there might further decline the entertainment industry. this the role fanstime has come play. fanstime built the ethereum blockchain technology and plays major role solving the issues plaguing the industry. this technology has been employed major industries across the globe and has yielded positive results bringing stability, restoring the glory such industry. the goal fanstime create platform, decentralized one whereby stars and fans can relate better without any form interference, yet very affordable way. the major feature the ethereum blockchain the smart contract and without doubt, this feature going employed solve the problems facing the entertainment world. what are smart contracts? the smart contract just like contract, agreement that lists out the distinct roles two parties are play achieving defined task objective. this time around, the smart contract more than the normal contract extends towards being automatic one. for example, user wants wants make exchange with user user creates contract with the instruction that send ifs user user comes online pm. this instruction would automatically carried out even user goes offline that moment. the smart contract designed execute instruction itself without the interference influence third party. the contracts can very complicated well. the smart contract responsible for providing the fanstime platform with transparent, verifiable, and secured means executing, storing, and sending instructions. some benefits the smart contract include: decentralization the smart contract provides autonomy and independence, eliminating the presence any middleman. the smart contract provides peer-peer interaction between users. trust and transparency the issue mistrust sorted out with the use the smart contract has everything and every information laid bare for every participant see. user not satisfied with contract, has the ability reject such contract leaving the other participant(s) modify the contract. speed and security the smart contract provides security information. once data information has been uploaded, and the contract has been approved and running, there turning back. such contract cannot deleted without both party consent. long the users have their private keys kept hidden, there possibility fraud. fact, the contract cannot deleted from the blockchain because there usually over duplication data the system. what would happen that the contract would discarded and new one created. how does fanstime aim solve the problems the entertainment industry using the blockchain technology? fanstime aims solve the problem the entertainment industry eradicating the presence the middlemen. here, the middlemen are the agencies, the media and every other institution that tends stand between the star and the fans. fanstime aims take the position these institutions, bringing them all together one. the following are the solutions the fanstime offers: decentralization with the ethereum blockchain technology, monopolization the big players can eradicated. this done giving these stars laid down platform such that there need for record label for musicians, agency whatsoever, giving ever individual equal chance for survival. the fanstime platform would play the managerial role, linking stars with their fans. this way, there allowance for manipulation exploitation. pure talent would the only basis through which public attention and value can get increase. the higher the fan base, the more valuable the star would be. decentralization allows each star manage themselves forcing the real time manager out business for their atrocities. also, the real players are those who are truly good. without the hype, the money, the promotions, and all, how good the star question? the battle for the best would purely based talent, hard work and commitment. more so, profit sharing would not based selfishness any longer. managerial platform fanstime aim provide every star and star platform where every managerial duty would done themselves. the platform designed virtual managerial office with every tool needed skyrocket artist already pre-designed. this way there room for managers using raw talent enrich themselves. traditional entertainment, what these managers scout for exceptional talents, brand them, show them off the world and make huge sum money off them while giving them just peanuts. fanstime going put end that giving every talented individual equal chance fight for recognition and yet earn what they deserve. through this platform, stars can interact with users, receive recommendation and suggestions. they can even decide have show there clamor the fans. organization concerts ;shows become automated with only few physical hands participating the set up. payments are automated, tickets sales also with the necessary payment for logistics and all being done online. communication and accessibility for whatsoever unknown reason, stars have not been able meet their followers, mean real followers. through the smart contract, star able account for true fans. the star would create open contract, more like portfolio which their fans get accept and such, follow the star. fan not pleased with star, has direct link through which they can express their grievances. more so, through the platform, these stars can let their true fans have exclusive truths about events rather than rely the media. this reduces the amount lying that takes place the industry daily. also reduces the high rate impersonation and fraud rate that occurs. anyone going duped impersonated star, that person was not true fan the real star. protection data and affordability the platform offers exclusive protection the product every star affordable cost. fans would able download songs and other entertainment product through secured channel for certain amount money. this money belongs exclusively the musician question with only little percentage going fanstime. this way, exploitation eradicated and true wealth gained. also, musician for instance can upload track and would exclusively for his fan base. data protected the platform. nobody can take your details without your permission this platform. the ecosystem establishment fanstime means accidental. most core members its founding team, with years experience the fan economy have deep understandings its troubles the current market environment. the troubles are hurting the stars and fans well the fan economy. practitioners, the fanstime founding team has been committed the overall upgrading the industry taking multiple initiatives. meanwhile, thanks the ever-developing blockchain technology and ever-growing number application scenarios, the fanstime team has found the right solutions for some the core industrial headaches and would like devote more time and efforts relevant development and maintenance. the fanstime ecosystem more than just platform where stars and fans meet also cryptocurrency and platform where you can sell your artwork. the fanstime ecosystem triple based platform where fans get meet their stars and vice versa and where money can made from selling artworks and trading cryptocurrency. the fanstime operate the ethereum blockchain technology. for now, the fanstime system structured follows: building the global decentralized infrastructure fanstime dedicated building the blockchain-based infrastructure for the global entertainment industry and fan economy, including: public figure information registration system, copyright registration system, information distributed storage and communication system and establishing the decentralized data storage, information search, payment, and settlement well lbs service, community broadcast and other community infrastructure. with the fanstime smart contract system, nodes within the ecosystem can reach consensus efficiently. meanwhile, fanstime will extract the behavior data, consumption data and positioning data from each node outline anonymous profile for each user and formulate the statistical results which will offered the community nodes via visual query interfaces and api technologies. payment data formed the fanstime ecosystem will settled automatically based the smart contract; meanwhile, the signature and cryptography systems based the public and private key technology, third-party security application, bio-information identification and other security technologies are used guarantee the payment security. the fanstime ecosystem will actively engaged exploring the relevant interfaces based the geographic locations, bio-information input, and internet things (iot) chip applications facilitate the demand matching and security traceability among community nodes. within decentralized ecosystem, the system itself will effective shield for personal value against capital and authority. the task value assessment will fully handed over the market and end users. with the smart contract embedded with system, nodes across the ecosystem can evaluate the content through algorithm and reach objective and fair conclusions. fanstime will responsible for commercialization resources and development infrastructure and, connecting the resources other communities, offer better experience fanstime community users with the blockchain general infrastructure. cryptography-based identification mechanism reshape the credit system cryptography the basic logic underlying the fanstime blockchain system. within the fanstime ecosystem, each individual (e.g. star) will have exclusive private key, which can used sign any information the individual has released. meanwhile, fanstime will maintain and publish the public key pool the star. any organization individual can verify the signature the star with the public keys. simplify the information truthfulness verification procedures and curb the spread false information the platform, fanstime will develop series user-friendly information verification products, for example the online star signature verification platform, and offer the relevant api facilitate the re-development the developers. smart contract redefine the value distribution since there natural physical distance among nodes and time and spatial dimensions, the information asymmetry universal and inevitable natural phenomenon. however, conventional economic pattern, because the absence motivation mechanism for the nodes, the intermediate nodes along the information transmission channels will make profits creating the information asymmetry. with the smart contract the fanstime blockchain, can open more possibilities for value distribution and thus effectively resolve the agency exploitation problem the fan economy. during the transmission process individual ips the fanstime ecosystem, each node empowered with three types values product supply, product consumption and product recommendation. product supply and product recommendation nodes earn tokens directly the transaction while product consumption nodes make payment with tokens for product experience. this consistent with the value delivery the traditional transactions. the difference is, the nodes recommending the products can broadcast other nodes and gain promotion commission based the agreement stipulated the smart contract once the rest the nodes receive the information and complete the consumption. under the mechanism, the intermediate nodes along the information transmission shall receive their due earnings product recommenders. therefore, their motivation for creating the information asymmetry ultimately removed. individual ips stars token individual ips their start-up stage can accomplish the primitive accumulation fans, initial work presentation and value realization within the community. for stars with several fans, private tokens can issued based the values and partially subscribed early fans, who can either sell the tokens other fans profit from the rising popularity and value the star exchange the tokens for products the star, like concert ticket, exclusive lunch, limited-edition hoodie. public figures, activities and reputation stars can have direct influence their values. highly honored stars can deliver the values specific commodities while stars with distinctive personal styles can extend the values some lifestyles. the extension these values can bring extended earnings stars. the comprehensive earnings themselves will also feed back the values tokens. stars, like listed companies, can regulate the market through buyback, pos, the increase the tradable shares part iii. fanstime implementation logic fanstime-- new ecosystem the fan economy based the blockchain technology, including the following four important components: individual value system personal value system the starting point for the development the ecosystem. pricing measure different from the legal tender will set for the value the individual ip, which will then develop series value performance. currency longer represents the amount work per unit time, then what can measure the value talent? fanstime believes that only fans can do. token shared the community co-founders will become the only object price individual solve the pricing, financing, derivative development and "assetization". gradually, decentralized multilateral market can built then the value individual can cherished fairly. the value system co-founders can closely engaged the value creation individual and benefit from the process. fanstime will introduce for the community the high-value individual and the demand side segments improve the market environment and continuously expand the circulation coverage token. fanstime chain fanstime chain new blockchain system developed fanstime team based the blockchain. supporting multiple smart contracts. fanstime chain the underlying logic fanstime. when fanstime newly came online, the fanstime chain took the form consortium blockchain reduce the maintenance costs and improve the upgrading efficiency. the fanstime chain will open its bookkeeping become public blockchain when the fanstime community getting larger and the blockchain technology more mature. small-scale high frequency trading widely exists celebrity trading and celebrity-fan interaction scenarios. the existing public-chain infrastructure features insufficient tps and excessive fees. this account, fanstime will build its own underlying public chain system ensure providing ,-level tps and keeping trading fees within reasonable range under the premise keeping high consistency. based the characteristics fan economy, feature modules vertical domain will built the fanstime chain, such one-button issuance token simplifying the issuing personal token, one-button signature easy protect the copyright the works, piracy identification, etc. the same time, the security functions using for protecting fans' rights and interests will also built fanstime chain, such mandatory token lock position, mandatory staging release, etc. aiming protecting the interests the community from damage exerted small number unscrupulous token issuers. fanstime plan supply users with better experiences based its blockchain universal infrastructure allotting more resources fans' community and cooperating with other parallel communities. complying with the blockchain standard, fanstime chain enables majority community developers write turing-complete smart contracts based business scenarios. working together with hong kong university science and technology, the fanstime r&d team has developed the dpos pow mixed consensus mechanism, which not only brings the superiority dpos fast trading and saving resources into full play, but also enables most nodes community involve accounting create fair and safe environment. fanstime chain has total accounting nodes, most which being selected campaigns conducted community, with the rest being generated node mining competition. all nodes have their accounting turn, generating one block every two seconds, therefore each round accounting needs seconds. the end each round, new combination accounting nodes generated through voting and competition will begin with next round block issuance. addition, introducing byzantine fault-tolerance mechanism into dpos fanstime chain, confirmation time further shorted. with the wasm virtual machine built-in fanstime chain, while enjoying the improvement the efficiency smart contracts, most developers can use mature languages such java (teavm), etc. compile smart contracts. for performance improvement effect, please refer the following figure. while establishing personal value system, the public chain fanstime chain will synchronously released with the completion infrastructure. the test alpha version public-chain will completed september the test network, released october and the major network, launched the end the beginning fti token fti fti official encrypted digital currency the fanstime ecosystem based the launch fanstime chain. fti the official token for any transaction conducted the ecosystem and the backbone economic system the ecosystem. the future, the fanstime community will launch the community motivation system and all the participants the community will given equal access fti. the fanstime token depends totally the secure and fast ethereum network. the fti token created adopt all the privacy and security principle and practice the erc. the token virtual asset that bears value based the underlying properties, assets, stars success and associated rights and privileges. since ethereum based token, depends the ethereum platform enjoying numerous advantages like predictability and security rather than having create independent blockchain implementation well-supported and robust client since tokens from the ethereum network can managed ethereum customers too high liquidity rate easy exchange with other based tokens including ether. also easier get listed popular exchange platforms the fti token utilitarian token native token the fanstime blockchain and may not used outside the platform. with the fanstime chain smart contract, super individual entitled issue the exclusive token set the exclusive value, establish the exclusive value system and exchange for fti the fanstime system. obtaining approaches payment method ledger legal tender fti issued the digital currency central banks exchange exclusive token fanstime banknotes/digit network node network node payment broadcast broadcast none/centraliz banks blockchain blockchain circulatio coverage within the specific country global circulation global circulation detailed analysis the difference among the legal tenders different countries, fti and exclusive token for stars build such new value system, fanstime will develop series applications, including but not limited to, time exchange, fans rights mall, exclusive token exchange, etc. see part for more details. fti the native token fanstime and will used the platform enjoy all the benefits the platform. with the fti, you can the following, though not limited to: have access your favorite stars, their events and vip events. use fanstime smart contract technology copyright your data the blockchain sell your data the blockchain and use the other features that fanstime will roll out time goes on. assumed scenario-to use token for celebrity development support: artist made the debut the industry and gained small number fans after starring one idol show. can then choose launch his autographed photos online the fans rights mall, live broadcast programs, meet-up tickets, and other commodities, which can purchased fti owners. artist has been gaining rising fame, increasing number fans and the establishment exclusive fans community his/her own and the gradual formation fans culture, which makes diversified commercialization channels possible. then, artist decides issue his time and commodity fanstime, the fti owners can exchange for artist a's time from fanstime time exchange, interact with artist online and offline all the way and therefore get even more passionate about artist result, the time artist becoming more valuable. artist grows into star, whose fans community and fans culture are wellestablished and protected cognitive barriers, i.e. fans have independent cognition and stable recognition artist a's value. this time, artist issued exclusive token which the fti owners can subscribe. because artist a's rising popularity, the rising demand for token will bring handsome profits for artist and early holders (most probably fans). fti: powering fanstime blockchain the fti token the power block the fanstime blockchain users need the token before they can enjoy the numerous benefits fanstime. the token ensures that transactions are done very quickly because the blockchain does not have battle with lack scalability. this was why fanstime has started the building its side chain where decentralized apps will created, like the time exchange. the main chain and the side chain will linked together, meaning that transactions done the side chain that affects the main chain sent the main chain. made this division because not want our native token, the fti, have slow transaction time three per second. transactions can done across borders. the token secure: payment method, has underlying security infrastructure that prevents from being hacked. the token cannot diverted. the token reliable. this means that the token cannot malfunction, well the fanstime blockchain. every feature will run smoothly. intelligent. using blockchain technology and ai, have incorporated conditions like the gdpr ensure every data operated the platform safe. you can use fanstime blockchain copyright your work instead expending lot getting copyrights your authority. when another person illegally uploads your work and tries pass off his, the technology will alert your technical architecture proof stake fanstime has considered the high costs users mining cryptocurrencies our coin was pow. the effect would have the environment great. that's why opted for pos token. the pos token means that our tokens cannot mined; therefore there need for mining hardware. pow coins promote inequality, meaning that only those with the money pay for energy costs and complicated hardware can earn more tokens. many block chains can compromised with the complicated mining hardware, which opted for pos. earn more tokens, you would have stake your tokens for period without touching them. this ensure that there relative scarcity the token; hence the price the token will increase. the staking percentage will released later. more so, operating with the proof stake consensus, the issue scalability solved speed, energy consumption and transaction issues are solved trying reach consensus compare what faced the proof work. lamport signatures fanstime has looked across the world blockchain technology and noticed that the threat hacking through classical and quantum computers increasing. the nearest future, quantum computers with the shor algorithm will able hack into lot block chains and destroy them. funds will easily carted away, and many blockchain platforms will fail. protect ourselves, are making use the primitives' cryptography like lamport signature scheme protect our blockchain. with this signature scheme, quantum computers classical computers cannot have access our blockchain token. governance system the fanstime created solely for the users and run the users. the decision carried out carried out the users themselves. whatsoever policy they want adopt long legal would granted. our role the governance process just put you through the right decision i.e. serving guide all the processes and also implement the decisions you arrive at. decision made through electioneering process where users get vote for the best choice. the majority carries the vote all cases. since smart contract supported, contract opened with the necessary information and terms agreement and that where all voting would take place. any violation against the terms agreement would counted null and void. automatically, the decision made would implemented programmed the contract. global content distribution system copyright identification system global entertainment content distribution system the entertainment contents produced diversified ips are the major carrier the fan economy. the transmission channels and speed these contents are quite inefficient due the influence the existing internet and content distribution structures. for example, the current network environment, server carrying the content specific suddenly crashed the content was maliciously deleted some individuals organizations for commercial intentions, result the content would unavailable. these problems can inevitable under the context centralized servers. meanwhile, the centralized server structure results extremely high content transmission costs (server costs, bandwidth costs, etc.), the content distribution rights are controlled few people organizations and may cause the quality contents unable distributed effectively. with the fanstime blockchain technology and distributed file system, can effectively address the content server centralization issue. the distributed technology can provide effective guarantee the content security and availability when slicing the content and synchronizing the file slices the neighboring servers the network. meanwhile, the fanstime distributed technology will conduct the hash index the file slices and record the hash codes the blockchain ensure the consistency the file slices with the source file. the records will unalterable and forever saved the network. under the distributed infrastructure, the content transmission can support the entertainment information transmission without the restrictions server and bandwidth. the fanstime ecosystem, the content transmission will fair, secure and highly efficient, enhancing greatly the content distribution and transmission speed and breadth. based this system, will also develop the distribution applications geared towards the digital contents weak copyright. the digital contents weak copyright refer the contents inadequate for the copyright trading and completed relatively low production time cost. for example, live shows, song demos, dance clips, greeting audios, portraiture, personal schedule, blog journals, etc. for subjects with comparatively low individual values (e.g. internet celebrities, bloggers, talent show players, new artists, etc.), their limited professional expertise and connections will prevent them from producing works "sufficient for copyright trading", which will lead the restrictions the appreciation speed individual values and postponement the cash-in individual values. "digital content distribution weak copyright" has been developed resolve the problem. firstly, the production costs and professional expertise requirement weak copyright digital content are lower and individuals can well complete the whole production. secondly, the pricing rights and usufruct are the hands individual owners, free from the intervention any agencies adverse market factors. finally, the application will meet the demands for the simultaneous enforcement multi-sided relay transactions, multi-sided transaction traceability and multi-level reward feedback mechanism. the underlying logic weak digital copyright distribution system global content copyright verification system the fanstime blockchain technology and distributed system can provide important support copyright protection. under the current network environment, the centralized and revisable data the traditional servers make quite difficult prove copyright infringement (for instance the infringer can tamper with the publishing time the infringing content falsely prove earlier content than the original). while the fanstime ecosystem, the publishing time and content will recorded the blockchain forever. the write-in time the copycats the original contents the blockchain will definitely later than that the original writer. case infringement, the originator can offer proper evidence, the rights and interests the content originator the copyright owner are thus protected. international crowdfunding platform for individual the traditional crowd funding platforms are often confronted with trust issues. these platforms require lot capital put for artificial verification costs ensure and monitor the fundraisers distribute the due profits participants strictly based the agreement reached before the crowd funding. compared with the traditional crowdfunding platforms, the new platform will operate independently without manufactured interferences, thanks the smart contracts and decentralized and distributed databases. therefore, "code equal law" would truly realized least the process profits allocation between investors. and the concerns that the fundraisers the platform will unlawfully profit from the projects can ignored. fanstime will also provide international crowdfunding platform for fti and exclusive token holders addition continuously connecting the terminal consumption scenarios the ecosystem based the basic blockchain technology. individual can initiate the project crowd funding highly relevant the the platform. other users the community can participate the crowd funding with their fti exclusive token. the profit distribution shall conducted automatically accordance with the smart contract stipulation without the intervention any agents. investors can not only benefit from the appreciation fti and exclusive token, but also from the investment project profits. assumed scenario: talented independent producer and initiated crowd funding for film program fanstime. users got know from webpages that was film practitioner who graduated from professional schools and had created feature films for lots famous companies and had good understandings the market and camera language and worked with young elite team. so, the users joined the crowd funding events and got the ultimate profits based the smart contract. global membership rewards system individual the past, the individual could theoretically establish the global fans club (membership based). however, they are faced with the following headaches for long time: real sense, the membership system has not become globally unique. membership data different countries can stored different databases independent each other. the resulting geographical and price discrimination have been existing for long time. the sense belonging and value identity the individual supporters are seeking have been weakened seriously. the long run, this approach will against reducing the fans management costs because "equal treatment" will constant consideration. high costs verifying the membership identity information. particularly the offline scenarios, the operator event sponsoring organizations need verify the membership identity ensure those admitted harmless. traditionally, the resident passports are used for verification. however, such approach will encounter series difficulties when applied the transnational operation. member consumption record can easily fabricated. the membership system weak its business development potential. the individual unique its diversified cash-in approaches for business cooperation and fans constitute the mainstream consumers. the traditional centralized membership database weak business development and unable provide reliable membership consumption information. therefore, the membership classification, maintenance and marketing cannot implemented high level. address the problems, fanstime will develop set global membership token system based the blockchain technology focus solving the membership identity verification, protection consumption records and transnational transactions. authentication the identity verification shall implemented mainly with asymmetric key encryption algorithm, which includes two encryption keys known the public key and private key. the data encrypted with the public key shall decrypted with corresponding private key and vice versa. users can encrypt their identity information with their private keys and broadcast encrypted info and public keys, then other users can decrypt with their public keys. the decryption successful, then the identity verification will through. this way, the user's account will protected from being falsely claimed someone else. hard tamper with the consumption records distributed database for data storage, data block, digital signature (asymmetric key encryption algorithm) and time stamp will used realize the function protecting the consumption records from being altered tampered with the consumption records will stored data block. data block generally comprises block header and block body. the block header contains the former block's address, time stamp, random number and the current block's target hash value while the block body contains the transaction details. the data blocks are then stored distributed database. the time stamp used record the time the current block data has been entered, and the time stamp all the following blocks will serve evidence for the added workload for all the previous time stamps. this will formulate chain which the time ascending order. the time stamp can used important parameter prove its existence, which can prove the specific information must have existed specific moment. the digital signature can protect the consumption records from being forged. this can accomplished with identity verification (see above for more details). the distributed database decentralized system structure, i.e. the whole network not subject single centralized hardware administration and each participating node has equal rights and obligations. addition, any participating node can have full database copy. unless more than half the system algorithms are under control, any revision the database from nodes will invalid. transnational transaction unified trading currency (fti and exclusive token) offers transnational transaction solutions. different individual ips will build their own value systems with exclusive token and fans across the world will use one unified digital currency purchase the relevant commodities and services this individual ip, unbounded their nationalities geographic locations. fanstime: incorporating the tenets general data protection regulation (gdpr). the gdpr regulation created protect users' privacy the eu. works for those living the eea- european economic area. though fanstime will not solely operate the eu, has decided into integrate the tenets gdpr into the blockchain. fanstime will give control the data the owners, and will ensure data theft violation data privacy does not occur the blockchain. individuals have the right reveal withhold reveal their personal data. the individual can get paid for the data, while deciding how long his her data are displayed. are unlike, facebook and other social networks, which fleece their users' data, sell third parties, and not reward their users. diversified participants the fanstime ecosystem construction the fanstime ecosystem, diversified participants the fan economy will have free, convenient, and fair access the construction and utilization the ecosystem. these participants include: providers, content platforms, manufacturers, copyright owners and within the ecosystem, the fanstime participants can enjoy the premium fan resources dividends and convenient blockchain and fti transaction system. meanwhile, with diversified smart contracts, they can build the highly efficient transaction mechanism enhance the work efficiency. diversified participants the fanstime ecosystem construction part iv. interpretation individual value system application application: time exchange the increasing number community users and rising user participation drive surge demand for more and diversified individual ips. the community will inevitably launch more widely applied standard equivalent individual ip--time. compared with the higher verification and issuance costs the exclusive token, time provides more flexible capitalization approaches and can quickly attract the potential individual participate. diagram fanstime time exchange time exchange and token exchange will work together enrich the value system the overall ecosystem and meet the demands individual provider, demand side and investors different types and different development stages. application: fans rights mall fans rights mall one the terminal consumption applications the fanstime ecosystem. with the development communities, there will increasing number fanstime terminal consumption scenarios. fans rights mall where all fanstime users exchange fti, exclusive token time for commodities services. commodities include the traditional copyright commodities, offline events commodities, digital contents weak copyright and diversified commodities. they are priced with such pricing measures fti, exclusive token time depending the specific individual ip's choices. traditional copyrighted goods like music, television production and films, portraiture, etc.; offline programs like concert tickets, access meet-up events lunch with idols, etc.; digital content weak copyright like voice chat, live shows, blog, and journals, etc.; diversified iprelated products like star-related souvenirs, derivatives, brand name crossovers, etc. application: exclusive token exchange diagram fanstime exclusive token exchange under the fanstime exclusive token exchange system, famous stars can issue their own exclusive token for the subscription their fans other community users who recognize the value the stars. exclusive token holders can conduct transactions through the fanstime exclusive token exchange exchange the exclusive token the star for corresponding fan rights and interests. part fanstime implementation roadmap the long-term development fanstime will move ahead along two main routes, one infrastructure and the other the application scenario. with the maturing blockchain technology and evolving lower layer protocol, will continuously improve the basic services for the overall operations the communities; besides, will consistently explore the industrial resources apply the community contract spirit more scenarios and update any implemented changes the fanstime official website timely basis. please follow http://fanstime.org for more details. here will only give descriptions the key time arrangement strategic importance: establishment individual value system and improvement fanstime infrastructure time exchange time milestone: march june fanstime founding team quite experienced the research and development traditional internet platforms, transaction system and blockchain. and time exchange will launched firstly. time exchange will provide more convenient transaction channel for larger number individual owners. meanwhile, through further improving the infrastructure, the founding team provides more basic interfaces and functions (such payment and settlement) facilitate the interaction between stars and fans. fans rights mall time milestone: june december with the continuous expansion user scale and further upgrading cooperation scope, increasingly individual owners will constantly make request for valuation. the community will sort out the characteristics these demands for more flexible value realization channels product forms, and convenient ways integration industry chain. this stage, fans rights mall will launched, and the fragmented right products can sold directly fans. regarding the infrastructure, the oto docking efficiency fans rights further improved, which can provide more localization options. improvement fanstime infrastructure time milestone: december during the stage establishment individual value system, the principal chain fanstime released. the test principal chain alpha version was finished june,. will release test network january, and formally launch the end fanstime users are mapped from the erc the principal chain fanstime based the upgraded smart contract and will gradually launched the community incentive system. exclusive token exchange time milestone: december december based business practice demands, will define the token issuing and transaction process system super and allow the exchange related rights regarding the cooperation demand super and usage requirement fans users the community. during this stage, super can issue exclusive token fans for subscription, and such fans can hold the added values issued token exchange specific star products with foresaid token. with the development blockchain technology, will integrate more industry chain resources and common technical interfaces, lay the foundation for common facilities such identity authentication and data investigation. multiple terminal consumption application access based blockchain (going from december, with the evolving ecosystem, fanstime will develop more blockchain-based applications for different scenarios. meanwhile, fanstime will actively cooperate with third-party platforms organizations and open sdk and relevant interfaces plug more excellent applications. global entertainment content distribution and copyright verification system establishment the global entertainment content distribution system technology and relevant applications (time milestone: december --december the global entertainment content copyright verification system (time milestone:going from december, establishment the global individual crowd funding platform establishment the fanstime individual crowd funding platform technology (time milestone: june --december blockchain-based crowd funding application access and operation (time milestone: december --december establishment individual global membership token system establishment individual global membership token system technology (time milestone: december --june gradual launch relevant applications based different industries (time milestone: june --december evolvement the autonomous ecosystem time milestone: going from december the foundation will improve the long-term and autonomous motivational measures when the overall ecological infrastructure basically established. this stage, individual ips the industrial chain have taken roots fanstime, the community infrastructure has been making positive and stable progress and automation has been realized the application access, self-circulation has taken shape among the circulation, recycling, and distribution the token mechanism the system, value and information transfer are highly smooth and efficient. the team would gradually put down development and operation roles and return fanstime system community participants promote the autonomous evolvement just the same like other participants. terms technology, there are established routines the improvement and upgrading the basic smart contract, well-developed registration, authorization and tracking system individual and accessible transaction, verification, and consumption channels fans. the whole ecosystem enters stage autonomous evolvement. part vi. fanstime governance structure fanstime foundation profile the fanstime founding team takes "decentralization" its goal and keeps marching ahead toward the common ideal promoting the continuous upgrading and autonomy the ecological communities. since the establishment fanstime program, has been clarified the program shall become means tool seeking profits for few organizations individuals. for the convenience community users and social supervision, fanstime team will establish fanstime foundation singapore. the non-profit foundation takes its mission run the fanstime integrated ecosystem fair, objective, and transparent manner and offers support various tasks the ecosystem fanstime foundation based singapore and subject stipulations laws and regulations singapore. the foundation will independently managed and run trustee board directors management committee which consists qualified trustees. meanwhile, the operation the committee will independent the local government authorities singapore. singapore known for its internationalization. has very strict and well-established legal system with one the lowest crime rates the world. meanwhile, the world's busiest trade center, singapore boasts world-leading financial environment and financial order. non-profit organization, fanstime foundation not entitled participate any events concerning commercial interests accordance with laws singapore. the "profits" gained the foundation shall retained surpluses and used organizing other events and will not distributed the foundation members other for-profit organizations. fanstime foundation governance structure make reasonable use resources and capital the fanstime foundation, continuously promote the rapid development fanstime ecosystem and expand the application coverage and community dimensions fanstime ecosystem fair, objective, and transparent manner, the organizational structure the foundation shown follows: d-staff(decision-making staff) d-staff simply the decision-making committee the supreme decision-making body the fanstime foundation and responsible for the final decision-making regarding foundation affairs. the decision-making committee made odd number natural persons, with the same right make decisions. the committee mainly responsible for the formulation and review major matters the foundation, such strategic planning and financial budget. chairman the foundation ceo) the ceo the foundation elected d-staff and responsible for it. the ceo's main responsibility gradually implement the resolutions and regulations designated the decision-making committee within the specified time and report them regular basis. the ceo also responsible for establishing the necessary functional departments and employing the core staff relevant departments coordinate the core business each business line and make the foundation work properly and efficiently. honorary chairman the fanstime foundation regularly selects honorary chairperson reward its outstanding contributions the fanstime community. honorary chairperson will responsible for further promoting the fanstime community and ecosystem, enhance its overall popularity and influence. the honorary chairperson, decided d-staff and ceo, will report directly the ceo. research and development department the r&d department responsible for the research and development the fanstime ecosystem, from the underlying technology the upper layer application. daily work, the r&d department needs maintain good communication with the product and design department, operation department, and other departments ensure the rapid response requirements. the same time, ensure the technology advancement the fanstime community, the members r&d department need continuously absorb the latest innovative technologies. product and design department the product and design department mainly responsible for the maintenance and promotion the product content and presentation form the fanstime ecosystem. the same time, with the technical department, the product and design department establish sustainable development strategy for the ecosystem. the daily work product and design department includes conducting market research, coordinating product functions, and undertaking design, graphic design, and other work fanstime ecosystem. ecological operation department the ecological operation department will responsible for the planning, organization, implementation, and monitoring all the ongoing issues the fanstime ecosystem. the top priority the ecological operation department actively develop more outside partners and closely integrate the fanstime ecosystem, the ecosystem members with the outside partners build open, distributed and global ecological chain quality experience; besides, the ecological operation department will responsible for the construction the ecosystem within the community and formulate autonomous system positive interaction, free information circulation and full information symmetry within the fanstime community. the ecological operation department members shall any time pay attention the updates, hot topics, and feedback within the community, have active communication with encrypted digital virtual currency holders and organize irregular technological communication meetings and other events. marketing department the marketing department shall responsible for continuously conveying the ideas and achievements fanstime ecosystem the public with multiple marketing approaches improve the influence fanstime ecosystem and expand the fanstime community scale. specific practices, the promotional tasks the marketing department shall conduct include but not limited to: maintain the public relations and media relations and promote the ideas through diversified public media channels; produce and launch advertising campaigns; design interactive events. meanwhile, the marketing department will work closely with the ecological operation department and make the optimum promotional and marketing plans based the requirements partners and terminal users. finance department the finance department will responsible for the management and monitoring the financial affairs the fanstime foundation, including fund management, accounting, and cost accounting and auditing. the digital assets projects are highly risky, the finance department will responsible for risk management and control and will work with other departments conduct analysis and evaluation over project operation and financial risks. terms auditing, the traditional system will unable have effective supervision over digital assets considering their special traits. fanstime foundation will hire auditors with professional experience ensure stable fanstime accounting system well open and transparent fti application. part vii establishment and maintenance fanstime community establishment community fanstime communities were established fanstime founding team and the foundation and targeted invitations had been sent early stage elites sharing the fanstime ideals. the participating members, together with fanstime foundation, will work hard for the construction fanstime ecosystem and communities. fanstime foundation, the initiator fanstime ecosystem, shall have access, other than the initial public offering, acquiring the corresponding encrypted digital virtual currency other interests. fanstime foundation members will work with community users contribute the ecosystem construction, provide quality information and obtain fair rewards. community construction and expansion the fanstime foundation and its elite members will responsible for the infrastructure construction and maintenance the fanstime community, including: technical system: the fanstime foundation committed making public the fanstime source codes its official website (http://fanstime.org) and github for community members visit, learn, supervise, and improve after the establishment the fanstime community. scenarios: the fanstime foundation and its elite members will continuously improve the ecological quality fanstime and step its application more scenarios. operation system: the fanstime foundation promises the communities that organization specialized the ecological operation will set take charge fanstime ecosystem maintenance and improvement. the gradually improving fanstime communities and their upgraded ecological influence will attract more members sharing values and ideals with fanstime. those members can producers consumers quality experience both. with increasing number community members and orderly autonomous rules the fanstime ecological system, the communities will enjoy accelerated development and the community members are more likely win the motivation rewards. community maintenance community voting mechanism the participation community members very important the improvement and upgrading the blockchain system. fanstime ecosystem takes the community voting mechanism, which will act efficient and fair channel hear opinions the community members and reach the agreement drive the self-upgrading ecological logic. improve the voting efficiency and engage more community members voting spite their geological locations, fanstime ecosystem has developed specialized scripting language algorithm based the blockchain and smart contract and establish the dynamic voting procedures through smart contract broadcast; dimensionality reduction has been placed the algorithm over voting rights accounts improve the number members across the community and impose restrictions malicious moves gain private interests holding large amount resources. meanwhile, the algorithm will also restrain the voting rights fanstime foundation better implement democracy. part viii. issuance and allocation fti circulation and exchange planning billion fti will issued for exchange, the details are shown below: for community construction, used community infrastructure construction the early stage fanstime for technological research and development, used fanstime product design and r&d for marketing, used fanstime marketing and expansion for business cooperation, used construction ecological business facilities and business cooperation relevant projects for team building, used the payment operating costs and contribution returns the fanstime founding team and management team. locked for three years and releases every six months. for the foundation, managed the foundation and used fanstime foundation establishment and relevant events such community community construction technological research and development marketing business cooperation team building foundation reserved awards, liquidity support, compliance support. circulation the early stage: billion fti, mainly used the initial community construction, marketing, business cooperation, the first-stage cost and the motivation the founding team; long-term released: billion fti, mainly used for long-term technical development, team building, foundation management, marketing, community construction and business cooperation. exchange modes available feb. th, singapore time, initial recruiting will launched and completed hours. mar. th, singapore time, initial private placement towards institutions and complete within designated period hours. exchange will completed april. and fti will issued the mainstream exchanges may. acceptable encrypted digital currency for fti exchange: eth/btc/ht/eos. special statement will obey and resolutely advocate the laws and regulations different countries and are now seeking investments across the world. (chinese and american citizens are now allowed join. any consequence legal liability case violation shall independently undertaken the violator and fanstime shall not held liable.) part ix. management team her highness princess apinya pramoj, honorary president the foundation thailand princess, daughter prince supab pramoj, granddaughter former thailand prime minister mom rajawongse kukritvpramoj. his tenure prime minister, kukrit pramoj established the diplomatic ties between thailand and china and had meetings with mao zedong, zhou enlai, deng xiaoping, and other chinese leaders. kukrit pramoj advocated democracy and friendly coexistence with countries different political institutions. the pramojs, goodwill envoys neighboring countries, have been actively engaged economic, cultural and entertainment communities many countries. weilian chen, ceo the foundation he, american, winner master degree from california state university, the united states, researcher specializing artificial intelligence (neural network). used serve listed semiconductor company locate silicon valley, and later started his business engaging creation new hardware and commercial application projects mainland china and taiwan region. recent ten years, his business was focused the association southeast asian nations, mainly engaging expansion global blockchain technology businesses, establishing personal and enterprise credit system, linking with online banks, expanding application blockchain, quickening the development financial industry. senior engineer blockchain sector, acted the director technique team, working ai, senior algorithm research, etc., accumulating rich experience high-tech field blockchain. tetsuya shin, charge r&d department japanese citizen, msc applied physics from school engineering, tohoku university, blockchain expert, used work for hitachi high-technologies corporation japan and us, responsible for bpm and software development, years experience product r&d and project management. terry wu, charge finance department australian citizen, master accounting and finance from university adelaide, used work for travelex, specialized foreign exchange institution and westpac, sophisticated professional and management experience risk control and loan review. part consulting team jinhynk, professional consultant chief director sbs, rok citizen who put lee min ho, lee jong suk and other korean lookers map and used serve director legend the blue sea, the master's sun, city hunter, brilliant legacy and other hit series, his record television audience rating has not been broken rok. popular rok, china, japan, other southeast asian countries, us, and other countries and has won unanimous applause from audience and professional critics. huang lianjin, technology consultant well-known blockchain expert, member acm practitioner board, expert member chinese institute electronics, mba. former vice president technology huawei, chief scientist blockchain, senior expert huawei and chief authentication management architect. used work for cgi canada head cgi blockchain lab, cgi security technology director, cgi cloud security director and chief security architect and established the cgi federal management and cybersecurity capability center. used offer consulting service finance, blockchain and security for federal government, financial institutions, and public service operations when worked for cgi. part xi. strategic partners investors china equity group with globalization strategy, china equity group (ceg) focuses investment high-tech and culture entertainment industries. ceg was co-founded wang chaoyong, returned american investment banker and chief representative morgan stanley beijing office, together with swiss investors. mr. wang hailed investment godfather and one the first overseas chinese students working the wall street investment and financing community. qianhai m&a funds qianhai m&a funds, with the powerful support qianhai equity exchange shareholders, specializes sectors high-tech investments, including culture and education, internet, it, industrial automation, healthcare, environmental protection, national defense conversion civil use. minipo equity investment (previously known equity investment) leading domestic non-public online equity investment platform. mainstream, prestigious and influential new business media and its parent company now the largest service platform for the 'entrepreneurship and innovation initiatives' china. ifensi ifensi the most professional fans operation and service platform, ranking top alexa chinese entertainment website. secured rmb million round financing and was valued rmb billion, record high fan economy financing. engaged the entertainment industry for more than decade, ifensi has established great relationship and strategic partnership with lots well-known entertainment and finance companies, including s.m. and rok, ee-media, emperor entertainment group, bgtalent, juli entertainment media, star cultural media group, phil chang's workshop, huayi music workshop, steve chou's workshop, dao cao production, etc. the strategic partner fanstime, ifensi provided with numerous entertainment resources, and dedicated construct new ecosystem fans economy based blockchain technology. united cultural works exchanges united cultural works exchanges the largest and most influential film and television derivative exchange platform and the only government-approved cultural art works equity exchange platform liaoning province, china. united culturalworks exchanges has worked with chunqiu time, h&r century pictures, alibaba pictures, huayi brothers media group and other top creators publish over pieces derivative works, business turnover exceeding rmb billion next chen shu, the founding initiator next, the initiator wenzhou financial management association and co-founder youth capital. next has now accomplished its initial operations blockchain-related fields, concerning tmt, cloud computing, big data, ai, financial technology, etc. node capital venture capital firm dedicated blockchain and one the earliest professional investment companies laying hands blockchain. node capital connect nodes existing blockchain ecosystem and integrate sector resources through investment projects and cooperation, thus construct eco-system the industry and carry forward steady and healthy development blockchain. xiang chain fund funds (xcf) xiang chain fund funds (xcf), the first fund funds (fof) blockchain industry hunan province, was jointly established cheng guihua, founding member the china young angel investor leader association and wang xiaoye, executive director the china young angel investor leader association. xcf has invested many projects including the following: egcc, extrade, rcash, etc. maintains highly cooperative relationship with well-known blockchain investment institutions, and has high degree integration the head resources the entire blockchain industry. the same time, xcf provides highquality blockchain industry projects with consulting services one-stop investment and financing, helping accelerate the development excellent projects blockchain infrastructure and commercial applications. yinxin capital frontier investor blockchain technology co-founded the core team waltonchain and business circles and pevcnews, committed offering support teams with industrial expertise and connections well understandings and visions blockchain. huoxun capital ainvestment arm under huoxun.com, was established several top blockchain experts. tsing capital tsing capital, specializing risk investment block chain industry, professional investment institution, the earliest one established the world for linking and hatching young leaders' new technology projects. dfund dfund was founded zhao dong, well-known person digital currency field, july specializing the investment the field, and supplying the invested project with endto-end investment bank services. sticks the principle value investment, which judged and screened professional team. has impressive earnings its early openended fund. till january the net earnings bitcoin the first phase project dfund u.s. currency. the major investment projects are tnb, qash, aelf, cybermiles, llt, mobilecoin, beechat, etc. genesis genesis, blockchain-oriented professional investment bank and venture capital institution, was found zhu huaiyang and sun zeyu engaging finding the top quality blockchain projects and providing long-term comprehensive assistance. the major investment projects are deep brain chain(dbc), ios, aelf, jex, game.com, prochain, acute angle cloud, etc. link capital link capital, founded lin jiapeng, senior investment expert blockchain field, investment institution specializing the sectors blockchain project, digital currency and network finance, used invest lots quality blockchain projects home and abroad. has established offices singapore, canada, and china's hong kong and shenzhen. capital capital has sharp acumen blockchain industry, unique insight and control over projects, and energizes invested project with community energy. capital capital under the jubi group, venture capital company concentrating blockchain industry, well one the professional investment institutions early involving blockchain industry. capital aimed bringing most potential blockchain projects frontier markets through project investment and cooperation. over years, capital has been implementing influential blockchain projects worldwide supplying end-to-end professional team services, sticking the principles dedicating and professional investments, and upholding the concepts vale investment and deep guidance. stars capital stars capital, founded mr. liu jingchao venture capital company specializing blockchain industry, and one the profession investment institutions early involving the blockchain industrial ecosystem the global context. sets its purpose integrating industrial resources, building industrial ecological circle, and fueling the healthy and stable development blockchain industry through the way project investment and cooperation. mr. liu jingchao also the founder bijiu.com and binvestment, well accomplished expert blockchain industry. trueway capital trueway capital professional investment institution focusing the blockchain sector, engaging building ecological layout the fields mineral pool, transaction platform, technical media, technology application, etc. now devoting itself the technology innovation and development blockchain investing and incubating excellent venture teams blockchain sector.investment cases:cybermiles(cmt), jex, coindom(ccc), oneroo( rnt), gifto, zipper os, topchain(topc), game.com(gtc), renren, nebulas(nas), baic, truechain, qunqun, waykichain, hotchain(hotc), tokenclub, all sport(soc), armada miner(amut) lemi capital lemi capital venture capital company focusing the investment global blockchain sector its early and growing stages, and one the earliest professional investment institutions making layout for creating blockchain industrial ecosystem worldwide. lemi capital's target lies in, means project investment and cooperation, fueling rapid rising new technology and high-value projects, linking the nodes blockchain industrial ecosystem, integrating industrial recourses, building industrial ecosystem better release the potentials blockchain technology its coming development and application, and promoting the healthy and steady development blockchain industry. gama capital gama capital type blockchain industrial fund established the beginning its capital investment portfolio covers all developing stages blockchain industry, vertical industries, regions and commercial modes, including tracks such basic chain, internet things, supply chain, cross-border remittance, traceability, enterprise level application, etc. our concept realize linking the global blockchain ecosphere laying out the blockchain enterprises worldwide. gama capital has established most professional globalized investment team the industry, which composed lots investment managers and industrial analysts equipped with long-term experiences working largescale international investment management institutions. the blockchain projects invested the partners gama capital are pnt, quantum, vechain, abt, eos, fsn, etc., achieving dozens times return investment the whole. trichain capital trichain capital comprehensive and professional venture capital focus blockchain industry and digital asset investment banking. trichain capital driven capital, industry and technology, and committed becoming the best partner the global blockchain entrepreneur. shuanghua capital shuanghua capital new prominent fund focusing blockchain industry, which registered cayman islands. the scope investment includes crypto currency, smart contract, oracle, decentralized storage, decentralized database, cross chain trading, consortium blockchain, etc. thbu capital pte.ltd smwm professional venture capital focusing blockchain and fintech, which committed finding excellent project and accelerating their development our teams are from tsinghua university, peking university and overseas returnees, who have wide experience blockchain industry professional research capacity and keen insight into the future development blockchain. smwm has abundant resources about institution investor, talent and capital market, and has general investment layout blockchain industry. hence, smwm can provide all-round and systematic post-investment service, and has had some successful cases yet. tsinghua alumni fintech capital tsinghua alumni fintech capital investment firm that exclusively invests companies related blockchain technology and fintech. our fund has innovative operating model-we connect campus with capital and combinator help entrepreneurs get starting fund, connections, coaching and professional consulting. tsinghua alumni fintech capital collaborates closely with funds including zhen fund, aplus capital, plum ventures, skysaga capital, legend star, future capital, tusstar, flyfot ventures, collinstar capital, taiyou fund and innoangel fund accelerate the development the industry through investing the whole industrial chain and integrating resources. our goal empower the whole industry, make investments with high quality standard. endeavor find companies with the potential become the industry leaders and help them succeed with our resources. with the resources tsinghua university and its alumni, keep excellent cooperative relations with tsinghua related funds, tsinghua alumni tmt association, tsinghua holdings and tsinghua tongfang. also, stay closely cooperative relations with our advisor--digital currency lab central bank. with estimated million aum, help our portfolio companies achieve higher goals offering funding support, deploying resources and providing professional advices. our portfolio includes kybernetwork, tezos, neo, bluzelle, aelf, icon, eos, trinity, zilliqa, gifto and qash. crypto vision capital crypto vision capita limited focuses investing crypto currency, since founded bvi, crypto vision capital has invested several famous and successful ico, obtained supernormal returns. main members graduated from top universities all over the world, possessing rich investment experience both primary and secondary markets. aum around billion yuan. capital capital one asia's earliest organizations focusing value investing blockchain field. owing industrial resource advantages and professional investment research teams, capital has successively discovered and invested projects such qtum, vechain and eos which all achieved over times return. our teams spread over china, the united states, europe, singapore, japan, and south korea, and have accumulated rich experience areas traditional internet, fintech, and advanced blockchain technology. are committed the globalization blockchain and quality investment the entire industry. capital focuses blockchain innovation projects within finance, games, content publishing, internet things and other circuits, and have been propelling broad layout blockchain technology and infrastructure construction facilitate the comprehensive development the global blockchain ecosystem. capital capital new type investment banking and investment institution focusing the blockchain sector. provide high quality investment services for blockchain projects with professional knowledge and continue tap quality blockchain investment targets. the great voyage capital the great voyage capital, set newborn town and plum ventures, the first investing fund focusing the overseas mobile market china. newborn town mobile company whose product portfolio has over billion oversea users and plum ventures professional vertical internet venture capital. the purpose the great voyage capital discover the valuable early stage projects and teams china who have strong wish expand oversea markets and have the capacity and potential enlarge the great voyage capital investment portfolio. joining the great voyage capital, one could get support from end end like capital injection, resource sharing, mentor guidance and post-investment management (lawyer, job hunter, media coverage and on). from investment management co.,ltd. from investment management co.,ltd capital management company registered the republic the marshall islands. our main business providing investment advice and investment management the blockchain and cryptocurrency industry. part xii. contact official website: http://fanstime.org official e-mail: pr@fanstime.org appendix summary fanstime product and technology updating product updating update time: april th, see part the time exchange blueprint follows: