fantasy gold fantasy gold whitepaper v.. may fantasy gold core team: nicolas hernandez (lead dfscoin and fantasy gold dev) jason liberto (sr vice president business operations) alok kumar saxena (cto and lead draftdaily.com dev) tim baker (fantasy gold coin dev) mark petrozzella (director business development) steven spooner (communications director) craig williams (community director) kevin browne (eu business development) https://fantasygold.io acknowledgements fantasy gold would not have been possible without the prior works the respective bitcoin, peercoin, blackcoin, talkcoin, dash, pivx, and bulwark teams. would like thank these teams for continuing improve upon open-source blockchain technology which has been springboard for new innovations and new digital revolution. our most important thanks the original dfscoin community who hodl'ed through all. they supported our project and believed us. they say that blockchain empowers the people, but without community it's just bits data cyberspace. "creativity comes from applying things you learn other fields the field you work in." --aaron swartz disclosure statement the information contained this document for informational and educational purposes only and should not construed investment advice. fantasy gold in-game digital currency. fantasy gold not security and shall not represent fractional ownership the opensource fantasy gold project, but rather access rights, use rights and payment means within the project's ecosystem. certain functions the fantasy gold blockchain such masternodes, staking, and block rewards are way construed dividend, interest payment profit sharing. fantasy gold digital currency, and such, readers should aware that the market for digital currency still new and uncertain. no- one should have funds invested digital currency speculate digital currency that she not prepared lose entirely. whether the market for fantasy gold will move down, whether fantasy gold will lose all substantially all its value, unknown. introduction built the developers dfscoin, the fantasy gold blockchain replaced dfs april th, through swap means capitalizing the latest advancements masternode technology and decentralized community governance. fantasy gold peer-to-peer cryptocurrency serving the growing fantasy sports and esports industries both the and spaces. functioning both in-game and prize payout currency for contest entry, fantasy gold also acts secure currency payment processing network. this payment processing network able process transactions quickly only fraction the cost compared traditional options. using fantasy gold coin, and it's open ledger, players can confident their deposited funds are safe and used only pay-out prize pools. fantasy and esports players can secure fantasy gold coins their own downloadable private digital wallet. they can then send fantasy gold coins from their unique wallet their personal account fantasy sports sites order enter contests. the fantasy gold wallet can encrypted, backed up, and saved off-line usb other air-gapped device. the wallet only needs internet connection sync with the fantasy gold blockchain, send transactions, when used staking wallet once the cryptocurrency enters its proof-of-stake phase. the fantasy gold blockchain encrypted structure data that represents open financial ledger and such, fantasy gold deposit addresses can easily and publicly verified. this allows site owners publicly display the total amount deposited funds being held cover prize pools the total available fantasy gold coins available cover guaranteed prize pools and tournament events. using open financial ledger, players can assured that deposited player funds are properly segregated from company expense accounts. fantasy gold transactions cannot reversed which eliminates the increasing risks and fees associated with chargeback fraud. because the fantasy gold blockchain and network decentralized there central authority that can freeze funds unlike with traditional centralized payment processors and banks. effect merchants, players even casual holders fantasy gold coins are acting their own bank and payment processor. when end-users make deposits purchases using fantasy gold coins, merchants can store funds coldstorage offline, private encrypted desktop wallet, stowed away paper wallet. transactions sent offline can still monitored and confirmed simply viewing the fantasy gold block explorer. open source and free use fantasy gold api will published the projects block explorer. also free, the source code for the explorer the fantasy gold public software repository which hosted github along with the full fantasy gold source code for public inspection. instead using traditional centralized payment processing, the fantasy gold project does not charge any additional transaction service fees use the payment network. senders pay small transaction fee that awarded miners who process the transactions and masternodes who verify the transactions. anyone with access standard desktop graphics cards can act miner and anyone who holds fantasy gold coins can run masternode basic vps, server even raspberry with static address. what blockchain? blockchain the structure data that represents financial ledger entry, record transaction. each transaction digitally signed ensure its authenticity and that one tampers with it, the ledger itself and the existing transactions within are assumed high integrity. this ledger past transactions called the blockchain chain blocks. the blockchain serves confirm transactions the rest the network having taken place. the transactions are collected blocks, which are found approximately every ninety seconds random process called mining. transactions transfer ownership fantasy gold coins, each these blocks represents update the user's balances the network. following the blockchain from the genesis block and applying all transactions that were validated each block the correct order, you arrive the current status quo. these digital ledger entries are distributed among decentralized network infrastructure masternodes. these additional masternodes and layers the infrastructure serve the purpose providing consensus about the state transaction any given second; they all have copies the existing authenticated ledger distributed amongst them. masternodes are authoritative the sense that they check the work provided miners. when new transaction edit existing transaction comes in, generally majority the masternodes within blockchain implementation must execute some algorithms. this process evaluates and verifies the history the individual blockchain block that proposed coming consensus that the history and signature valid. once this stage complete, then the new transaction accepted into the ledger and new block added the chain transactions. conversely, majority masternodes not concede the addition modification the ledger entry, then denied and not added the chain. this distributed consensus model what allows blockchain run distributed ledger without the need for some central, unifying authority dictating what transactions are valid and (perhaps more importantly) which ones are not. what mining? (proof- of- work) mining serves two purposes: verify the legitimacy transaction, thereby avoiding "double spending". create new fantasy gold coins rewarding miners for performing the previous task. when sending transaction this what happens behind the scenes: transactions are bundled together into what call block. miners verify that transactions within each block are legitimate. so, miners should solve mathematical puzzle known proof -of--work problem. reward given the first miner who solves each block's problem. verified transactions are stored the public blockchain. this "mathematical puzzle" has key feature: asymmetry. the work, fact, must moderately difficult for the requester side, yet easy check for the network. this idea also known cpu cost function, client puzzle, computational puzzle cpu pricing function. all network miners compete the first find solution for the mathematical problem that concerns the candidate block. this problem problem that cannot solved other methods such through brute force. essentially, the problem requires large number attempts solve. when miner finally finds the right solution, they announce the network and the same time receive cryptocurrency prize (the reward). the fantasy gold blockchain's case reward fantasy gold coins provided the protocol. from technical point view, the mining process operation inverse hashing: determines number (nonce), the cryptographic hash algorithm block data results less than given threshold. this threshold, called "difficulty", what determines the competitive nature mining: the more computing power added the network, the higher this parameter increases, thereby increasing the average number calculations needed create new block. this method also increases the cost the block creation, pushing miners improve the efficiency their mining systems maintain positive economic balance. what are masternodes? masternodes help secure the fantasy gold network making more decentralized and providing consensus for every transaction. masternodes are nodes (servers) that run the fantasy gold wallet software that provide additional services the network, including instant and private transactions. for providing these important services, masternode owners are rewarded portion each block. block rewards will split between pos and masternodes. please see the block rewards and circulation table below for breakdown. these changes the block reward split and the switch from proof--of -work proof--of--stake happen automatically and are hard -coded into the fantasy gold blockchain and cannot changed any one-person, central authority bad actor. are able give the times which changes will occur because these events are programmed take place when the blockchain reaches certain height number blocks. the genesis block, first block created, block zero and new block created every seconds. the second block spacing means that blocks will created every hours. what proof -of- stake? (pos) unlike the proof--of -work (pow), where the algorithm unfairly rewards mass-miners solving resource-exhausting mathematical problems with the goal validating transactions and creating new blocks unevenly distributed rate, proof-of-stake (pos) rewards all holders the coin creating new blocks deterministic way, depending wealth, also defined "stake". once fantasy gold switches pos network, wallets holding fantasy gold will "mint" coins letting them mature. the minting process involves first holding coins wallet, then unlocking that wallet, and simply staking those coins. wallets that stake will earn percent the block reward, this will begin block this algorithm, known proof--of-stake allows users generate more coins without the need for any specialized mining hardware with the expense higher electricity costs. because its advantages, pos better protocol than proof-of-work validate transactions and achieve the same distributed consensus. still algorithm, and the purpose the same proof-of-work, but the process reach the goal more efficient. specifications dark gravity wave dark gravity wave employed fantasy gold from the start method retargeting pow difficulty. uses simple moving average that can respond large nethash increases dropoffs just few blocks. this alleviates the "stuck block effect" often caused multipools and prevents one person adding substantial amount computing power from instantly solving more than few blocks. specification descriptor ticker fgc algorithm nist rpc port port block spacing seconds difficulty algorithm dark gravity wave block size mined/minted maturity blocks minutes) confirmation blocks minutes) circulation year) fgc circulation years) fgc block rewards pos protocol support ipv, ipv, tor pos blackcoin pos block rewards and circulation pow will effect until block the block reward masternodes and miners. block fantasy gold will start its pos phase where block rewards will masternodes and staking wallets. block (,, fgc) was used swap team and community's held dfscoin fantasy gold coins rate dfs fgc. subsidy blocks pos circulation nist hashing what nist? the national institute standards and technology (nist) opened public competition november develop new cryptographic hash algorithm sha-, which augments the hash algorithms specified the federal information processing standard (fips) secure hash standard (shs). the competition was nist's response advances the cryptanalysis hash algorithms. nist received sixty--four submissions october and selected fifty--one first- round candidates december fourteen second--round candidates july and five third -round candidates blake, grostl, jh, keccak and skein, december advance the final round the competition. eighteen months were provided for the public review the finalists, and october nist announced the winning algorithm the sha- competition keccak. nist chains together the final-round candidates for sha- hash competition, which were all selected for their performance security (blake grostl keccak skein). for more information the nist competition see here: http://nvlpubs.nist.gov/nistpubs/ir//nist.ir..pdf feature set masternodes masternodes are, decentralized network servers that serve the fantasy gold blockchain. masternodes perform important network functions and receive part the block rewards. masternodes help the fantasy gold ecosystem stabilizing coin supply, processing transactions, and securing the network. masternodes require fantasy gold coins activate and modest technical knowledge operate. any fantasy gold wallet holding least fantasy gold coins can set masternode. obfuscation coin mixing fantasy gold has obfuscation features, based coinjoin, coin mixing done decentralized fashion through masternodes allowing for additional layer privacy. while not perfectly anonymous, obfuscation via node mixing has security advantages over normal bitcoin transaction. for example, all bitcoin transactions are transparent. for fantasy gold, bad actor gained control over the operating masternodes they would still have less than chance de-anonymizing single transaction that was mixed with rounds obfuscation (kiraly b). this important feature provides high -level anonymity and security for fantasy gold users that elect obfuscate their transactions swifttx masternodes, like simple nodes, are authoritative nature, but using swifttx provides masternodes with the ability lock and consensus transactions. when transaction submitted the network, group masternodes validate the transaction. those masternodes reach consensus the transaction's validity, they are locked for later introduction into the blockchain, greatly increasing transaction speed compared conventional systems (like bitcoin's -minute block times with multiple confirmations). swifttx makes possible for multiple transactions take place before block the network mined with the same inputs. this system based dash's instantsend. (kiraly a). sporks the fantasy gold network employs the multiphase fork mechanism known "sporking". this enables the fantasy gold network implement new features while minimizing the chances unintended network fork during rollout. spork changes are deployable via the network and can turned and off necessary without requiring node software updates (strophy this feature extremely useful and allows the network react quickly security vulnerabilities. tor ipv masternodes fantasy gold users will able run their masternode from either onion address ipv address. with tor masternode support, masternodes can run tor hidden service. this allows users operate masternodes out their home network without revealing their home location, thereby avoiding dangers potential cyber-attacks. governance system the fantasy gold community the most important factor behind the long-term success the project, and their ability meaningfully influence the future the coin paramount. delaying the activation this system will give time develop the underlying framework necessary for positive user experience and maximize block rewards available miners and masternodes. will utilize multi-phase process for creating and submitting proposals. each step will need fully completed. failure complete the steps outlined will likely result proposal not being activated. basic outline these steps are follows: start our discord chat and talk with some the seasoned users. gauge interest and the response positive, move the next phase. utilize multiple social media platforms discuss and get feedback. remember that fantasy gold has diverse user base and differing levels governance participation, reaching portion the user base will often require some footwork. take note these discussions and able cite them the formal pre-proposal. the more citations provided, the better. open suggestions from the community and developers. flexible and willing incorporate external ideas and suggestions your proposal. create formal pre-proposal the governance->pre-proposal section our website. provide citations for all discussions that occurred from the previous step. treat your preproposal what will submitted the blockchain for voting. upon completion these steps, you will submit your proposal the blockchain. prepared for two fees, one the time submission and ballot fee paid the developer that activates your proposal the blockchain. the submission fee non-refundable, and the balloting fee will only paid upon approval and activation your proposal. everyone free adjust their proposal include the reimbursement cost these two fees. please make sure your formal proposal you state that you are adding reimbursement the stipend requested. sure get back touch with everyone you spoke with your idea will voted on. for proposal paid out, the eligible masternodes must vote 'yes' your proposal. this process getting consensus can much harder than sounds, diligent, informative, and respectful procuring the votes necessary for your proposal paid. conclusion fantasy gold masternodes offer the fantasy sports and esports industries platform where their payment processing gateways will help pay for themselves rather than being unnecessary additional cost. ultimately, fantasy gold offers secure means save the fantasy sports industry and the esports industry hundreds millions dollars per year merchant fees. planned updates its open-source decentralized blockchain allow fantasy sports developers build and integrate their own applications, distributed content, and more. fantasy sports developers can already take advantage our daily fantasy sports api located https://api.draftdaily.com references aumasson, l.m., jean- phillipe henzen, sha- proposal: blake. available at: https://.net/blake/blake.pdf. bertoni, g., daemen, j., peeters, van assche, g., the keccak sha- submission. available at: https://keccak.team/files/keccak-submission-.pdf bitcoin core team, t., bitcoin developer reference. available at: https://bitcoin.org/en/developer-reference#block-headers bulwark whitepaper: available at: https://bulwarkcrypto.com/bulwark_whitepaper_v..pdf chang, s.-j., perlner, r., burr, w.e., turan, m.s., al., third- round report the sha- cryptographic hash algorithm competition. available at: http://nvlpubs.nist.gov/nistpubs/ir//nist.ir..pdf. crosby, m., nachiappan, pattanayak, p., verma, s., al., blockchain technology. available at: http://scet.berkeley.edu/wp-content/uploads/blockchainpaper.pdf ferguson, n.l., schneier, s., whiting, b., bellare, d., al., the skein hash function family. available at: http://www.skein-hash.info/sites/default/files/skein..pdf gauravaram, p., knudsen, l.r., matusiewicz, k., mendel, f., al., grostl sha- candidate. available at: http://www.groestl.info/groestl.phttp://www.skein-hash.info/sites/default/files/skein..pdfdf. jakiman, pivx purple paper. available at: https://pivx.org/wpcontent/uploads///pivx-purple-paper-technincal-notes.pdf kiraly, b., instantsend. available at: https://dashpay.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/doc/pages//instantsend. kiraly, b., privatesend. available at: https://dashpay.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/doc/pages//privatesend. nakamoto, s., bitcoin: peer -to -peer electronic cash system. available at: https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf okupski, k., bitcoin developer reference., pp.-. available at: https://lopp.net/pdf/bitcoin_developer_reference.pdf. strophy, understanding sporks. available at: https://dashpay.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/doc/pages//understanding+sporks. wiecko, r., dash instamine issue clarification. available at: https://dashpay.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/oc/pages//dash+instamine+issue+clarifica tion. wu, h., the hash function jh. available at: http://www.ntu.edu.sg/home/wuhj/research/jh/jh_round.pdf.