whitepaper october fast access blockchain highly scalable public blockchain network fast access blockchain foundation west bay road, cayman islands --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co technical partner: enterprise system inc. hood road, markham lre canada catalog abstract summaries principles and philosophy the project design design principles philosophy technical facts how overcome the inherent weaknesses current blockchain technologies implementation measures technical solutions system overall architecture foundation blockchain kanban data kanban verifying transaction validity constitution kanban foundation blockchain network kanban configuration requirements implementation the foundation blockchain the annex blockchain annex-chain technical structure the value and trust mechanism maintenance annex chain the first block annex chain core architecture annex-chain address format scar account and transaction transaction state annex chain annex chain transaction processing flow block processing flow annex chain double spending attack prevention annex chain settlement annex chain account hierarchical annex chain architecture value system and consensus the annex chain open storage network (osn) design the open storage network core architecture osn the incentive mechanism the osn value system abstract: the blockchain for high performance enterprise and ecommerce applications. the use blockchain enterprise applications significantly hindered the limitations the currently existing systems. the bitcoin public blockchains not have the levels transaction processing performance required for enterprise applications. the complexity developing applications for/on the bitcoin blockchain cans make difficult and time consuming for developers unfamiliar with the underlying technologies. the fast access blockchain(fab) capable processing million transactions per second while maintaining security, double spend protection, and decentralization. the fab universal framework application development layer shields developers from the underlying complexity the blockchain and makes easier and faster for them deploy applications. this makes possible rapidly deploy blockchain applications and make them available for monetization the fab application marketplace. fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co summaries scalability one the major bottlenecks public blockchain platforms. while the successful operation bitcoin, ethereum and similar systems has inspired great enthusiasm for blockchain technologies, the transactional capacities are severely limited most the blockchain platforms that are available. the most popular platforms bitcoin and ethereum are able handle more than seven fifteen transactions per second. this level performance unacceptable for enterprise level applications. almost any business application will exceed the transactional capability the existing blockchain platforms. simple applications like ecommerce websites need more capability and more intensive systems and supply-chain automation internet thing platforms will never able perform business level speeds with what available today. the very nature public blockchain networks are constrained nodes whose functions and degree participation may differ significantly. most experts agree that that there simple way break through this barrier working with the base system and instead another solution must pursued. there seems ever increasing demand the enterprise sector use blockchains for the underlying processing business applications. this makes the quest for solution the transactional performance issues critical, while still maintaining the benefits gained from using blockchain platforms. this paper proposes the fast access blockchain network (fab). fab complete solution for constructing practical public blockchain ecosystem with high scalability, effective security, reliability, decentralization and the flexibility develop multiple application types. fab based upon dedicated underlying protocolized framework design, middle layer smart contract enforcement, and upper layer functional architecture implementation. will allow blockchain technologies succeed real commercial use cases. fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co fab foundational blockchain composed three key components: the foundation blockchain the annex blockchain and the open storage network these three components are designed with unified protocol and streamlined logic process. they integrate with each other create complete ecosystem with features powerful scalability, strong reliability and true decentralization. principles and philosophy the project design the strict design logic the fab network based upon rigorous design principles and philosophies. the distinctive nature blockchain platforms conflict with enterprise application requirements. order for blockchain used applications like supply chain automation, the network must able perform the demands the full scope the applications intended for their use. design principles constructing trust one the core missions blockchain applications able build trust across trustless system. decentralization primary feature all blockchain systems that their very nature, they are decentralized and decentralization the building block for building trust. you cannot have one without the other public blockchain system. open source open source critical the idea public blockchain and makes the entire ecosystem examinable and more trustworthy for everyone involved. fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co diagram principles and targets relations project design philosophy building blockchain system according the above design principles will controversial. there will claims that you cannot make the system decentralized, scalable, and reliable the same time. currently, blockchain system decentralized and scalable, unreliable. scalable and reliable, then becomes centralized. decentralized and reliable, unable scale up. after much research, the following four declarations are stated support the philosophy that decentralization, scalability, and reliability can realized simultaneously: trust built out distrust blockchains secure trust between parties that not trust each other securing and recording transactions across the network. scalability may possible non-scalable environment decentralized public blockchain non-scalable while specific nodes may scalable, because specific node may equipped with more powerful processing devices. fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co centralization convertible decentralization possible convert centralized structure into decentralized one without reshaping the entire system. reliability can created from unreliable system disconnecting related elements unreliable system possible convert into reliable system. technical facts accordance with the principles system design, focusing the core characteristics public blockchain systems along with the requirements practical business applications, need address the philosophical contradictions, which not only requires theoretical solutions, but also the need for viable technical solutions. how overcome the inherent weaknesses current blockchain technologies overcome the hindrances performance, propose theoretical resolution constraints dislocation. our idea build decentralized infrastructure using three primary components: the foundation blockchain, the annex blockchain and open storage network. each these infrastructure components has advantages and disadvantages, but when combined together each component's disadvantages can addressed with another component's advantages. this allows connect one component another closed loop, which turn creates complete platform that decentralized yet scalable and reliable. the design ideology: open public blockchain the foundation blockchain highly decentralized and very reliable but has poor scalability. its purpose the primary trust provider and final decision maker the chain. expected process normal amount data with ordinary calculation ability and moderate network bandwidth. the basis decentralized ecosystem. adoption auxiliary blockchain the annex blockchain can highly scalable for local implementation. necessary component the entire platform, but potentially centralized and untrustworthy. open storage network (osn) this decentralized data storage and consensus mechanism. off- fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co chain data storage can scalable but unreliable and untrustworthy and cannot constitute completely decentralized system itself. each the three components has defects, but when joined together will shown they make ideal blockchain ecosystem. implementation measures conceptually our solution makes sense, but just using the new concepts not enough. our solution requires additional technical components order make successful and ensure the adherence the design principles mentioned above. there are three key technical components that make possible for achieve our goals stated above: kanban smart contract address router (scar) sharding these three components work conjunction with the foundation blockchain, annex-chain and osn. sharding taken from existing big data technology and used for rapid data queries and consensus decision making throughout the ecosystem. kanban and scar are two new concepts are introducing the blockchain system. sharding the fab system different than normal big data applications, follows rule for blockchain global searching, i.e., it's diagram close loop constraints dislocation fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co compatible with the protocol defined the foundation chain. foundation blockchain kanban annex chain scar open storage network mapreduce forms the complete solution. order make the platform streamlined for easier implementation and wider adaptation, put forward three technology concepts: ccua cross chain unified address ccspv cross chain simple payment verification protocol cctip cross chain transaction interexchange protocol ccua used across the entire platform, while ccspv and cctip are needed connect third party blockchain systems, are omitted this paper covered another paper. these concepts provide not only comprehensive theoretical and technological support build ideal public blockchain, but provide the means for preventing double-spending attack the annex-chain, removing transaction partner account association well simplifying transaction verification procedure. with the help these measures, can break through the bottleneck blockchain scalability, enabling construct real decentralized, highly scalable and strong reliable blockchain ecosystem. the fab platform may the first feasible public blockchain system that meets the needs real business applications. fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co technical solutions widely recognized, that the current bitcoin blockchain infrastructure incapable handling large number transactions per second due the varied processing capabilities nodes the network and the constraints the consensus mechanism. this limitation means that impossible for enterprise performance level applications built upon the existing bitcoin blockchain. system overall architecture the fab network consists three components: the foundation blockchain, the annex blockchain and the open storage network, based the contradictory dislocation mechanism and the core rules the unified underlying protocol and consensus mechanism. each component the trustworthy eco-system. each component has its own special role the fab ecosystem create platform with mutual collaboration and mutual verification order create guarantee trust and value while solving the decentralization, scalability, and security coexistence problem the current bitcoin blockchain. overall architecture: fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co diagram the overall architecture unlike the current mainchain sidechain design applied bitcoin other blockchain platforms, fab's foundation blockchain, annex blockchain, and open storage network mechanism designed from the ground that the data encryption/decryption algorithm and verification process are compatible with each other. decentralized system with high efficiency and security assurance. avoids the centralization problem and improves efficiency and makes the system safe, reliable and flexible for configuration. one can freely join the network node with powerful local transaction processing capability. the design ideology the fab system that the base blockchain uses the minimum data volume, calculation capability, and network bandwidth requirements provide the core underlying protocol, the smart contract, the root ledger, and will have the final decision rights over all transactions. the annex chain the local node performs large-scale local off-chain transactions for its business needs. the open storage network ensure fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co that the local data the auxiliary chain can stored decentralized way. three key technologies are introduced the proposal: kanban, scar and ccua. these technologies enforce the states local transactions the annex-chain and can updated and monitored globally real-time across the entire blockchain network, order prevent double-spending and make the system meet the need for large scale transaction scenarios. this can include exchanges, iot, ecommerce, supply-chain, medical services, etc. order enforce decentralization for local transactions, the open storage network will introduced with economic incentives and mandatory rules. enforced smart contracts and consensus mechanism force the auxiliary chain localized nodes support the use decentralized storage. the incentive mechanisms for the foundation blockchain are mining rewards and transaction fees. the incentive mechanisms for the annex-chain are business profits, local transaction fees, and decision-making rewards the consensus. the incentive mechanism the open storage network the data, the storage fee, and the rewards consensus. fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co foundation blockchain the foundation blockchain the root the system. focused upon minimum data volume, minimum calculation amount, and the minimum network bandwidth requirements. contains the base protocol, the root ledger, the smart contract, and the value and trust system final decision rights. the foundation blockchain's legitimacy comes from all participating nodes. the foundation blockchain will use proof-of-production (pop) consensus mechanism conjunction with actual productivity. specific type proof stake(pos), but proof work consensus mechanism similar bitcoin's will used until sufficient scale production can achieved. partition function foundation blockchain full node diagram partition function foundation blockchain full node addition the common blockchain, the wallet, miner, routing system, virtual machine and other functional modules, the foundation blockchain introduces kanban function. kanban means "watching board" chinese, which comes from the modern supply-chain manufacturingchain system where workers are engaged fixed process work, but the kanban system provides immediate information like dashboard keep track warnings changes. fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co kanban the kanban designed provide real-time updates and querying capabilities for the annex-chain transactions global context without significantly increasing the burden the foundation blockchain. special module designed prevent double-spending attacks.t the fab network, kanban runs gpu the form memory data management program inmemory database within node computer the foundation blockchain. can also run standalone computer that cooperates with the foundation blockchain providing state monitoring globally for the annexchain transaction. the kanban designed gpu-based in-memory database. the kanban does not require the resources ordinary node. this helps ensure that the foundation blockchain operates efficiently. gpu in-memory database processing far more efficient than utilizing the computer's main processor. can greatly improve the kanban's operating efficiency, that state updates and query operations for small batch records can implemented few milliseconds.t the kanban functionality facilitates decentralized transactions the annex-chain globally real-time, thereby achieving the purpose preventing double spending. however, since kanban runs the computer's gpu and takes gpu memory, the miner software which also utilizes gpu features needs segregated and run different computer.t kanban state maintenance and updates are controlled smart contracts. this provides strict validation and verification relationships between kanban, the foundation blockchain, the annex chain and the open storage network ensure that the kanban data accurate and legitimate. diagram foundation node kanban illustration fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co kanban's procedures: receive the package from the annex-chain verify the legitimacy the package verify the legitimacy the transaction update the kanban state return the receipt the annex-chain this allows kanban maintain the exact state the address account the annex-chain transaction and necessary, further verify the annex-chain's transaction details the open storage node. data kanban annex-chains table no. public key dske...vd last hash unlocked merkle root bal timestamp ewgweio hgursuaserhufdsfe goirqcskgerdafrb iyrts...gte rcghdfjcndu ... ... ... ... diagram annex chains table kanban address (account) state address balance locked timestamp mfrtfgdesr...... msetvuehfe...... ... ... ... diagram address (account) table kanban fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co unlocked transactions table txid address dskgce...vd input address amount timestamp ewgweio iyrgdts...gte rcghdfjcndu ... ... ... ... diagram unlocked transactions table kanban upon receiving data from the annex-chain, kanban verifies the legitimacy the package and the transactions within it. the transactions are valid updates the state the relevant address and returns the signed receipt proof the annex-chain and simultaneously notifies the open storage network with the updated node balance and the contract signature. the verification fails, rejects and notifies the annex-chain. kanban can supply the current state each activity real-time prevent double-spending attack. also provides the signature stub for the last block for each annex-chain confirm the validity the block and the transactions that are included.t verifying transaction validity for new transactions the annex-chain, the system validates them first through the kanban state and then the underlying blockchain transaction state. conflicts occurs address account will set priority based the timestamp and the timestamps are identical will choose hash priority. transaction conflicts, kanban will set warning flag the address the transactional conflict. when address flagged suspicious kanban will check for full validity through all transaction records the open storage network. order strengthen kanban's processing performance, was designed dedicated gpu data processing fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co program, thus kanban can take advantages node computer's gpu instead its ordinary resources, that the node computer can deal with foundation blockchain effectively. addition the rapid processing annex-chain transactions and maintenance the annex-chain address state, kanban participates the pos consensus for the annex-chain well. constitution kanban foundation blockchain network kanban may run node computer the foundation blockchain network that not used for mining may run separate computer associated with the foundation blockchain node. can also alongside the open storage network node computer independent computer that accesses the foundation blockchain and osn through the network. technically, node can kanban only node without the foundation blockchain, annex-chain, osn function activated all. since the kanban designed gpu database program, running computer gpu and occupying gpu memory, devices without appropriate graphics accelerator and enough gpu memory can not facilitate kanban. the system design does not require that all nodes the foundation blockchain equipped with kanban, but nodes with kanban have special kanban flag the nodes list. nodes without kanban functionality not participate the kanban services and not participate any annex-chain consensus mechanisms. nodes that provide kanban functionality can earn consensus rewards from the annex-chains, which are derived from transaction fee the annex-chain. possible run full node functionality computers that have higher end capabilities including the foundation blockchain, kanban, annex chains and open storage network nodes. fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co diagram foundation blockchain network (not all nodes are kanban nodes) kanban configuration requirements activate kanban functionality, node computer required equipped with proper graphics accelerator(gpu) that can run the appropriate algorithm and with ample memory handle the processing functions. the hardware requirement for the initial kanban nodes gpu with less than memory. this minimum requirement may change the amount data increases. since consensus issues will affected there forking risk for upgrading gpu hardware after kanban node running. increasing gpu hardware requirements does not affect the consensus mechanism, but may affect operational efficiency. because the kanban nodes the system are classified according performance such for and for gb, should fit annex-chain's requirement minimum. assuming that gpu memory reserved for the computer's normal operations, then reserved for annex chain related data, and the rest used for the state table for all off-chain transactions. fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co account state record will greater than bytes allowing contain about million active account state records. graphics card installed, can provide about million active account states. the system designed support kanban grouping function which allows for group kanban services for one more annex-chains. implementation the foundation blockchain the foundation blockchain refactored and improved version the bitcoin blockchain with key features added such kanban, scar and ccua. addition, virtual machine will added for serving smart contracts. the foundation blockchain will equipped with functionalities collaborate with the annex-chain well the open storage network. since the foundation blockchain designed serve the root ledger, have decreased the need for unnecessary data. fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co diagram foundation blockchain core architecture development the foundation blockchain will governed streamlined architecture free dependencies whenever possible. the goal make the system easy configure, control, and maintain. many the modules the foundation blockchain core will also used the annex-chain and open storage network. fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co the annex blockchain the annex-chain critical component the fab system. usually annex-chain node will carry large number transactions for specific business use case, such for exchange, e-commerce transactions, supply-chain automation, internet-of-things platform medical platform. business point sale scenario, annex-chain node may perform similarly how typical centralized system may perform. may carry huge amount transactions but according the system design the final confirmation value and state the off-chain transactions are implemented decentralized way via kanban. accordance with having decentralized data storage the open storage network, fundamentally guaranteed that local transactions the annex-chain with centralization and localization characteristics will have the features decentralization, security and reliability. according the system design, even annex-chain deployed designed for fraud unable cause any loss its customers, because account states are updated the kanban transaction data stored the osn and client applications. the central account the annex chain scar dominated foundation blockchain, but there nothing dominated the annex chain except calculation and communication for transaction processing. annex-chain technical structure annex chain originates from the foundation blockchain's authorization, which provides the original evidence and identity from the foundation blockchain. the annex blockchain's properties and parameters are authorized through the smart contract issued the foundation blockchain. transactional process all states will validated through smart transactions authorized the foundation blockchain, kanban, and the open storage network. the design strategy dispose the need for the primary network transmission and data processing far possible the annex blockchain and enforce the necessary transaction evidence and data submission through kanban and osn. fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co diagram schematic diagram annex blockchain structure note that the illustrated annex chain not forked from the foundation blockchain, the dotted line only represents the dependency relationship. the main difference between the annex-chain and the sidechain that the annex-chain derives and uses the foundation chain's currency directly while the sidechain always has its own currency matter how newly created. the annex chain part the entire system while the sidechain tied the main blockchain. annex blockchain contains the following key elements: the initial block, the smart contract address route (scar), the cross-chain unified address (ccua) protocol and the kanban proof. together they guarantee the reliability, security and effectiveness the annex chain's transactions. the first block the annex-chain starts from special block issued the foundation blockchain smart contract. defines special account for the annex chain known smart contract account router (scar). scar acts the agent the annex chain execute transactions between and all external accounts. the overall design the system, two independent annex blockchains can derive from the same starting block. one the value blockchain the other the business affairs blockchain, used serve the value maintenance the annex-chain and business affairs management respectively. fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co diagram complete double chain structure annex chain the value chain records value transactions and the business affairs chain records business logic and business data (hash values). this double-chain mechanism allows the system build universal functional layer between the underlying blockchain platform and the upper layer business logic support all kinds specific business application requirements. this scenario this paper limited the introduction the value chain only, the business affairs chain and the general functional layer will covered design documents. principle, the annex chain adopts the foundation blockchain value system, that is, the annex chain the foundation chain currency circulating and trading directly, but order make the platform more flexible suit variety application scenarios, the system design supports custom annex chain protocols and consensus mechanisms that allow users issue their own currency. fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co the value and trust mechanism maintenance annex chain the trust mechanism the annex chain derived from the foundation blockchain, which restricted and ruled smart contract issued the foundation blockchain. the results and the final decisions are attributed the foundation blockchain. the identity and attributes the annex chain are determined the foundation chain. the validity its transactions are subject the approval the foundation chain. the data storage osn required the foundation chain and the final settlement determined the foundation chain. the design principle the system let the annex chain bear responsibility for communication and calculation much possible while the foundation chain dominates validity and credibility. the internal value maintenance the annex blockchain will treated differently based the situation: when the annex-chain value system derived from the foundation blockchain currency, which means implemented according the foundation blockchain's protocol and consensus mechanism. bound the blockchain's smart contract, subject the blockchain's supervision and eventually accepts its decisions. when the annex chain using its own independent currency its value not derived from the foundation blockchain and transactions related the annex chain are limited conditionally. any transactions between the annex and external systems can only implemented local exchange. the foundation chain does not verify its consensus mechanism, but the foundation blockchain still has the right supervision and the final decision. the transaction verification rules are still based the foundation blockchain through smart contract. the first block annex chain when annex chain initialized, request authenticate submitted the foundation chain, this will result the the annex chain, its private public key pair, attributes, and smart contract being generated foundation blockchain. the data stored the first block along with timestamp and other data. the system supports kyc (know your customer) function optional way, confirm the owner's identity (optional). should noted that the annex chain different from the node id. one node can run multiple annex chains. each annex chain has its own independent and key pair. the same annex chain can run multiple nodes well. each annex chain will generated with unique account authenticated the foundation blockchain when initially created. identified smart contract agent route (scar). this account plays special role the only fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co unique agent the annex chain, execute transactions between the annex and externals. special account, scar ruled and operated smart contract issued the foundation blockchain, one can manipulate the account, not even the annex chain its owner. the account can only executed the foundation blockchain for transactions related addresses between the foundation chain and the annex-chain implementing the annex-chain's local transaction capabilities updating internal address state the annex chain logically. the annex chain id, its public key, and related attribute parameters are stored the kanban's annex-chain list well. the starting block annex-chain the authorization block issued the foundation blockchain, contains the verifiable the annex chain and the stored the foundation chain and kanban's annex-chain list. core architecture annex-chain the annex-chain programmatically created the foundation chain. its core structure and most its functions are the same the foundation blockchain. some modules are shared between the two chains. the annex-chain has separate consensus and miner and has more modules and options than the foundation. since annex can customize and own its own currency and transactions, can package, process, and submit data the open storage network features. the kernel the annex needs contain the package process module, the kanban communication capabilities, and the data exchange module along with the osn data manipulating module, etc. the core the annex-chain contains important component the scar process module. plays the role converting any transaction into transactions between and the origin participants and maintaining related transactions state. addition, the annex-chain needs expanded support the manipulation data storage the open storage network. the annex-chain, the kanban function optional and only required there lower layer sub chain its child chain. fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co the core structure the annex-chain shown follows: (value component only) diagram core architecture the annex chain the diagram shows the components structure the annex-chain within the system design. since the annexchain supports the business data chain, there are more modules omitted. the following covers the value chain only. address format set special rules for address formats designed within the system called the cross chain unified address (ccua). these are address-specific rules with the same address-code segment belonging the same owner and controlled the same private key. fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co the specific rules for ccua are follows. address consists four code segments, namely: address type code chain code address code verification code the address type code bytes, currently for the foundation chain's pkh (public key hash) address. for the annex chain's pkh address. the chain code takes bytes, stands for the unique the related blockchain. the foundation chain code present, the address code assumed pkh only, the annex chain and the foundation chain use the same private key and public key, their corresponding addresses are the same. the verification code taken from the first four bytes double hashing value the combined address string. any addresses with the same address-code belong the same owner and are controlled same private key, matter from which blockchain comes: aaabbbccc ysg aaabbbccc grj the two addresses with different address types and chain codes are for the foundation blockchain and the other for the annex chain with chain code au. because their address-codes are the same, the two addresses belong the same owner. transactions between the annex chain and the foundation chain only allow for addresses belonging the same owner with same address-code. when annex chain account submits settlement request the foundation blockchain, the coin must the corresponding address with the same address-code the annex chain address. address the annex chain transaction state address. the address won't change after transaction occurs, but it's state will updated. fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co the cross chain unified address protocol provides convenient means for implementing transaction verification and simplifying the management cross chain transactions. fact, the ccua not limited the fab system only. can used universal cross-chain address protocol, adapted any blockchains, for the implementation generalized management for decentralized transactions. scar account and transaction each annex chain has special account called the smart contract agent route (scar). the authority the scar limited the smart contract authorized the foundation blockchain for the execution transactions between and the annex chain counterpart. the smart contract relationship the scar established and controlled the foundation chain only. scar special transaction hub the annex chain. any transaction between two accounts the annex chain converted into transactions between the scar and the participant accounts. all transactions between the annex chain and the foundation chain other annex chains are carried out through the scar account well, that all the transactions the annex chain are turned into streamlined process. the reason for doing this that when account the annex chain submits clearance request the foundation blockchain, consent needed from related accounts. only one transaction between scar and the account and the scar manipulated the smart contract and will executed automatically miners. this reduces the amount transaction data dramatically for the foundation blockchain. addition, scar plays important role preventing fraudulent transactions related the annex-chain. the hub functionality scar appears centralized because all transactions through it, however the transaction verified the decentralized kanban and data stored the decentralized osn. the annex chain itself does not have the right adjudication, nor the exclusive rights the data, therefore fully decentralized its nature. the private key the scar controlled the smart contract manipulated the foundation blockchain. any transaction the annex chain verified smart contract and scar for legality. the transactions between any two accounts the annex chain are streamlined into transactions between the scar and the participant accounts. for transaction between account and the annex chain: a->b a->scar, scar->b; fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co for transaction between the annex and the foundation: a->x a->x, x-scar, scar->x; for transaction between the foundation and the annex: x->a x->scar, scar->x, x->a; for transaction between different chains: a->b a->scar, scar->scar, scar->b. kanban will always keep the scar's overall state annex chain. the state can verified and confirmed calculating the annex chain's utxo collection. transaction state annex chain the fab system defines four states for valid transactions the annex chain. the states are executed, witnessed, confirmed, and completed and represent four different transaction states respectively. when the annex chain receives transaction, the transaction executed and generated and completed locally few milliseconds. this internal transaction the annex chain. the annex chain one single full node, equates centralized transaction. the trustworthiness the transaction this state equivalent the trustworthiness the annex chain whole. when the annex chain submits the transactions package kanban and receives the kanban's confirmation, now witnessed state. typically this state can achieved several seconds few minutes from the time the transaction initiated. since submitted the kanban, the state the transaction maintained the kanban and its trustworthiness enhanced. since the submission kanban the annex chain's initial purpose, not manipulated the foundation blockchain. therefore, the number kanban confirmations taken important parameter measure the trustworthiness the transaction. the higher the number, the more reliable the transaction. the block generated the annex chain and validated the kanban and stored the open storage network system. the state the transaction then confirmed. typically should complete few minutes from the time the transaction initiated. once submitted the osn the data storage decentralized and the transaction trustworthy. similar the kanban confirmations count, the higher the number osn nodes that are submitted, the higher the trustworthiness the transaction. when account submits the settlement the foundation blockchain and completes, the transaction state completed, depends when the account submit. this case, the transaction associated with the account has been submitted the foundation blockchain, has the highest level trust. fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co generally, transaction witnessed state basically risk-free. small transaction can regarded reliable, while transaction confirmed state means has sufficient security guarantees. large transaction can recognized assured. since the credibility the witnessed state determined the confirmation number the kanban, the credibility the confidence state determined the number storage nodes submitted. the fab will supply set dedicated apis provide simple means judgment through smart contracts for client applications. annex chain transaction processing flow the annex chain transaction needs verified kanban prevent double-spending attacks and transactions are valid only through the kanban's verification and receipt kanban confirmation. annex chain transaction processing flow shown below: fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co diagram annex chain transaction processing flow after receiving the package submitted the annex chain, the foundation chain verifies the package and then verifies the validity the record the packet. there problem the packet will rejected and notification will sent the annex chain. passes validation the transaction state kanban will updated and will place the transaction the unsettled list, sign it, and send the confirmation the annex chain. when annex chain receives denied notification from the kanban, will remove the problem item and repackage submitted. package data and transaction records both the annex-chain and the kanban should exactly the same order and have the same timestamp and each sent packet contains the hash value the previous packet, order minimize data transmission. when node generates block through pos, only needs notify the hash value the last packet. fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co packet sent the kanban the foundation blockchain the annex-chain contains one more transactions. transaction validated globally after the annex-chain receives verification from the kanban. the more kanban confirmations received the annex-chain, the higher the trustworthiness the transaction. the transactions the annex chain are packed and sent kanban the annex chain. the kanban nodes not automatically propagate other nodes. block processing flow annex chain the annex chain, the blocks are generated the pos consensus mechanism annex chain nodes, kanban and osn nodes, they can verified kanban the open storage framework. block's validation confirmation condition for the client application that the block passes validation, the block its downstream blocks are signed the kanban and the block data stored the osn nodes. the transactions the annex chain are packed and sent the kanban nodes annex nodes and the kanban nodes are longer able propagate automatically. when block mined node according the annex's consensus will propagated between nodes the annex network. the data transmitted includes nonce, the last packet id, and the merkle root. nodes involved the network include all annex chain full nodes, mining participating the kanban, and mining participating the osn nodes. after block mined the annex chain, will broadcast its participating osn node. double spending attack prevention annex chain the fab system designed with strong ability prevent double-spending attacks the annex chain. the annex chain invulnerable double spending attacks and can not implemented all. the states all the annex chain's internal accounts are updated locally. any node the annex chain can obtain the status easily real-time. fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co the annex chain deployed for fraud, the client application validates the transaction's validity through the kanban and the open storage network. the kanban and open storage network's validation mechanism will determine whether client fraud annex chain fraud. client fraud, the transaction invalid and the suspicious account the transaction will tagged with warning flag the kanban. the annex chain the source location the fraud will call the smart contract the kanban invoke the investigation process. the review process will validate all unlocked transactions the annex chain and it's privileged scar account will frozen until the completion the investigation. the annex chain determined fraud will suspended and can only re-activated upon request and via successful vote the majority all the participants kanban nodes. case double-spending attack between the annex chain and the foundation chain the fab system limits transactions between the annex chain and the foundation chain that funds can only transferred related ccua addresses. there possibility for double-spending attacks vulnerability eliminated the annex chain. cross annex chain double-spending attack when attack occurs between two more annex chains. there are several different cases that need considered: all the annex chains involved are honest and the attack was initiated the client only: this case, the transaction cannot verified through the kanban, the open storage network, and the annex chain nodes and the client can not obtain the state the related account time, the transaction fails; the case where only part the annex chain nodes participating the attacks are dishonest: the client can verify the validity the transaction through the kanban and the open storage network, but does not just through the annex chain nodes. the transaction seems fraudulent, then the review process the kanban osn will invoked investigate the involved client and annex chains; the case where all the annex chains are involved the double-spending attack are dishonest: clients can verified with the kanban and the open storage network. fact, due the establishment the scar channels and ccua, the more annex chains involved the cross-chain transaction, the higher difficulty for successful attack because more verifications the attack process. the kanban and the open storage network play critical roles the process preventing double-spending fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co attacks. addition, because the annex chain's initiated time and its transaction amounts history stored the annex-chain table, the kanban and the osn, can referenced the annex-chain's credit clients. diagram verification relation the whole system settlement annex chain account transactions the annex chain are valid and effective globally. that implemented and assured through the decentralized kanban and the open storage network. the account state the annex chain always synchronized with the related kanban, and the blocks containing the detailed transaction records are submitted and stored the open storage nodes. this required and enforced the kanban. fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co when annex chain account submits request the foundation blockchain for settlement, even the annex chain disappeared, crashed hacked, otherwise not available, the settlement can implemented successfully because the decentralized kanban and open storage network maintain the full state and detailed transaction records. due the establishment the scar mechanism all annex chain related transactions are converted into transactions between client accounts and the scar. while the scar controlled smart contracts the foundation blockchain, the settlement can performed without the consent the other parties. after settlement, the related account the annex chain cleared and the related records the kanban are deleted well. the annex chain itself can request settlement specific account all accounts only through the scar account. the most extreme situation, settlement requested the scar only one transaction but can contain hundreds even thousands outputs and may refer millions local transactions the annex-chain. that how the fab system handles large number transactions while eliminating the need for the main foundation blockchain handle them. hierarchical annex chain architecture annex chain not limited one layer, can hierarchical with multiple layers the system design. shown below: diagram hierarchical annex chain architecture the hierarchical multi-layer annex chain architecture new annex-chain that can derived from existing fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co annex chain. the existing annex-chain called the parent chain, and the newly derived chain called child chain. the hierarchical annex-chain system, the kanban the child chain placed and maintained the parent chain nodes and the annex chain core program contains the kanban module. can configured and activated needed. since the first byte the four-byte chain-code segment the ccua address used express the depth and the remaining three bytes are used for the chain numbers, the entire system can layers annexchains and each layer can have annex chains. value system and consensus the annex chain fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co the annex-chain uses the same value system the foundation blockchain, because the foundation chain's currency circulating and trading the annex-chain directly. the only prerequisite that all its antecessors use the foundation currency. however, the fab system supports the annex-chain customizing its own value system and consensus mechanism. the purpose this enhance the fab ecosystem's flexibility and adaptability. for the sake enterprise use cases, annex-chain can issue its own currency maintain its own independent value system. the multi-layer architecture, the parent chain kanban maintains the transaction and account state for its child chains. the annex-chain uses the same currency its parent chain, then transactions between them can implemented freely. the child chain uses its own currency which different from its parent's, transactions between them are limited in-layer conversion first. fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co open storage network (osn) the open storage network one the three major components the fab system, critical for building decentralized ecosystem. design the open storage network the open storage network fully supports the value-chain transaction, the business affairs chain transaction, and the related business data. utilizes the map/reduce function model with mapreduce technology enable fast big data queries. the open storage network not only supports quick queries for blockchain-based data and transactions, but also supports quick queries content-based public information relates the business affairs chains while still serving the fab system. this allows fab serve the building blocks for next generation search engine the blockchain era. the fab system designed stimulate the incentive mechanism attract service providers join in. there are three aspects this strategic design. the first take storage fee income. the second support the use mapreduce function participate the annex chain's consensus and obtain profit decisionmaking. the third take benefit from the public open business data the basis for next generation search engine. order support large volume communication and big data concurrency, the system architecture design scheme uses sharding technology the database layer support the horizontal expansion the database. sharding technology can used the annex-chain well for processing ultra-large numbers transactions. overall logic architecture osn: fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co diagram overall logic architecture osn the design the entire storage system, like the public blockchain system, uses open system architecture where service providers and users are free join in. core architecture osn addition the data storage architecture, the open storage network has protocol connection, connection management capabilities, and communication interface that compatible with the blockchain. this makes easier for osn node join the network. fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co the open storage network node participates the annex-chain consensus mechanism through the network well. open storage network node may associated with multiple annex chains and provide data storage services for them while participating multiple annex-chain consensus mechanisms. core architecture osn: diagram core architecture osn fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co the incentive mechanism the osn the incentive mechanism the open storage network developed smart contracts from the foundation blockchain. principle the storage node can freely formulate its storage rate, however the rate will taken parameter join the pos consensus mechanism. the higher the rate, the lower the voting power. the formula for calculating the weight is: w=v/r where: voting weight; voting value; storage rate. osn node's immediate income includes storage fees and pos decision-making rewards. other potential income could the data source which the basis the search engine capabilities discussed above. fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co value system the fab system uses unified base currency system fabcoin, which abbreviation fast access blockchain. the value basis the entire ecosystem and used all three major components standard value unit for any fees, costs, rewards, spending and exchanging. the project has fixed total million coins, which million are reserved for development and marketing. million are distributed through ico and the remaining million are produced mining. initially the mining mechanism similar that bitcoin's. fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co references method validating external data block bitcoin transaction construct new blockchain, paul liu using smart contract account routing (scar) streamline transactions, paul liu method constructing scalable blockchain using kanban update off-chain state, paul liu bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system, satoshi nakamoto the business blockchain-promise, practice and application the next internet technology, william mougayar omni layer specification, https://github.com/omnilayer/spec enabling blockchain innovations with pegged sidechains, adam back blockchain blueprint for new economy, melanie swan mastering bitcoin, andreas antonopoulos, o'reillay, first edition, december fab fast access blockchain --- info@fa.biz fabcoin.co