whitepaper version (.) table contents-- abstract introduction current situation our solution market potential model portfolio business revenue model development roadmap technology platform crowd token contribution fdx token utilities fidentiax foundation team behind fidentiax blockchain development team disclaimer appendix glossary reference content page page abstract-- the life insurance industry generates billions dollars premiums every year. alone, the total market size for premiums the oecd region reporting countries) was more than us$. trillion dollars. emerging asia will the fastestgrowing market for life insurance with estimated real compounded annual growth rate .%. oligopoly, insurers have traditionally been able benefit from the opacity and byzantine operating standards the sector. one the many examples this the inability the insured monetize their policies. most people not realize that policies with cash value can traded the market for higher cash value, that is, individual could sell his policies third party instead surrendering the policy. policy lapses and surrenders were excess us$ billion dollars the alone, which estimated us$ billion policies) could have been resold the market. this also the case for companies due employee turnover. the individuals who purchase and maintain the policies rely practices that are handed over without comprehensive understanding the necessary obligations and task, relying agents third-party advisors assist when the need arises. agents and advisors themselves change over time, resulting late premium payments, void claims and biased portfolio that does not serve the current needs the individual and company. fidentiax the world's first marketplace for tradable insurance policies. our vision create trading marketplace and repository insurance policies for the masses leveraging blockchain technology. this blockchain-powered marketplace will provide trustless, immutable, auditable and transparent environment disrupt the status quo. fidentiax open source foundation (fosf) will setup with the mission proliferating the adaptation blockchain technology the insurance industry. there are many advantages buying insurance policy the open market. for example stable returns (superior similar asset class with the same risk ratings); fixed tenure; liquidity; and low correlation with other asset classes. the minority policyholders who know they can extract higher value from their policy face challenges finding interested buyers there recognizable marketplace. buyers looking add policies their investment portfolio are confronted with similar, not more, barriers safely executing the purchase. the disintermediation the industry also necessary the after-service fulfilment the insured. many traditional companies have focused creating value using technology enhance periodic portfolio review, advisory record keeping, but there bigger opportunity ensuring the immutability and the peace-of-mind transition when the unfortunate circumstance claim arises. whether the policyholder individual company, the fact remains that many individuals not update their next kin beneficiaries when they change their portfolio will. http://www.iii.org/fact-statistic/industry-overview http://www.oecd.org/finance/insurance/globalinsurancemarkettrends.htm http://www.lisa.org/life-policy-owners/consumer-blog/blog////lapsed-life-insurance-policies-an-astounding-number abstract page introduction-- insurance, means for transferring distributing risk from the insured the insurer, has been around early the century bc. chinese merchants 'transferred' 'distributed' their cargo before embarking dangerous voyage lower their risk. babylonian traders took insurance further hedging their risk with additional payment lenders write-off their loan the shipment was stolen lost sea. the first life insurance policy was written the early century and has since morphed from single application into numerous iterations with many product innovations. there are insurance policies addressing every need individual through their life stages, for example, endowment, whole life investment-linked term, universal life, key-man with various riders such critical illness, terminal illness, premium waiver etc. the potential market size for surrendered policies hong kong, japan, korea, malaysia and singapore alone exceeded us$ billion and yet there recognizable marketplace (online offline) for policyholders and buyers transact. fidentiax will disrupt the status quo and break the tethers the insurance companies empowering policyholders monetize their policies. this also fantastic opportunity for demonstrate the numerous advantages building portfolio tradable policies with stable returns and developing trustless platform for trading these policies. xchange with confidence. the insurance industr dominated monopoly few major players that have been innovating and coming with new products and features grow their business empire. the same cannot said for the after-sales options available policyholders. the oligopolistic nature the industr has resulted policyholders being tethered one insurance giant and having play their rules, although the holder the policy the very reason for the existence the insurance company. one example would the lack options for policyholders facing change their financial circumstance change their needs. many policyholders are under the impression that they can only back the insurer surrender the policy, subject themselves above-market interest rates borrow against their own asset. there also increasing trend buyers looking purchase tradable policies from the market due the various benefits this instrument. however, they face challenges such accessibility tradable policies and the manual transfer process. these challenges have curtailed the growth this segment. introduction page current situation-- existing policy-holders policyholders facing challenging financial situation change life stage wherein their existing insurance policy longer meets their needs are faced with two options: surrender their policy existing cash value which determined the insurer and lose their protection (sum assured). this brings about added risk being unable invest another policy due their current medical condition with disadvantageous terms due age. secure fully collateralized loan (%~% quantum) their existing policy from their insurer interest rate %~%p.a. there are types policies (such investment-linked) with only one option, that is, surrender their policy, insurers are unwilling accept these policies collateral even though the interest rate charged five times that the deposit's interest. few mature markets, there the alternative selling policies third party (individual company) cash value plus negligible cash incentive. however, these companies are very selective the policies they are willing purchase, for example, endowment whole-life policies which are near their maturity date are not favoured. limited options and the lack awareness and accessibility have created inequitable situation for policyholders leading status quo which has not changed for centuries. insurance companies prefer that policyholders surrender their policies (thus releasing them from their sum-assured obligation) rather than encourage trading these policies. some regulators are trying are correcting this bias imposing advisory requirements insurers inform policyholders, before deciding surrender their policy, the availability market for traded policies. current situation page buyers increasingly, individuals and corporates are viewing insurance asset class within their investment portfolio. however barriers entry, such high mortality charges which increase with age, difficulties sourcing policies and the manual transfer process make prohibitive invest insurance policy. policies purchased from the open market have various advantages due the nature how insurance products are structured: inherent capital preservation feature cash value policy consist guaranteed and declared returns the insurers. i.e. cash value effectively preserved and backed the insurer fur thermore, insurance companies are highly regulated central banks/ governmental bodies which have stringent guidelines the reserve requirements for the insurance companies fixed investment tenure maturity date (for endowment plans) defined and allows cash flow management and portfolio planning. mortality upside policies purchased the secondar market typically focused the cash value the policy and does not price the element sum assured the event mortality the life assured. the sum assured amount could potentially significantly higher than the cash value. eliminating "setup" cost insurance original policy holder takes the brunt the setup cost the first couple years due how insurance policies are structured. the cost distribution (commission payable agents, underwriting cost, etc.) deducted the first couple years the policy. liquidity tradable policies can resold the open market surrendered the insurer for immediate liquidy smoothing returns insurance companies not typically declare all revenue earned good year and keep the undistributed returns reserve. these reserves are distributed during bad year smooth out the performance the underlying funds. the advantages purchasing tradable policy from the open market are apparent, however, getting access tradable policies from trustless and reliable platform not straightforward. there notable marketplace that provides easy access potential buyers seeking include tradable policies their portfolio. furthermore, there standardized fulfilment process for the transaction such policies, which often requires the buyer place trust the third-party provider. current situation page our solution-- fidentiax the world's first marketplace for tradable insurance policies, will membership-based ecosystem focusing the key stakeholders: policyholders providing liquidity alternative existing policyholders through transparent, fair and efficient platform which allows tokenization their existing policies. buyers developing trustless marketplace for buyers exploring tradable policies part their investment portfolio leveraging blockchain technology and its benefits provide secured transactional ecosystem. our platform features will designed and developed with these member stakeholders' needs guiding principle. fidentiax members' platform will provide the following features depending the membership category: our solution page policy ledger members auction (bid yourself individuals and companies are overly dependent the trusted intermediaries (agents) who sold them the policy provide after-sales fulfilment. however, due the high turnover intermediaries the insurance industry, the after-sales fulfilment often found wanting. fidentiax strongly believes that tradable policies should form part any investment portfolio and will conduct periodic (minimum once year) private sale for members only. when unfortunate event claim ocurrs, often falls upon the next kin the beneficiaries scour through the belongings the insured locate the necessary policy documents order make the claim. fidentiax's policy ledger breaks from the traditional reliance intermediaries creating digital ledger for policyholders: consolidate and manage your insurance policies distributed ledger. creating immutable record your policies the blockchain. premium payment alert coverage summary multi-signatory access for beneficiaries and/ trustees mortality event listing policies for tokenization database acceptable insurance policies which will include endowment, whole life, universal life, key-man, investment-linked, annuity, etc. real-time pricing engine with automated submission relevant documents for more efficient quotation. re-purchase option for policyholders who want the option buy back their policy within stipulated timeframe. policies would tokenized onto the blockchain. policy) policies from the model portfolio will auctioned for minimum number fidentiax (fdx) tokens and the auction will open for members bid the policy real-world asset). the successful bidder will take ownership the policy and could either cash out the policy add that policy their investment portfolio. believe this will add stability fdx token prices the secondary market. marketplace for purchase tradable policies marketplace browse available tradable policies for purchase. filter based key criteria (tenure, yield maturity, amount, etc) custodian services buyers could engage provide custodian services and hold the policy trust structure. facilitate payment annual premium realizing the cash value the policy memb purchas olicie marketplace will able choose between transferring the purchased policy their name engage fidentiax hold trust. portfolio builder the portfolio builder bespoke service for buyers looking customize and build portfolio tradable insurance policies. fidentiax will provide professional services for sourcing, validation and transfer the desired policies. our solution page market potential-- fidentiax will focusing building its brand within asia before executing its global expansion strategy. key focus countries within asia are hong kong, japan, korea, malaysia and singapore. these countries are selected based the following factors: size the insurance market new business generation regulatory requirements and oversight surrender value competitive landscape market potential page model portfolio-- fidentiax will construct portfolio with the objective providing superior performance against similar risk class investments. the model portfolio will used demonstrate the advantages having tradable policies part investment strategy. the returns generated from the portfolio will used fund future development the ecosystem. here are some examples portfolio performance the market: fixed income fund (higher risk relative fidentiax's model portfolio) fund size (sgd million) annual expense ratio year performance year performance epi select lmwa bond lgsf mls bond nahs fix inc fund name bond pbs bond srf income usb money market fund (similar risk relatively fidentiax's model portfolio) fund name fund size (sgd million) annual expense ratio year performance year performance cash fund lmwa -.% classic -.% model portfolio page our model portfolio will constructed with core component endowment, whole life, universal life and annuity policies with tactical allocations investment-linked policies depending market conditions and directions. examples some the policies: plan type initial outlay (sgd) projected returns value (sgd) projected returns (sgd) years maturity/ surrender projected returns maturity endowment p.a. endowment p.a. endowment p.a. endowment p.a. whole life p.a. fidentiax's model portfolio will comprised very liquid assets (tradable policies) which can converted fiat currencies within days. the comparison above provides clear indication the potential outperformance more than times that similar risk-class portfolio and higher performance relative higher risk portfolio. model portfolio page business revenue model-- fidentiax membership marketplace will generating revenue via the following: membership fees model portfolio access products and services the platform would via membership fees which will levied annual basis. building tradable-policies portfolio allows fidentiax grow its revenue via the following: transaction fees cilit (policyholders and buyers) transactions which will subjected transactional fees for selling and buying. portfolio builder providing professional services construct customized portfolios sourcing and acquiring policies from the open market according buyer's investment objectives. portfolio returns our model portfolio tradable policies could potentially return .%p.a~%p.a which significantly higher than similar risk-class portfolio. mortality upside the model portfolio main engine growth would the returns the policies, however the event the demise the original policyholder prior the maturity the policy, the policy would paid out fidentiax the owner the instrument. sale policies selected policies within the portfolio will put for sale with reasonable markup. repurchase option fee policyholders who sold their policies fidentiax will have the option repurchasing their policy within stipulated timeframe paying repurchase option fee. the repurchase option fee would dependent the type policy and timeframe the option. revenue from the model portfolio will used fund operations and development cost the marketplace. business revenue model page development roadmap-- upon successful completion the initial token offering, fidentiax will allocate the raised funds the following categories: model portfolio the funds raised will set aside purchase tradable policies from the open market create model portfolio with the following objectives: demonstrate the benefits having tradable insurance policies investment portfolio. key statistics the portfolio will shared the platform (e.g. portfolio size, average yield maturity, average investment tenure, etc.) facilitate trades the platform during the initial stage, this will done through direct acquisition policies number countries and listing them the platform. this necessary while build market awareness the first global marketplace for tradable insurance policies. utilize the portfolio returns (%p.a.~%p.a) fund future development the platform well funding non-profit foundation proliferate the adaptation blockchain technology the insurance industry. development roadmap page funds collected from the crowd token contribution will transferred trust (managed legal firm trustee) with clear mandate the utilization the monies towards building the world's first marketplace for tradable insurance policies and proliferation blockchain technology for the insurance industry. may aug ideation business concept development nov formation core team feb market research& feedback from industry leaders may aug conceptualisation fidentiax membership marketplace preparation whitepaper and legal opinion oct nov announcement crowd token contribution launch crowd token contribution feb jun launch fidentiax membership marketplace launch fidentiax model portfolio sept full blockchain-powered marketplace for tokenization policies partnership with leading insurance companies direct issuance policies onto the blockchain industry leader for policy ledger safe keep insurance policies and marketplace for tokenization policies development roadmap page technology platform-- fidentiax's platform will based customized version nxt blockchain (www.nxtplatform.org). following outline the high-level aspects the platform. tokens the platform will use different types token: crowd token contribution (ethereum blockchain) fdx currency representation tokens (ebtc, eeth, eusd, eeur, esgd, ejpy, ekrw, emyr, etc) platform unified tokens isx ctc tokens platform unified tokens currency rep. tokens token issued during initial token offering via ethereum blockchain. platform specific token pegged usd facilitate transaction within the platform. non-exchangeble, non-transferrable and exclusively used within the platform. named after their flat counterpart for members deposit their fiat exchange for isx tokens. regulatory level, sellers may only cash out the policy using the currency which the policy was issued (e.g. singapore dollars policy will only able cash out singapore dollars). allow seamless transition between currencies, fidentiax's cash management system will include various fiat currency accounts linked internal currency representation tokens which can exchanged against the platform unified token (isx) that pegged the dollar. this allows buyers top their fidentiax account purchasing isx with their preferred fiat currency, and sellers can cash out isx its usd value against the fiat currency which the policy was issued with minimum forex charges. technology platform page account management fidentiax's platform relies asymmetric cryptography manage its user accounts. this process includes the generation private key used log and digitally sign data and transactions. private key not just password, unique representation user's identity and should never shared. consequently, its safe storage extremely important, and recovery procedures are more complex. nonetheless, great majority internet/app users are used password recovery systems, fidentiax will implement hybrid method ensure the user safety and the ability recover credentials. after registration, hardware signing device can used log and sign transactions. administrators will hold special rights, allowing them transfer user metadata and policy ownership from one account another after multi-step confirmation procedure initiated the private key owner. this transfer will require the digital signatures several administrators. when user initiates account recovery procedure, administrators will: confirm the legitimacy the request. create new account behalf the user. transfer metadata, balance, and policy ownership new account. send the user new hardware signing device containing the new account's private key. technology platform page user types the fidentiax platform aims make its user experience seamless possible. because not all users will perform the same actions, three user types will defined, each focused different user role: user type sell only buy and sell users wishing sell their policies without engaging trading users wishing trade policies build portfolio membership required cannot buy policies access policy marketplace automated/semi automated kyc and policy metadata population membership required can buy and sell policies the policy marketplace access policy ledger function automated/ semi-automated kyc and policy metadata population trusted parties/ partners partner trading policies service behalf others membership required can buy and sell policies manual entry third party's kyc and policy metadata responsible for verification their clients kyc and policy metadata. technology platform page payment when user's isx balance sufficient process payment, fees will deducted from the balance. users whose balance insufficient process payment will prompted top up. top ups will available via several online payment methods using their respective apis. cash out (withdrawal) users will able cash out their balances monthly, fixed date user decides isx amount cash-out. isx amount deducted from user's balance u.s. dollar value isx transferred user's fiat account the next cash-out date. user can decide cancel the cash-out any time before cash-out date. policies policies are unique, non-duplicable objects comprising unique id, set metadata (policy details and requirements) and set supporting documents (kyc, photo the original paper policy, etc). each policy verified fidentiax before being listed the marketplace. policies previously processed through standard (off-platform) sale cycle don't require extra processing since their metadata has been verified their respective insurance companies inception. technology platform page metadata the term 'metadata' refers the set information which defines policy's content and lifecycle, including but not limited to: ownership history supporting documents url creation timestamp currency validation timestamp price supporting documents hashes policy details supporting documents supporting documents added policy will hashed and uploaded cloud storage service. calculating hashes each document will allow the verification uploaded data. technology platform page coverage launch, fidentiax will cover limited range countries and insurance companies. this number will increase with the opening local fidentiax branches process local kyc verification and regulations. know-your-customer (kyc) kyc required for every user the fidentiax platform. the future, users will able share their fidentiax kyc and policy details with other services need-to-know basis. kyc must least include: permanent currency settings for the account. this guarantees that account can only buy and sell isx tokens within the system using selected currencies (policy specific), and cannot use the fidentiax platform general currency exchange, which may expose fidentiax different class regulatory requirements. local fidentiax branches will progressively opened process country-specific kyc. consensus fidentiax's platform blockchain will based custom consensus rules, developed support and streamline the specifics insurance policy trade and its corollary regulatory requirements, including: all transactions (except trivial transactions) the fidentiax blockchain which are initiated buyer seller will implemented 'phasing transactions' which will pending until fidentiax performs the correct action verification (such changing the policy owner with the insurance provider, verifying the existence and ownership policy listed, etc.) the fidentiax blockchain will private and not directly accessible the public, with one several nodes being operated each fidentiax office. user applications will work against middleware which then operates the private blockchain. fidentiax controls the nodes and has direct economic incentive so. the public cannot directly post transactions the blockchain, and forging fees can entirely disabled. actions such buying selling policy automatically generate charge the user, the system cannot overwhelmed with bogus transactions. country offices and trusted partners run independent nodes that form the global fidentiax blockchain. this makes difficult for internal malicious actor compromise the integrity the blockchain and one the core strengths running blockchain. the status the blockchain can explored via blockchain explorer exposed only paying members other relevant parties, dictated the permissions set the middleware. encryption key exchange the fidentiax platform based the curve algorithm, which generates shared secret key using fast, efficient, high-security elliptic-curve diffie-hellman function. this algorithm implemented the same way the nxt.org blockchain, which the fidentiax blockchain based. technology platform page crowd token contribution-- fidentiax will issuing fdx tokens for crowd token contribution (ctc) with bonus program for early contributors based the following: ctc (day eth fdx bonus) ctc (day eth fdx bonus) ctc (day eth fdx fidentiax will conduct private-contribution exercise prior the public-contribution for strategic partners, company affiliates and angel investors. ctc will end after days upon reaching fdx target whichever earlier. the unlikely event that the ctc total contributions during the period less than us$mil the end ctc period, all contributions will refunded full (less off any transactional cost) contributors. any unallocated fdx after the offer period (subjected meeting the minimum funding requirement us$mil), will burnt. crowd token contribution page allocation fdx tokens the founder's interest will aligned with the growth the ecosystem and tokens will "vested" based the below: vesting period percentage months from ctc months from ctc months from ctc bounty campaign mgm program allocation will set the total token distributed during the ctc, capped fdx tokens. any unallocated fdx tokens after the ctc will burnt. crowd token contribution page bounty program member-get-member (mgm) program will launching bounty and mgm program during the ctc and tap the community spread the word fidentiax. bounty program please see bounty program announced bitcointalk.org and our website for more details. mgm program encourage participation and reward early participants the crowd contribution round, fidentiax will introduce mgm program reward both referrer and referee: tiers number referrals rewards silver total contribution (referrer/ referee) gold total contribution (referee) total contributions (referrer) platinum total contribution (referee) total contributions (referrer) mgm program will set the total token distributed under private contribution, capped fdx token first-come-first-serve basis. *referrals qualification: employees fidentiax are not eligible participate the mgm program referrer must contributor the ctc minimum fdx. self-referral will not accepted for the mgm program. minimum fdx contribution the referred party. only one referral for each referee will counted, the event that referee referred more than one referrer, the successful referral will based the submitted wallet (please refer appendix for examples the mgm program) crowd token contribution page fdx token utilities-- there are main utilities for fdx tokens issued during the ctc, namely: membership fidentiax membership-based platform whereby users need member access the range services available the platform. the annual membership fees shall payable via fdx tokens and any token collected will consumed. this would effectively decrease the total float fdx the market. for example: fidentiax's marketplace has users and each membership set fdx tokens per annual. total will consumed that year. this will reduce the total float approximately assuming the tokens were distributed during ctc. member's auction fidentiax will hold exclusive auction for fdx token holders whereby policy will put for auction significant discount off the cash value. for example: fidentiax list endowment policy with cash value discount, i.e. $,. holders fdx tokens would then able place bid the policy using fdx tokens. successful bidder would walk away with substantial discount for real-world asset which could put for sale our marketplace. exchange for platform unified token (isx) transactions fidentiax platform will conducted with platform unified token (isx) for better management forex risk and risk management (anti-money laundering). fidentiax will hold exclusive and limited sale for fdx token holders, giving them the opportunity purchase isx tokens discount. isx tokens are pegged us$. fdx token utilities page fdx token utilities page fidentiax foundation-- establishing the fidentiax open source foundation (fosf) the insurance industry, its current oligopolistic state, will consistently seek undertake innovation and transparency commercially self-beneficial manner. with its legacy systems, antiquated business models and its undying focus cross-cannibalizing each other's market share increase shareholder value, believe that altruistic technology changes can only materialize they are built open framework. the establishment the fidentiax open source foundation (fosf) will framework that built the community, serve the community. the fosf provides established framework for intellectual property and financial contributions that simultaneously limits potential legal exposure for our project committers. the fosf's seeks create equal opportunity community contributors from both developers and industry contributors successfully collaborate develop freely available enterprise-grade insurance blockchain solutions, benefiting millions users and insurers worldwide. its core focus develop, proliferate and promote open-source blockchain architecture that not owned any traditional large insurance institution blockchain development firms. the funding derived for the fosf will support, elect and facilitate panel non-partisan cross functional industry experts drive meaningful technological contributions and engage like-minded contributors become fosf members. the members will periodically elect board directors manage the organizational affairs the foundation which will adhere the fosf by-laws. the board will, turn, appoint number officers oversee its day-to-day operations with the public records the foundation made available the community the blockchain. envision future where all stakeholders the insurance industry use the solutions distributed under the fosf free-to-use license; and the community actively participates fosf activities, mentoring initiatives and development conferences. more information will made available the middle fidentiax foundation page team behind fidentiax-- alvin ang, co-founder-- multi-disciplined entrepreneur with extensive experience technology, engineering, banking and insurance sectors. alvin held senior positions standard chartered private bank and ocbc bank focusing sales strategy, wealth management, compliance and people development. passionate about leveraging technology solve real-world issues and disrupt the status quo. douglas goh, co-founder-- blockchain enthusiast with years experience banking, m&a and fintech north asia, singapore, south africa and european union. specialisation capital raising, deal sourcing and closure, due diligence and corporate structuring. current chief operations officer the uncharted group and executive director uncharted partners. extensive pre-seed and series a/b investment experience. former citi and ocbc management team. masters degree e-commerce from the university melbourne. george agiasoglou, software architect-- versatile and pragmatic software engineer with passion for technology, innovation and customer service, george keen follower the lean and agile movement (scrum, scrumban) with great focus delivery. practitioner best practices and software engineering principles such dry, solid, kiss and yagni. dr. jimmy moore, data scientist-- data science expert with extensive experience machine learning and data visualization, real-time systems for complex analysis and extracting insights from complex data. jimmy expert with passion for technology, combining innate technical aptitude with exceptional business acumen drive innovation and generate growth. long tran tranh, applications architect-- professional developer with years experience leading solution development teams asia. has extensive experience working with customers the and the uk. expert knowledge and proven track record crm, erp, cms and development and integration live media streaming solutionsexpert level programmer java and the deployment using spring mvc framework, ejb well javascript. understand solidity ethereum smart contracts, javascript connecting user interface blockchains. has created ico smart contracts, and supported clients during the campaign. team behind fidentiax page blockchain development team-- roberto capodieci, blockchain zoo founder-- roberto discovered passion for information technology the tender age the formative years the internet expanded his business reach into the online world and quickly found his company's services great demand. roberto, specialised lawful interception systems and big data analysis, also consultant law enforcement agencies. moving asia decade ago, roberto now renowned blockchain expert, associate the nxt foundation and the first apply blockchain technology supply chain and trade finance. jean-daniel gauthier, blockchain zoo founder-- co-founder debune and otdocs, jean-daniel (danny) has years experience encompassing many facets the industry. his natural affinity for languages and communication, coupled with his understanding technology its applications, allow him produce designs, documentation and explanations complex solutions accessible and beneficial all. barton johnston, blockchain zoo founder-- barton johnston largely taught himself programming during high school and now has years software development experience varied contexts including media research, game design, mobile apps and fleet tracking telemetrics, alongside years personal fascination with compression algorithms, compiler design, shader programming and anything else that gets down the nitty gritty bits and bytes. blockchain development team page disclaimer-- please read this disclaimer section before considering any action you should take. there any doubt, you should consult your legal, tax other professional advisor(s). this material provided fidentiax ltd solely for the purpose providing information only and not offer solicitation buy sell any securities other financial instruments. the information set forth above may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. every effort has been made ensure that any information/material this whitepaper accurate and date. this document way constitutes the provision investment professional advisory. fidentiax membership consumption-based product permitting members access services provided the platform. memberships are not intended for speculation and offer the holder rights in, claims to, any the assets fidentiax any way share any profits that fidentiax may achieve. interested parties the platform acknowledge concurrence the use electronic records, privacy policies, membership agreement and terms and conditions the platform. these documents are subjected change and shall made available upon request. fidentiax does not guarantee, and accepts legal liability whatsoever arising from connected to, the accuracy, reliability, completeness any material contained this document. participants and potential fdx token holders should seek appropriate independent advice prior relying entering into any commitment transaction based the information provided the whitepaper, which for reference only. this paper outlines fidentiax current vision for the platform and intend realize this vision, however, our vision dependent numerous factors and entirely possible that the platform will not implemented outlined this paper. the membership platform and its tokens are not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any form and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. fdx tokens are functional utility smart contracts within the fidentiax platform and memberships are not for speculative investment. there promise future performance, promise inherent value, promise continuing payments and guarantee that fdx token will hold any particular value. you are "u.s. person" which defined natural person residing the above-mentioned countries any entity organized incorporated these countries, citizen, and/or resident (tax otherwise). you are not eligible participant the crowd token contribution. disclaimer page appendix-- appendix examples-- silver tier (-) parties contribution amt qualified mgm reward referrer: fdx referrer fdx yes referrer fdx referrer fdx yes (*.%) fdx referrer fdx yes (*.%) fdx referrer fdx yes (*.%) fdx referrer fdx yes (*.%) fdx (++++)*.%= (*.%) fdx nil gold tier (-) parties contribution amt qualified mgm reward referrer: fdx referrer fdx yes referrer fdx referrer fdx yes (*.) fdx referrer fdx yes (*.) fdx referrer fdx yes (*.) fdx referrer fdx yes (*.) fdx referrer fdx yes (*.) fdx referrer fdx yes (*.) fdx referrer fdx yes (*.) fdx referrer fdx yes (*.) fdx referrer fdx yes (*.) fdx referrer fdx yes (*.) fdx referrer fdx yes (*.) fdx referrer fdx yes (*.) fdx referrer fdx yes (*.) fdx referrer fdx yes (*.) fdx referrer fdx yes (*.) fdx (*.%) fdx (*.%) fdx appendix page glossary-- endowment: life insurance contract designed pay lump sum after specific term (at maturity) the death the insured. used more saving rather than protection instrument. whole life: life insurance contract which remains force for the insured's entire lifetime (no fixed maturity date) provided required premium are paid. the insurer will pay lump sum (death benefit) upon the death the insured. the policy made insurance and investment components whereby the insurance component provides the payment the death benefit and the investment component builds the cash value the policy. policyholders not have the right choose how investments are made and depend the investment managers the insurers. these investments are typically in, fixed income, money market, properties, etc., lower risk asset class. investment-linked: life insurance contract similar whole life policy which remains force for the insured's entire lifetime provided premium paid. the policy made insurance and investment components whereby the insurance component provides the payment the death benefit and the investment component builds the cash value the policy. policyholders choose how investments are made selecting the underlying investment (unit trust). cash value the investment-linked policy dependent the number units held each unit trust the policy invested and value fluctuates according the price the underlying assets. term: life insurance contract for specific term which pays lump sum the death the insured. only has insurance component and policy does not build cash value over. universal life: life insurance contract similar whole life policy with added flexibility review and alter the death benefit, investment component, premium, etc. according policyholder's circumstances. unlike whole life policy, insurers guarantees minimum interest rate and should the insurance company's portfolio outperform the minimum interest rate, excess earnings may applied the cash value the policy. glossary page key-man: critical illness: life insurance for specific term the key person whose skills, knowledge, experience leadership are important business continuity. list illness defined the insurer usually for rider attached policy which will trigger payout the event diagnosis the insured. the payout could added the death benefit accelerate the pay out the death benefit. example critical illness defined life insurance associate singapore: http://www.lia.org.sg/files/document_holder/industry guidelines_-_health/lia_ci_framework__lia_definitions_ for_cis.pdf terminal illness: list illness that cannot cured adequately treated that reasonably expected result the death the insured within short period time. premium waiver: rider attached insurance policies that waives the policyholder's obligation pay any further premiums should insured become seriously ill disabled. mortality charge: amount charged the insurer for providing the coverage the insured's life, also known cost insurance. the charge determined the net amount risk under the policy, the risk classification and the age the insured. sum assured: the guaranteed amount payable the occurrence event defined the policy before any bonuses accrued the insurer. glossary page reference-- life insurance association singapore: http://www.lia.org.sg/node/ monetary authority singapore: http://www.mas.gov.sg/statistics/insurance-statistics/annual-statistics/insurance-statistics-. aspx bank negara malaysia: http://www.bnm.gov.my/index.php?ch=statistic&pg=stats_insurance&ac=&en the life insurance association japan http://www.seiho.or.jp/english/statistics/trend/ korea life insurance association http://www.klia.or.kr/eng/consumer/consumer_.do insurance authority, hong kong https://www.ia.org.hk/en/infocenter/statistics/annual_long_term_business_statistics.html reference page