making unsecured loans easy, fast and highly secure. whitepaper october disclaimer: the information this document subject change update without notice and should not construed commitment fintrux. nelson lin linkedin conrad lin linkedin (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. executive summary fintrux network the true lending ecosystem built the blockchain, powered credit enhancements and no-code generation. the platform makes easy for borrowers connect with reputable lenders and servicing agencies, save money with competitive interest rates, and get affordable loan within minutes fair and transparent process without physical collateral. fintrux network aims disrupt the way unsecured loans are being originated and administered, making unsecured loans easy, fast, and highly secure. unsecured loan loan that not protected secured any asset. this case the lender taking lot more risk and would likely charge higher interest rate. the riskier the loan, the more expensive will be. are going change that. while pursuing traditional financing, small businesses not have access loans when they most need it. banks prefer lend cash cash, and the loan amounts requested are usually too small for financial institutions efficiently. loan procured from alternative financing sources, the interest rate generally too high. finance companies only utilize few data sets evaluate sme borrower worthiness resulting poor representation credit, and traditional lenders offer high interest rates due private equity backing. additionally, capital that could have been invested small business credit has been largely locked out the market. individual investors generally lack the size and access directly invest small business credit, and while institutional investors have had some access this market, they lack the tools customize portfolios their specific risk tolerance. fintrux network comprised dynamic team skilled professionals strategy, commercial lending, operations, marketing, sales, and technology. our technology supported robocoder corporation, which has over years enterprise software development experience. the technology team has been servicing the securitization industry canada since and currently managing billions dollars assets for reputable banks and insurance companies. our team complimented with advisors and directors ranging from esteemed individuals who have held prominent positions such managing director dun and bradstreet asia, and director tng asia, chairman the elfa usa, leaders various fortune companies the telecom, banking, and technology sectors. leverage our extensive expertise and technology create ecosystem lenders, borrowers, and service agencies operating true peer-to-peer marketplace reduce the friction small business (sme) lending. our platform makes unsecured financing easy, fast, and highly secure with credit enhancements, no-code generation, and open ecosystem. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. strategy one the most important motivations securitization cost reduction, often done via credit enhancements, historically only available securitizations large portfolios. our background and technology enables create novel credit enhancers for our true lending platform, acting cascading levels insurances cover potential losses. this reduces the lender's credit risk and interest rates for borrowers lowered. our no-code generation technology enables simplify and streamline the loan application process, increasing efficiency and lowering costs. borrowers and lenders various risk profiles and tolerances can easily find each other online. open-source unique loan smart contract automatically generated and deployed fintrux network for each approved loan real-time provide unambiguous, immutable, and censorship resistant records where arbitration required and expected obligations are transparent. special instructions such refinance, prepayment, end-of-term processing, are self-executing and previously agreed upon. further enhance our offerings, invite partners join our open ecosystem such fraud and identity (kyc/aml) service agents, credit scoring and decision agents, escrow agents, collection and recovery specialists, wallets, exchanges, brokers, insurance companies and technology companies; develop new generation financial products and innovative new tools for use our platform. enabling borrowers and lenders direct access wide host financial services, create maximized opportunities and freedom make the right decisions. borrowers can choose scored variety credit scoring agencies build more comprehensive and holistic view their creditworthiness, unlocking access additional sources funding. for the first time, lenders are able choose from variety credit models from established credit decision agencies, modify reference packages, even build their own models from scratch. incented guarantors improve overall interest rates guaranteeing loans, earning portion the interest for incentive fee. service providers are offered the opportunity expand their offerings from traditional wholesale model for financial institutions, retail model selling directly consumers. all participants can rate each other decentralized review platform, offering reliable source comparability that can used for trust, assessment risk, and branding. fintrux network making decentralized financing with trust no-brainer for borrowers and lenders. our vision build ecosystem where transparency, risk reduction, and efficiency maximized ensure all participants win. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. table contents abstract executive summary ... strategy ... background market overview ... why now? ... problem ... opportunity ... competitive advantages competitive advantages ... risk addressed ... lending best practices ... technology architecture ... no-code generation ... big data ... roadmap ... beyond ... evolution platform ... use funds ... company founders ... founding team ... advisory partners ... conclusion ... fintrux network solution ... participants ... credit enhancers ... trusts guarantors ... revenue model ... token utility ... process analysis ... breakdown ... additional features ... who benefits borrowers lenders ... guarantors sps ... real world use cases ... contact ... disclosure ... references ... (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. market overview peer-to-peer ("pp") lending also called marketplace lending []. this type consumer lending the grew per cent year between and sme lending growing per cent year during the same period; the total number active borrowers almost doubled alone []. according morgan stanley, while marketplace lending was still unsecured consumer and sme lending the us, can reach and expect china, the uk, and australia follow. the global market can grow billion []. global debt rose percent the world's gross domestic product totaling us$ trillion institute for international finance report released april showed, boosted the rapid growth issuance emerging markets. global debt grew trillion compared with the prior year. issuance rose from percent gdp []. traditional local banks and credit unions offer unsecured loans. however, notably difficult get unsecured business loan through traditional lenders; especially your business relatively young and hasn't had enough time establish good credit. can also take extensive lengths time apply and get approved. generally, banks focus their operations determined geographic locations, which makes difficult for people different areas connect for purposes credit transactions. private lenders are few and far between and scattered throughout the country. there exists tougher requirements approved for private loan, the repayment method not automated. alternatively, online platform lenders such direct and peer-to-peer lenders can offer faster, easier online application process []. peer-to-peer platform lenders use other investors fund their loans. this means that the money for your business loan might originating from dozens, even hundreds individual investors all over the world. they usually offer more flexible approval and repayment terms than either bank direct online lenders, but their interest rates are generally bit higher. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. market overview just recently, amazon announced that has made billion small-business loans, ranging from for months, more than merchants the united states, japan and the u.k. during the past months. direct platform lenders issue loans from their own company's capital, just like bank, but without some the traditional requirements and limitations bank lending. result, direct lenders are often able issue loans more quickly than bank even peer-to-peer lenders, and can offer some the best rates available outside traditional lenders. however, something still missing. current traditional platforms are not true because they internalize and centralize the decision making. their operations lack transparency and lenders are not provided the tools understand and protect their investment. additionally, these platforms typically only utilize few service providers score their borrowers, leading situations where creditworthiness may under-reported. thanks the rising power decentralization can achieve much more and bring higher benefits both borrowers and lenders. since amazon lending launched has surpassed billion loans small businesses more than different countries across the globe. furthermore, amazon can without the regulatory compliance that banks must meet []. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. why now? "in the financing was done via faxing. the built system using client/server technology originate and administer financing over dialup modem and private leased line. later rewrote the same application into interactive web-based solution web today are embarking new journey enable financing web our founder nelson lin has been innovator all his life since started his career the financial-technology sector systems analyst j.p. morgan invented asynchronous call programming delivered first online credit adjudication canada, not the world invented lowcode development platform rintagi delivered lending origination systems client/server and browser based technologies generated securitization system the low-code platform patented selfgenerating rejuvenating technology kept years old systems modern ui/ux via continuous rejuvenation generated full erp systems lowcode platform turned lowcode into nocode generation open-sourced rintagi erp global collaborative projects innovated creditenhanced unsecured loan product fintrux nelson lin has been wrestling with this concept for many years, waiting for the right technology and opportunity. made his mark the finance and leasing industry creating the market's first online credit adjudication software, mentioned the book 'unstoppable' published beth parker and endorsed the canadian finance and leasing association (cfla). order communicate with the remote mainframes the credit bureaus, simulated asynchronous call functionality before even existed. nelson founded robocoder corporation reputable software design development firm and continued deliver successful solutions the financial sector. nelson invented the low-code development platform rintagi proven tool that builds mission-critical custom enterprise applications with the ability rejuvenate its applications with latest user interface, experience, and technology with just the press button. one the rintagi-built mission-critical applications delivered currently serving the pass-through securitization market north america, managing several billions dollars assets for reputable financial institutions. when the ethereum virtual machine (evm) was brought his attention early recognized the opportunity combine his experience and knowledge turn his low-code development platform into no-code development platform, with the ability generate self-executing smart programs (smart contracts) decentralized ledger. intrigued the potential, nelson engaged several existing clients who agreed further explore how this platform could reduce risk and improve liquidity, security, administration and cost the financing industry, especially between small businesses and investors. these technologies combined with risk-reduction mechanisms utilized securitization funders and open ecosystem sophisticated operators and agencies opened golden opportunity create simple trustless world borrowing and lending, starting with the simplest unsecured loan. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. marketplace lending still has problems traditional systems are inadequate lots intermediaries most financing still originated via third parties such brokers and other intermediaries. they sell their contracts banks originators who have credit lines obtained from banks. the cost the credit line then passed the borrowers. only when their portfolios get very large size the originators can securitize their contracts get lower cost funding. fragmented and inconsistent most systems employed are not fully automated, records are mutable, censored, and subject the patriot act the country domicile. furthermore, these islands data not communicate with each other, making difficult synchronize and collaborate through shared process. this adds tremendous complexity and cost for auditing. labor intensive most financing contracts are difficult understand and special instructions such refinance, prepayment, end-of-term processing, etc. are largely manually performed spreadsheets. startups and small businesses underserved there growing number small businesses, especially startups, which fail get loans from banks: the loan amount required too small for banks interested in. loans are usually brought brokers who don't earn enough incentives the smaller loans follow through. banks usually take long time reach decision. the bank's requirement for documentation very high. some small businesses not meet the internal policy parameters the banks even though they are credit worthy other standards. the new social technologies the internet have helped expand the boundaries the traditional banking system offering novel credit alternatives, such marketplace lending. these technologies helped the credit system move forward the following key points: the networking effect modernizing the whole credit-granting process increased; the segment the population covered the marketplace credit system increased; the localization issue was mitigated certain extent; the intermediation costs were reduced, the extent that the interest rates were less than most traditional bank lending rates; and the shift brought better conditions for both borrowers and lenders for evaluating creditworthiness. but... credit risk generally still assumed the lender, and not the platform. credit risk evaluation process, though improved, remains centralized and nontransparent the lenders. the lender has limited tools manage and understand their investments. the company behind the platform defaults declares bankruptcy, the lender has limited recourse with respect the borrower. money transferred with the platform the intermediator, and thus may susceptible misappropriation. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. small business financing essential the economy. cash flow issue for many businesses, and while the cash fluctuations may small they can have huge effect business' ability run. this where unsecured loan comes in. the ability small businesses access affordable credit essential stimulating and sustaining healthy, diverse and innovative economy. according the federal deposit insurance corporation (fdic), march there were billion commercial and industrial loans outstanding under million. borrowers are inadequately served the current lending system. due its high fixed cost underwriting and servicing, the traditional banking system ill-suited meet small business demand for financing and the possibility incurring additional fees and penalties. online financing portals attempting bypass the intermediaries have failed address these issues. lenders have limited options participate small business financing. individual investors generally lack the size and access invest structured products directly, they are unable invest small business credit. while institutional investors have had some access this market, most have lacked the tools customize portfolios their specific risk tolerance, and banks accessing this market generally hold the loans they generate their balance sheet. result, believe additional capital that could invested small business loans has largely been locked out the market. value the network effect. from lender's perspective, the importance the return principals and interests cannot overemphasized. the ideal scenario choose from abundant supply rated agencies with fixed costs providing services such fraud identity detection, credit scoring decisions, etc. being the first create online credit adjudication canada not the world, and working with reputable funders managing billions dollars securitized assets, are well positioned create new, alternative marketplace and automated administration platform for peer-to-peer lending with credit enhancement backbone protect lenders' interest. addition, our experience creating low-code self-generating development platform enables generate robust smart contracts based selected legal terms and administrative options. programs are generated and deployed instantly online and real-time via drag drop and point click easy-to-use interfaces with user-experience our number one priority for both borrowers and lenders. recent years, the economic powers disintermediation have materialized. uber has disrupted the transportation industry and achieved valuation []. airbnb has disintermediated the lodging sector and become the largest "hotel chain" the world without owning "hotel", giving them value []. the fortune companies were too late realize that value the network effect their users, not the cost physical assets they own, and result they disappeared []. lending platforms built from the ground blockchain technology are starting emerge, particularly with technologies such ethereum, however, any asset locked collateral would have equal larger than the loan, complicating the decision-making process. these platforms are still very early stage. there opportunity for the online marketplace model make unsecured loans risk-free possible, due its simplicity compared its titleloan alternative with assets collaterals. believe transparent and open marketplace with fully automated administration necessary. borrowers and lenders can have access secure and transparent information, complemented advanced technology and tools enforce immutability. this can make credit more affordable, less confusing, more confident, and redirect existing pools capital trapped inside the banking system while attracting new sources capital. marketplace lending has the power facilitate more efficient deployment capital and improve the global economy. sum, fintrux network offers disruptive environment which will beneficial the global economy. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. our mission make decentralized financing with trust no-brainer for borrowers and lenders. our vision create ecosystem where transparency, risk reduction, and efficiency maximized and all participants win. participants the fintrux network ecosystem can configure and construct each open-source loan smart contract real time and expected obligations are transparent all involved parties. trust amplified increasing the freedom choice. smes have the opportunity select from list rated lenders matching their criteria, and ordinary citizens accredited investors can make their own credit decisions maximize control over their investments. providing our lenders access risk-reduced lending with novel credit enhancers, investors have peace mind and interest rates for borrowers lowered. borrowers can choose scored variety credit scoring agencies build more comprehensive view their creditworthiness and unlock access additional sources funding. our platform removes the need for physical infrastructure and brings out convenience and total automation; increasing efficiency, reducing manual processes and improving the overall user experience. borrowers and lenders various risk profiles and tolerances can easily find each other online. special instructions such refinance, prepayment, end-of-term processing, are self-executing and previously agreed upon. the net result faster growth the small business sector, major driver any economy; through greater employment and innovation, ultimately driving income equality. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. business model fintrux network multi-sided platform[] and ecosystem that delivers value not just borrowers and lenders, but also incented thirdparty guarantors and partnered agencies. lenders verify funds they wish lend, and are credited frx ledger* their account. they can then either choose credit decision package curated rated agency for fee, modify from reference credit decision packages, create their own. participants smart contract borrower investor third-party guarantors partnered service agents verify funds for lending identity verification credit scoring instant matching choose/modify/create credit decision package *in order facilitate payments within seconds, fintrux network will introduce frx ledger represent the local currency, honored lenders. frx can sent borrowers within seconds. only lenders can create and destroy frx ledger exchange for fiat currencies. borrowers will through popular identity verification and credit scoring services paid for fintrux network, and instantly matched appropriate lenders. they not find preferred match, borrowers can choose pay for additional scoring services for extra datasets, increasing the chances positive match with lender. additionally, they can invite choose incented third-party guarantor compliment their application and lower interest rates for fee. borrowers can represented affiliate marketing agency partners brokers. after due diligence, the smart contract deployed and funding provided via frx automatically sent from lender the borrowers. borrowers can now present frx the lender receive their funds the required currencies. subsequently, lenders receive the invested principal and/or interest upon payments made the borrowers. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. business model credit enhancers apply four cascading levels credit enhancements provide unprecedented risk reduction towards unsecured loans: level over-collateralization (security deposit) held back every loan, immediately covers the delinquent amount; level cascading owner and incented guarantors covers delinquent amounts over level cross-collateralization pool (credit risk pool) made all over-collateralization amounts the same class covers additional delinquency; level failing all the above, all ftx tokens (fintrux reserve) has been reserved cover remaining losses. the implementation incented guarantors provides unique situation where possible for loans significantly lower risk. the platform operates, there will continuous injection security deposits into the credit risk pool from new loans; creating buffering effect and making safe insurance neutralize the credit/default risk for lenders. performance statistics each pool will transparent the lenders involved. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. credit enhancers security deposit guarantor protection level level protection. since the security deposit one-tenth the loan, capable covering one out ten bad loans from the same borrower. complete protection owner and incented guarantors. for loans under their protection, the owner and incented guarantor(s) are responsible for losses over cascading manner. the company owner always the first guarantor responsible. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. credit enhancers cross-collateralization term used when the collateral for one loan also used collateral for another loan. cross-collateralization (credit risk pool) fintrux reserve level level additional protection via credit risk pool. the cross-collateralization pool made the security deposits hold back) loans the same class (risk currency). the class any particular loan will verified fintrux network's internal reference score. all guarantors for loan default, then the respective pool can cover additional losses, neutralizing the risk for lenders. continuous injection security deposits from new loans and recovery from defaulted loans will make this pool one the safest insurance mechanisms. ultimate reserve protection failing all previous credit enhancers, all ftx tokens has been reserved cover remaining losses. this scenario extremely unlikely healthy ecosystem reasonable actors, incented guarantors, and loan volume. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. business model trust-institution trust-institution reputable, prominent and progressive commercial financial institution that acts trusted escrow agent for lenders. upon funding, the lender automatically sends the loan frx the borrower, and the loan fiat (security deposit) must transferred the trust-institution participate the over/cross collateralization pool. the end the loan term, provided there are delinquencies the same credit risk pool, the lenders would receive the security deposit from the trust-institution. incented guarantor incented guarantor investor who takes potential risk guaranteeing loans third party for share the reduced interest. incented guarantors can sign up, credit scored, and indicate the class loans they'd like participate in. when borrowers are applying for loan, they are able select from list incented guarantors with various credit ratings and incentive appetite lower the risk their loan application, and thus reducing overall interest rates. borrowers can also directly invite friends and family their incented guarantors. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. revenue model the following fee structure preliminary and can subject change. the lender: pays fixed setup fee fintrux network set their lending instructions; pays loan amount loan maintenance fee fintrux network; pays for credit decision package(s) agency (optional); the borrower: pays loan amount loan maintenance fee fintrux network; pays for id/kyc/credit scoring services agency; pays late payment charges (penalty) lender and fintrux network; incented guarantors: pays fixed setup fee fintrux network set their risk and compensation profiles; pays percentage their incentive fee fintrux network; pays for id/kyc/credit scoring services agency; (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. token utility planned benefits for ftx token holders (if held fintrux network synchronized wallets) include: discounts fintrux network service fees; exclusive access features and products; enhanced service and benefits; ability refer friends and family users get rewarded; improved loan terms (borrowers only); collateralize loans with ftx lower interest rates (borrowers only); access additional classes loans (lenders only); additional reputation for risk assessment (borrowers, lenders, service providers); automated gas fee handling: even though the deployment each smart contract performed and gas fee paid for the fintrux network, participants the fintrux network are required maintain small amount ether their accounts. these ether will pay the gas fees charged the ethereum virtual network for the execution the actions within these smart contracts. function transfer(address _to, uint _value) returns (bool) require(cantransfertokens()); team tokens lock year (_value _value balances[_to] _value balances[_to]) balances[msg.sender] balances[msg.sender].sub(_value); balances[_to] balances[_to].add(_value); transfer(msg.sender, _to, _value); fintrux network would reimburse these tiny gas fees top the participants' accounts they happen fall below required minimum. nevertheless, generally good practice avoid these tiny reimbursements avoid unnecessary increase block sizes. keep minimum balance gas. won't execute the account has enough eth. (msg.sender.balance mingasaccts) reimburse gas eth keep minimal balance for next transaction. (!msg.sender.send(gastoken)) gasrebatefailed(msg.sender,gastoken); (_to.balance mingasaccts) reimburse gas eth keep minimal balance for next transaction. (_to.send(gastoken)) gasrebatefailed(_to,gastoken); return true; else revert(); caller may not check "return false;" the fintrux network powered ftx ("or "), utility token that rewards participation the marketplace. activities the platform have costs that are specified ftx, but tied fiat. this enables self-regulating mechanism ftx becomes more expensive, the amount ftx required for services will automatically reduce. all participants the ecosystem will pay and paid for their services ftx token. these would include: id/kyc/credit scoring; on-time payment (good behavior) rewards and late fees (punishment); fintrux network service fees; principal and interest payments (optional); api licensing; additional services offered; the fintrux reserve acting the ultimate level credit enhancements held ftx. over time, the operation the business should drive this reserve pool grow value, providing greater levels security for the lenders and lower overall interest rates. the ownership ftx token does not have any rights other than the rights exchange and claim them the platform. certain, ftx has ownership rights equity security equivalent, intellectual property rights any other form control revenue sharing relating the fintrux network. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. process analysis the following high-level process charts are representative diagrams and final process may differ. configure financing parameters instant matching lenders pre-define their parameters based set decision tables available list packaged classes provided rated agencies. the package may include their choice fraud, identity, and credit scoring agencies. alternatively they can construct their own modify from reference credit decision package. lenders pay fixed fee fintrux network setup fee for each lending instruction (changes are free). lender deposit fiat/crypto/ftx using our responsive user interface, borrowers can configure their financing request via point click and drag drop. instant matching can occur when borrowers narrow down their searches based available parameters and requirements. borrower lender select decision package instant matching filtering criteria credit score kyc documentation credit adjudication agent fraud identity agent deposit fiat/crypto/ftx select decision package while answers are being provided the questionnaires, credit adjudication and scoring are being performed the background and increasing approval amounts will announced intervals based owner's personal credit and financial scores, plus borrower company's business and financial scores. then list lenders with ratings, reviews, high-level information and special offers will instantly available for selection the borrowers. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. process analysis the following high-level process charts are representative diagrams and final process may differ. get funded collateralization after due diligence process, the application approved, fully customized and simplified smart contract generated for the participants, with detailed information. when the borrower confirms the application, this smart contract will added the distributed ledger. part the credit enhancements, there security deposit per loan. will stored with the local trust-institution the respective cross-collateralization pool (credit risk pool) determined fintrux network. both borrower and lender each pays fee fintrux network for loan maintenance upon funding. funding immediately triggered all relevant and required documents/images are already captured and verified the selected fraud and identity agent. borrower borrower filtering criteria receive fiat/crypto/ftx lender lender instant matching/ credit score/ kyc/ documentation same currency select decision package deposit fiat/crypto/ftx fund fiat/crypto/ftx hold back overcollateralization filtering criteria instant matching/ credit score/ kyc/ documentation select decision package deposit fiat/crypto/ftx receive fiat/crypto/ftx same currency fund fiat/crypto/ftx hold back overcollateralization deposit pool our blockchain solution ensures that borrowers, lenders and guarantors can see the same transaction details and documents. this transparency eliminates the cost for third parties verify and confirm the transaction. pay fee fintrux ftx cross collateralization pools (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. process analysis the following high-level process charts are representative diagrams and final process may differ. payments borrower options pre-payment and refinance filtering criteria instant matching/ credit score/ kyc/ documentation select decision package deposit fiat/crypto/ftx receive fiat/crypto/ftx same currency fund fiat/crypto/ftx hold back overcollateralization same currency periodic payment with interest fiat/crypto/ftx periodic payment with interest fiat/crypto/ftx periodic payments are made, the payments may paid fintrux network transaction fee. lender pay fee fintrux ftx deposit pool pay fee fintrux ftx cross collateralization pools (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. process analysis the following high-level process charts are representative diagrams and final process may differ. reward/punish borrower lender filtering criteria instant matching/ credit score/ kyc/ documentation select decision package deposit fiat/crypto/ftx receive fiat/crypto/ftx same currency fund fiat/crypto/ftx hold back overcollateralization same currency options pre-payment and refinance periodic payment with interest fiat/crypto/ftx good practice reward good behaviors. lenders can decide how many ftx tokens reward borrowers when they pay time punish them delinquency. punish ftx for each delinquency reward ftx for each on-time payment periodic payment with interest fiat/crypto/ftx pay fee fintrux ftx deposit pool pay fee fintrux ftx cross collateralization pools (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. process analysis end term, two scenarios may happen. lenders may get back their security deposit; alternatively, there were delinquencies defaults the same risk class pool, the lender will receive the remainder the security deposit minus losses incurred. the following high-level process charts are representative diagrams and final process may differ. end term borrower lender filtering criteria instant matching/ credit score/ kyc/ documentation select decision package deposit fiat/crypto/ftx receive fiat/crypto/ftx same currency fund fiat/crypto/ftx hold back overcollateralization periodic payment with interest fiat/crypto/ftx options pre-payment and refinance same currency pay fee fintrux ftx periodic payment with interest fiat/crypto/ftx receive delinquent/default ftx receive ftx guarantor ftx deposit pool pay fee fintrux ftx cross collateralization pools ftx ftx (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. breakdown borrowers fintrux network does not lend its own money and not responsible for any delinquencies and defaults over and above the four cascading credit enhancements can carry. trust-institution partner service agents lenders privileges lower interest rates thanks fintrux credit enhancements; obligations security deposit loan; borrower responsible for their own delinquencies; escrow security deposits various credit risk pools; earn interest and make safe investments; use the security deposit pay any delinquencies default the same loan; use leftover from security deposit pay delinquencies and defaults other loans the credit risk pool guarantor(s) fail deliver; return any leftover security deposit return the held-back lenders; earn fees for providing professional services; branding opportunity with ratings lenders and borrowers; provide specialized kyc aml credit duediligence etc. services requested; loan delinquencies and defaults are covered fintrux credit enhancers long they are not depleted; the end term receive the security deposit from trustinstitution*; may incur loss the borrower and guarantor(s) have defaulted and the credit risk pool was depleted; incented guarantors earn interest for guaranteeing selected loans without any collateral; must repay any unpaid delinquency defaults under their guaranty not covered the security deposit and other guarantors cascading manner; *if delinquencies default and credit risk pool not depleted. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. additional features decentralized rating review provide and maintain decentralized review platform for borrowers, lenders and all service agencies the blockchain. contrast, reviews written third-party website are subject change the site owner there integrity the current non-blockchain based systems. the need gaining qualified feedback/market research data enhance the quality risk assessment, service and transparency cannot over-emphasized. the other side, see borrowers, lacking reliable source comparability between different lenders well the possibility give unfiltered feedback share their opinion and thoughts. the same for lenders who can now rate and write reviews their borrowers and agencies; subsequently these can used part the credit scoring mechanism for assessment credit risk. when the borrower has selected the package and ready commit, list documents will requested the selected fraud and identity agent. both personal and business documents are required. examples know-your-customer (kyc) documents are: business: due diligence business name, address, email address, phone number what your business does how long the business has been open annual sales annual business profit before taxes the type legal entity your business the percentage the business you own how you plan use the money your business has any outstanding debt how many employees you have whether you own rent your office space you have property liability insurance personal: the value your personal bank and retirement accounts household income you have personal life insurance all the required documentations are submitted, the fraud and identity agent will coordinate the validation and either approve the transaction, request for more information decline the application. with the permission the borrower, these documentations can made into kyc profile that can reused, simplifying future due diligence processes. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. additional features fintrux network initially introduces two asset classes loans: growing asset classes based borrower (sme) credit, financial business scores guarantors credit financial scores; based borrower (sme) credit, financial business scores guarantors credit financial scores lender's option convert loan into equity any time during the term the loan (to come phase ii); self-serve options such prepayment and refinance are available for the convenience borrowers selected the lenders. prepayment necessary when the small business can afford pay back the loan earlier save the interest cost. the contrary, when times are tough, refinancing can avoid delinquency which can affect ratings and incur extra penalty charges. post funding administration each funded transaction represented smart contract generated fintrux network based the agreed upon configurations both parties. this smart contract visible and transparent parties involved. immutable and censorship resilient. selected administrative options are all executable based this smart contract which will last through the life-time the financing. automated messaging delivered via text mobile, email, social media, etc. are available many occasions such funding, payments, delinquency, collection, expiry, etc.. portfolio management our portfolio functionality provides summary view key metrics customizable individual borrowers, lenders and service agencies. not only can they get overview the transactions they have have not executed, performance indicators are displayed and complex structures simplified. high-level information such delinquency, defaults, and other performance information available and can visualized and exported. market insights fintrux network has the ability aggregate statistics provide more relevant and exceptional view the financial market. summary overview with drill down market activity across countries, market sectors, exposures, etc. will displayed. the dashboard individual borrowers, lenders and service agencies displays selective market data and user notifications with customization their preferences. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. benefits users benefits borrowers benefits lenders access affordable credit. our innovative marketplace model, online delivery, process automation, and credit enhancements enable offer borrowers interest rates that are more competitive than the rates charged other financial companies offering unsecure loans such traditional lending platforms and banks, not mention credit cards. access risk-reduced investing. credit enhancements historically only available securitization funding large portfolios now available lenders fintrux network. applying cascading credit enhancements, fintrux network seeks neutralize the lender's credit risk and, the case default, provide cascading levels insurance cover the loss. superior borrowing experience. offer fast and easy-to-use online application process and provide borrowers with access live support and online automation throughout the process and for the lifetime the financing. borrowers can choose scored variety credit scoring agencies build more comprehensive and holistic view their creditworthiness and unlock access additional sources funding. our goal form long-term relationships with borrowers, facilitating their access array financial products that meet their evolving needs over time. branding opportunity. all participants can provide ratings and transparent reviews the blockchain establish trusted lenders, borrowers, and service agents within the ecosystem. with better ratings, borrowers can save interest rates subsequent loans. moreover, borrowers can take this opportunity give unfiltered feedback share their opinion and provide basis comparability between different lenders. transparency and fairness. each customer contract generated self-executing fullycustomized smart contract blockchain. secure, transparent, immutable, and censorship resilient. historical data and expected obligations are borrower's fingertips. lowered transaction fee. consequently, since each smart contract fully-customized and simplified for each loan, much easier understand and without ambiguity. more "if ... then ... else" statements and unnecessary code. smaller programs lead lower transaction fees (gas); fact, this paid for fintrux network. super-fast and efficient funding. leverage online data and intelligent technology instantly match risk, credit rating and any unique parameters pre-determined lenders decision tables. borrowers can evaluate options and are instantly matched lenders their choice without impacting their credit score. self-service. all available options such refinance, prepayments, etc. can done online within minutes, all devices including mobiles and tablets. superior lending experience. offer fully automated application process and provide lenders with access live support and online tools throughout the process and for the lifetime the financing. our goal form long-term relationships with lenders, facilitating their relatively risk-free offerings their borrowers. branding opportunity. borrowers can provide ratings and transparent reviews blockchain establish trusted lenders within the ecosystem. with better ratings, lenders can build their brand and reputation. moreover, lenders can gain access qualified feedback and market research data enhance the service they provide borrowers. transparency and fairness. lenders can make their own credit decisions based facts, market insights, and/or third-party analysis for the first time, thus giving them more control over their investments. access network expertise. network rated agencies such fraud, identity, credit scoring and credit decision are readily available. attractive returns. having access lower risk funding and cutting major costs associated with administering the financing, these savings become additional profit margins. once their decision tables are chosen and configured, the whole lending process automated. more satisfied customers. self-service increases customer satisfactions. fast, efficient, transparent and expectations are met easily. saving the lender's time means they can service their borrowers better. more satisfied customers can turn into more business. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. benefits users benefits incented guarantors unique opportunity. guarantors are rewarded for reducing the risk loan application and helping borrowers get more affordable loan. attractive earnings without lending. guarantors can earn attractive interest rates without investing any money, trading their reputation. transparency and fairness. with access credit ratings, market insights and thirdparty analysis, guarantors can make their own credit decisions with full control over their exposure. automated matching. once instructions are set up, our system will immediately start matching guarantors with eligible loans. benefits service providers retail customers. service providers are offered the opportunity expand their offerings from traditional wholesale model for financial institutions, retail model selling directly consumers. branding opportunity. providing excellent service and support, service providers can establish themselves trusted partner and benefit from increased exposure. overhead. self-service enables revenue generation with customer acquisition costs. infinite scaling. service providers can provide their offerings potential customers globally, with upfront costs. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. real world use case paul, airline pilot domiciled singapore, has s$, extra savings that not planning spend for while. decides invest that money loan, signs fintrux.com stating that lender. verifies that has s$, ready lend, and issued frx. after customizing two different credit decision packages different risk profiles split his funds, pays fintrux network for each package ftx. the credit decision packages also come with reputable fraud, identity and credit scoring agents. signs the power attorney for fintrux network execute lending transactions his behalf based his rules defined those packages. paul now ready engage automated matching borrowers. upon funding, will pay maintenance fee ftx fintrux network. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. real world use case jane, the owner abc ltd, company from san francisco, california, wants borrow us$, pay for unbudgeted marketing campaign. she requests unsecured loan from fintrux.com. knowing that there hold-back security deposit, she would receive only us$, when successfully funded. she filters through set parameters including range interest rates and the number installment payments she will make. after answering some preliminary questions, she pre-approved. find the optimal interest rates she now goes through the most popular identity and credit checks which will paid for fintrux network. she wishes retrieve the details her score, she can pay receive the specifics. she wants explore more opportunities reach additional lenders and lower interest rates, she has the option pay for service agents for additional credit checks, and invite incented guarantors join her loan application. jane now committed return debt us$, monthly installments us$.. us$, frx immediately deposited jane's account. she may present that her own discretion the lender for the exchange fiat currency. the lender deposits us$, directly with the local trust-institution the appropriate cross-collateralization pool (credit risk pool) cover credit/default losses. jane pays back her loan gracefully over the course her term, and there are defaults the same risk pool, the lender will receive his security deposit us$,. she finalizes her decision, including selecting her favorite lender. the partner due- diligence service agents selected her lender verifies her information and completes the documentation and due diligence process. open-source smart contract generated. she satisfied after reviewing and the loan smart contract deployed. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. competitive advantages believe the following strengths differentiate and provide with competitive advantages realizing the potential our market opportunity. true lending for the first time, lenders are able choose from variety credit models from established credit decision agencies and evaluate which ones fit best for their needs, modify reference packages, even build their own models from scratch. ordinary citizens have the opportunity tap into small business credit and make their own credit decisions based facts, market insights, and/or third-party analysis; giving them unprecedented control over their investments. payments are transferred directly between the participants, and fintrux network not party the loan agreement. unprecedented risk-reduction our background and technology enables create novel credit enhancers for our true lending platform, acting cascading levels insurances cover potential losses. this reduces the lender's credit risk and interest rates for borrowers lowered. this unlocks tremendous liquidity for small businesses, who typically not have the adequate collateral obtain secured loan. token transaction fee many service agencies are still charging upfront licensing fee, annual maintenance fee, and hourly customization fee. fintrux network will pay them fiat combination fiat ftx while collecting all fee payments ftx tokens. this simplifies the onboarding experience removing the barrier entry. eventually, service providers will directly charge ftx their users per use retail model. decentralized ledger technology (blockchain) using blockchains such ethereum provides high availability. decentralized and its hashing provides immense security identification and privacy. smart contracts are not prone failures such power cuts, node failures etc. there risk misplacing losing the customer contract the contract saved distributed ledger. data records are immutable and censorship resilient. all activities and documentations relating each financing locked-down with full audit, even locations and conditions items requested. the lending process transparent and fraud minimized. no-code generation and instant deployment our smart contracts will not hand-written. transitioning robocoder's low-code development platform into no-code development platform enables all possible contract combinations presented user interface borrowers and lenders. codes with the latest technology are generated and deployed real time. special instructions such refinance, prepayment, end-of-term processing, are self-executing and previously agreed upon. each financing fintrux network regulated its self-executing smart contract and automates administration which increases efficiency, eliminates human error, and reduces risk. many systems-as-a-platform architecture smart contracts provide transparency both borrowers and lenders. unambiguous and choices made are visible user-friendly interface. both parties can examine each contract granular level and continue monitor ongoing performance. instead one huge program process millions borrower contracts, our platform comprised millions small smart contracts, fully-customized and simplified for each borrower contract. arbitration required, and expected obligations are transparent. highly reduced "if ... then ... else" statements and unnecessary code. smaller programs lead lower gas fees. open ecosystem fintrux network partners with rated agencies such fraud/id/kyc/aml service agents, credit scoring and decision agents, escrow agents, collection and recovery specialists, wallets, exchanges, brokers, insurance companies and technology companies. enabling borrowers and lenders direct access wide host financial services, create maximized opportunities and freedom make the right decisions. decentralized reputation ratings provide decentralized review platform for all participants recorded the blockchain. borrowers can now rate their lenders and have reliable source comparability between different lenders. lenders can rate and write reviews their borrowers; which can used for additional assessment credit risk. service providers can also rated, offering new retail branding opportunity. these provides tremendous time and cost advantages over other lending platforms. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. risk addressed below demonstration that fintrux network has evaluated all risks and concluded that unsecured loans offered smes the ecosystem should enjoy lower rates due the risk-reduction mechanisms introduced. identity risk. only reputable fraud and identity agencies will allowed operate fintrux network. credit risk. this managed each credit decision package provided rated agents level commensurate with the return. higher risk higher return. risk loss. this significantly reduced, not neutralized, through four cascading credit enhancers. locked-in risk. liquidity important lender. since lenders only need disperse funds per loan commitment, uncommitted funds are available for use any time. for the committed funds, fintrux network will provide trading platform available lenders trade and securitize their loans with each other part phase ii. risk multiple borrowing. fintrux network discourages lending more than the borrower can afford. can difficult prevent borrowers from the practice taking loans from different sources within the same period. some borrowers may also borrow from one account cover another. will work with partners (credit bureaus, etc.) determine the same borrowers have other obligations. devaluation risk. since credit risk pools are held with the trust-institution for the duration their terms its original currencies, there devaluation risk worry about. lack information risk. each borrowing one unique smart contract unambiguous, immutable, arbitration required. prepayment risk. reasonable fee can charged the lenders for each early prepayment compensate for the opportunity loss interest charges. interest rate risk. interest rate risk the possibility that fixed-rate debt instrument will decline value result rise interest rates. this out the scope fintrux network. risk delinquency. this risk mitigated self-serve refinance option and guarantors. also recommend texting, email, rating, reviews, rewards, late charges, etc. tools deter delinquencies. for small businesses, delinquency will negatively affect owner's credit and company reputation. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. lending best practices fraud and identity management all fraud and identity service agents will screened make sure proper due diligence are implemented prevent fraud and identity scam. for small business borrowers, not just the business identity will checked, the identity the business owner will checked well. addition, the name the bank account where funds will transferred must match either the owner name the business name. credit score management all credit scoring service agents will screened for professionalism. for small business borrowing, both business and owner(s) will credit checked. for example, the borrowing business startup, that is, the company less than one year old, the owner must have over fico score. credit decision management all credit decision service agents will screened for best practices. fintrux network will provide reference scores developed our in-house experts determine the appropriate credit risk pools which can used reference opinion for lenders compare against their own third-party credit decisions. with the above due diligence trust that can successfully keep fintrux network running healthy lending highway for all legitimate participants. now that are capable making unsecured loans highly secure, the onus fintrux network prevent abuses. these best practices describe how can keep borrowing scams and unreasonable lending away from our ecosystem. addition having built-in credit enhancers protect lenders, collection will handled partnered collection agents. notifications will sent borrowers when they miss payment. the partnered collection agents chosen the lender will step when delinquencies over six months. any recovery amount receive from the collection process are payable fintrux reserve, credit risk pools, guarantors, and lenders that order. the case delinquent/default loan having incented guarantor, collection will performed this guarantor. our experience applying credit enhancements such security deposit and credit risk pools securitization funding, the cost fund (interest rate) can typically reduced basis point for investment grade portfolios. expect the application incented guarantors and token collateral reserve should further enhance this. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. architecture blockchain fintrux network marketplace leverages decentralized blockchain technology which offers completely trustless interaction between parties, minimizing third party verification costs and commissions. allows consistent, shared and secure access all participants. our no-code development environment generates smart contracts onto various blockchains, including but not limited ethereum leveraging the benefits and strengths concurrent blockchain technologies. private, high-performance storage order process certain transactions, private and confidential information required stored and exchanged. our storage secured sql database. complements the blockchain network providing fast access data such borrower records other confidential information. multiple levels security, external authentication and strong usage profiling are involved. the fintrux network architecture highly automated, scalable and robust combination the latest advances blockchain technology, decades user-experience, and most efficient computation and data management the appropriate layers client, web-services, and server tiers. the user interface ("ui") implemented using reactjs which fast and responsive handle client-side logics. json web services will connect reactjs node.js which handles backend business logic. combining reactjs, json and node.js has proven very fast, lightweight and robust architecture. this web-app renders responsively desktop, tablets and phones. also plan develop special mobile apps utilize native phone capabilities and create unique user-experiences. the backend composes three databases: ethereum blockchain, mssql, and firebase. the ethereum virtual machine handles blockchain data including smart contracts for each borrower contract and associated documentations; the sql database handles fast and missioncritical structured data, especially data that requires guarantee that two more updates either succeed fail atomic unit; the nosql database handles dynamic unstructured data such personalization, user profile management, big data, interacting with internet things (iot), etc.; (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. no-code generation "in algebra, turn (+x) (x) into simpler form before solving for much easier understand and much easier solve. writing, turn "you'll hear from coming back this point again and again" into simpler form "i'll keep coming back this point". that is, are constantly simplifying constructs communicate more effectively." all the code specifically catered for one fully customized event. smaller programs lead lower gas fees and faster transactions. simplest best. robocoder corporation provides the infrastructure and low-code technology build the no-code generation for fintrux network, providing immense benefits. addition generating the architecture for the system, also enables instant deployment unique loan smart contracts. traditional automation one system for all varieties transactions lots "if-then-else" statements, very complicated. are shifting the programming paradigm with fintrux network. enable the generation one unique program ("smart contract") for each borrower contract deployed real-time the blockchain via configurable user interfaces for the platform participants. generating new contract for each individual use case, each program its simplest form, more if-then-else statements. what means our programmer: before, used make all programs flexible, hardcoding; now just the opposite all hard-coding make sure its simplest form and fully customized for one scenario, one situation, one event. the smart contract becomes binding agreement between the participants unambiguous, immutable and arbitration required the terms and conditions, and status repayment any time. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. big data fintrux network will generate large amounts data which will huge value our customers. the data will provide market insight which does not exist today. partners and external companies are able utilize this anonymized data part their solutions, even they are not directly using the fintrux marketplace. parts our software will open source, available other financing solution vendors use. doing this aim create strong ecosystem with active community adopters. fintrux network will gather all data from the platform and all available api, service agents, etc. are leveraging key partnerships with robocoder corporation, enterprise ethereum alliance, microsoft and various universities conduct research for the purpose improving credit decision making, fraud, identity management, and risk reduction the industry. big data analytics collecting all data from fintrux platform, partners, and available api utilizing big data analytics, can provide advice lenders how improve their credit model over time, and timely response market movements and relevant news. doing so, enable lenders the power ensure that they are providing services the best borrowers for their risk appetite. research university partnership small business researches machine learning fraud detection default predictability credit scoring advice credit decision improvement advice via deep learning robocoder licenses its technology and provides extensive development services, analytics, and market data fintrux network. having served the securitization sector since robocoder has accumulated immense statistical data for many billions dollars financing assets. this big data will used validate fintrux network's servicing models. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. roadmap (-) what strive achieve. focused practice concept validation ethereum r&d dapp r&d smart contract open source whitepaper devcon meet greet website wireframe ready partnerships established user experience prototype ready tokenization crowdsale process test team expansion licensing infrastructure development process modification scaling smart contracts development credit model training usa pilot alpha test (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. roadmap (-) ethereum r&d. researched into blockchain technology; taken numerous courses smart contract and solidity development; practiced ropsten testnet and internal private ethereum virtual network. dapp r&d. development team researched and practiced angular truffle framework, metamask, and interconnectivity with smart contract private network and testnet. concept validation. the concept fintrux passed around existing clients and board members canadian finance leasing association for validation. whitepaper ready. documented and published blockchain based financing and automation into whitepaper. tokenization. design token utilization practice the most efficient and effective operation the fintrux platform. focused practice. focus fintrux financing one specific product "making unsecured loan highly secure". fintrux network facilitates global networking with specialized service agents. wireframe ready. the functionality lenders selecting decision package, borrower instant matching, credit approval, fraud and identity verification, documents audit, smart contract generation deployment, and funding demonstrated. partnerships. establish relationships with people from the financing and block-chain industry. what strive achieve. prototype ready. first prototype comprising basic functionality the wireframe deployed ethereum testnet. open source. the smart contracts' solidity source code published github. funding. crowdsale campaign completed. team expansion. fintrux network will expand the development team and hire experts the financing and blockchain development sectors. process test. loan sgd deployed test viability business and legality singapore. infrastructure development. prototype refined with new infrastructure and architecture. improved programming language such react.js, redux and bootstrap. licensing. worked with top legal minds singapore, us, and canada contact and seek licensing requirements from respective regulatory bodies. explored opportunities and legalities malaysia, indonesia, and vietnam. user experience. developed our no-code generation generate new class responsive mobile first screens extremely lightweight, user friendly and easy use. process modification. revised business processes with our legal team continents clear regulation hurdles for licensing. scaling. ensured modified process does not require licensing and can scale globally with minimal customization and legal requirements. smart contracts development. merged smart contracts with localized loan agreements different jurisdictions. designed and tested frx smart contract facilitate all payments the platform sent and received seconds. credit model training. training videos and seminars released general public, educating potential lenders how perform sme credit adjudication based credit, business, and financial risks. alpha test. fully functional version the prototype deployed production evm with added functionality such credit checks and scoring, scheduled payments, fee payments, cross collateralization pool management, end term processing. usa pilot. facilitate loans ~us$, with alpha system. initial setup extending for onboarding completion. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. roadmap beyond) what strive achieve. service organization beta test network development scale the platform general availability marketing market beta test: pending successful licensing singapore, aim facilitate loans well extend downstream processes and functionalities, such statistics and management reports. network development. the platform will ready grow exponentially adding new participating service agents. service organization our support team would already have been set help participants our ecosystem. marketing. pr, marketing campaigns, event participation, and sponsorships would have been established and efforts will ongoing. general availability the initial version will officially available singapore and participants. market sales and support teams would already have been established. scale the platform the platform tested serve the masses. additional roadmap will added upon successful completion goals. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. evolution platform phase credit-enhanced financing using the credit enhancement principles securitization, deliver highly secure unsecured loans benefit the small businesses borrowers, investors, and financial institutions the world. phase ii: additional licensed features fintrux network will provide trading platform for lenders trade and securitize their loans licensed jurisdictions. additional enhancements such convertible bonds, crowdfunding, advice, etc. can applied. phase iii: expanded asset classes fintrux will invite many innovative asset classes created other network partners prosper this ecosystem becomes the go-to financing hub the world. phase iv: one world the interest rate one country can high times than another. for instance, the prime rate madagascar can high while japan can low []. though there are currency controls, exchange rate risk, and other regulatory and localization issues resolve, fintrux will use its best effort enable cross-countries financing partnering with wallets, exchanges, and regulatory bodies. ultimately, small business borrowers from higher rate countries can take advantage lower rates offered lenders located lower rate countries. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. use raised funds fintrux network will use the funds raised from the crowdsale towards development alpha, beta and production versions the platform, marketing, key hires, forming essential partnerships for the ecosystem, legal and compliance (licensing), infrastructure, etc. the following distribution funds for our crowdsale preliminary and can subject change. use funds core development core development will involve the development the technology described this document. this includes: proprietary functionality, smart contract generation, supporting services, decentralized end user applications, etc. operational this covers the necessary costs incurred for functional system. this includes: hosting and infrastructure costs, staffing, outsourcing, management and other related expenses. marketing and sales marketing costs will used for partnerships development and direct marketing. sales costs will largely incurred direct sales small businesses. legal and compliance there are legal costs associated with privacy protection and registrations with regulators. the legal costs might vary from region region. token distribution crowdsale pool: maximum ftx. funds raised during the crowdsale will used solely for the development the fintrux network. bounty pool ftx: this portion will allocated reward advisors, early adopters, bounty programs and provide liquidity the market required. fintrux team ftx: this will allocated founders and team. tokens will locked for -month period multisig wallet. fintrux reserve ftx: for the unplanned compensation losses incurred lenders the case default. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. founders the founders behind all. nelson has successfully delivered numerous enterprise solutions global organizations such j.p. morgan, at&t capital, newcourt financial, hydro international, banco central hispano, trans union, national leasing, securcor financial group, spartan compliance services, roynat capital, bank nova scotia, sun life assurance, pacific western bank, versa bank, aileron capital, beacon trust, stonebridge financial, cwb maxium financial, etc.. nelson lin founder ceo was also the creator applications such credit-link (automated credit adjudication lease origination), market-link (data-mart pivot tables), lois (end-of-lease management, collection accounting), fast-credit, and calms (web-based version all the above) the financing industry. fact, nelson lin built newcourt's and the market's first online credit adjudication software for the asset-based finance and leasing industry canada, mentioned the book 'unstoppable' published beth parker and endorsed the canadian finance and leasing association (cfla). order communicate with the remote mainframes the credit bureaus, simulated asynchronous call before even exists graduated from the university western ontario with mba and b.sc. honors computer science, and one the first few professionals have achieved both microsoft certified systems engineer (mcse) and solution developer (mcsd) qualifications. mr. lin also certified scrum master, and was formerly trained the microsoft solutions framework (msf) project management methodology. conrad lin young and dynamic entrepreneur, public speaker, and influencer with background neuroscience and psychology from the university toronto. proven expert social media growth hacking, inbound marketing, and marketing strategy with specialty dlt (distributed ledger technologies). conrad spearheaded the marketing efforts successfully raise usd for his blockchain-enabled startup fintrux network. conrad lin @cryptolin co-founder cmo conrad dedicates his efforts towards initiatives that impact the world positively and benefits the global community. fintrux network aims disrupt the way unsecured loans are being originated and administered, making unsecured loans highly secure. the platform makes easy for borrowers connect with reputable lenders and servicing agencies, save money with competitive interest rates, and get affordable loan within minutes fair and transparent process without collateral. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. founding team the team behind all. gary veteran software development and has been seasoned architect the financial sector for the past years, including some the top global banks. skilled all major programming languages and computing platforms. gary cto aaron has been instrumental turning our low-code development platform into no-code generator for smart contracts. scalability and security his main focus designing mission-critical architecture well delivering cost-effective solutions. front end developer douglas full stack developer wide variety computing languages for years, including full suite blockchain technology and smart contracts with solidity. douglas thiessen blockchain developer passionate security and quality, tests his code extensively applying scrum methodology. douglas' technical expertise enables him evaluate and tackle complex programming challenges. user experience has been aaron's forte for the last years. has formal education and practical training web development and digital design. philemon's passion and expertise data analysis, machine learning, ai, and business intelligence. brings with him years analyst programming experience the accounting and financial sectors. designs visually stunning user interfaces that integrates well with all other software. aaron adept generating responsive mission-critical applications with low-code technology and designing easy use mobile applications. this list includes mission-critical systems for large fortune companies. has both mba and engineering degrees and international experience working for multinational companies. philemon selvaraj data analyst the full list our growing team can found at: https://www.fintrux.com/team (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. advisory partners list advisors and partners can found on: https://www.fintrux.com/team https://www.fintrux.com/partners (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. conclusion fintrux network the true lending ecosystem built the blockchain, powered credit enhancements and no-code generation. the platform makes easy for borrowers connect with reputable lenders and servicing agencies, save money with competitive interest rates, and get affordable loan within minutes fair and transparent process without physical collateral. comprised dynamic team skilled professionals, fintrux network leverages their extensive expertise and technology make unsecured financing easy, fast, and highly secure with credit enhancements, no-code generation, and open ecosystem. fintrux network making decentralized financing with trust no-brainer for borrowers and lenders, building ecosystem where transparency, risk reduction, and efficiency maximized ensure all participants win. (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. contact website: www.fintrux.com follow twitter: @fintrux linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/company/fintrux/ facebook: https://www.facebook.com/fintrux reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/fintrux telegram: https://t.me/fintrux_ann see our code github: https://github.com/fintrux marina bay financial centre tower level singapore (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. disclosure please note that this document does not constitute prospectus any sort, not solicitation for investment initial public offering share/equity offering and does not pertain any way offering securities any jurisdiction. any such offer solicitation will made only means confidential offering memorandum and accordance with the terms all applicable securities and other laws. crowdsale terms: https://www.fintrux.com/home/doc/crowdsaleterms.pdf terms use: https://www.fintrux.com/home/doc/termsofuse.pdf privacy policy: https://www.fintrux.com/home/doc/privacypolicy.pdf cookie policy: https://www.fintrux.com/home/doc/cookiepolicy.pdf (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved. references the simple dollar best unsecured business loans for url: https://www.thesimpledollar.com/best-unsecured-business-loans/ wikipedia marketplace lending: url: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peer-to-peer_lending morgan stanley global marketplace lending: disruptive innovation financials may https://bebeez.it/wpcontent/blogs.dir//files///globalmarketplacelending.pdf wikipedia list countries commercial bank prime lending rates: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_commercial_bank_prime_lendi ng_rate deloitte market place lending august http://blogs.deloitte.co.uk/financialservices///marketplace-lending-the-rise-renaming-and-remodelling.html aeideas fortune firms only remain dec http://www.aei.org/publication/fortune--firms--v--only--remainthanks-to-the-creative-destruction-that-fuels-economic-prosperity/ bloomberg uber's dilemma mar https://www.bloomberg.com/gadfly/articles/--/uber-needs-to-get-realabout-that--billion-price-tag marketwatch new funding round pushes airbnb's value mar http://www.marketwatch.com/story/new-funding-round-pushes-airbnbs-value-to-billion--- cnbc another industry amazon plans crush small-business lending https://www.cnbc.com////amazon-plans-to-crush-small-businesslending.html ethdocs web platform for decentralized apps http://ethdocs.org/en/latest/introduction/web.html dozen things i've learned about multi-sided markets (platforms) october https://iq.com////a-dozen-things-ive-learned-about-multi-sidedmarkets-platforms/ fitsmallbusiness best unsecured business loans for small businesses https://fitsmallbusiness.com/best-unsecured-business-loans/ reuters global debt markets april http://www.reuters.com/article/us-emerging-markets-iif-iduskbnf the guardian rise credit card default rate adds concerns over household finances july https://www.theguardian.com/money//jul//rise-in-credit-card-default-rateadds-to-concerns-over-household-finances (c) fintrux.com. all rights reserved.