white paper fire lotto january page contents introduction ............................................................................................................................... global lottery industry ............................................................................................................... challenges faced lottery industry ......................................................................................... fairness ................................................................................................................................... regulations.............................................................................................................................. availability ............................................................................................................................... how the block chain fire lotto works ................................................................................. the lottery ...................................................................................................................... the lottery ...................................................................................................................... the lottery ...................................................................................................................... why the fire lotto will played all over the world ..................................................... sales commission distribution and payment ...................................................................... faqs .............................................................................................................................................. rng algorithm .......................................................................................................................... legal aspects ............................................................................................................................. references ................................................................................................................................ page introduction lottery game built the ethereum blockchain will major innovation the global lottery industry. the lottery industry holds share the global gambling revenue [], and facing challenges due the growth the digital economy. worldwide demand for more transparent, fair services has grown concurrent with the advance technologies that enable the change. the distributed, decentralized nature blockchain technology offers tremendous opportunities for financial technology innovation, and, similarly, for gaming industry modernization. gaming system built based the use the ethereum blockchain would operate with high degree autonomy, and its data and records would cryptographically stored public, decentralized blockchain. available online and borderless, such system can resolve several challenges traditional lotteries. the proposed lottery will employ the random number generation (rng) method, which secure and fair and prevents manipulation and fraud. this project implements completely secure rng method based the current version the bitcoin decentralized protocol. global lottery industry the global lottery industry grew from billion billion representing compound annual growth rate (cagr) per year. years from lottery sales have declined only once, evidencing the stability the business. more than global lottery sales come from europe and north america []. concurrently, with growing penetration the internet and mobile phone adoption, online and mobile lotteries are growing everywhere. the total revenue mobile lotteries estimated billion, while the amount generated europe and north america. the pace technology adoption can even faster the developing markets. global lottery industry from grew from billion billion. mobile lotteries estimated revenues billion until recently, most lottery operators were bc. with the advent online and mobile lotteries, there are now more companies offering online lottery platforms. page fire lotto can operate global blockchain protocol, but can also offered governments specific countries solution challenges ensuring fair lottery. globalization, economic growth the developing world and progress information technology are factors that will accelerate changes the lottery industry, especially the emerging markets. the global lottery industry moving closer cross-border, high-technology lotteries, and blockchain technology can the stepping stone needed for this innovation. challenges faced lottery industry blockchain technology can solve trust and fairness issues faced the lottery industry. with all centralized services, lotteries have real and perceived trust issues. some the most common lottery industry problems are described below. fairness ensuring fairness the game remains the biggest challenge. lottery players may question the possibility manipulation fraud, e.g., several possible concerns: are the ticket and lottery real? the money really accumulated one pool? rng truly random and secure? the jackpot winner real? are the prizes paid time? the two famous cases lottery manipulation described below illustrate the cause for concern. hot lotto fraud scandal (). eddie tipton, the former information security director the u.s. multi-state lottery association, installed software code that allowed him manipulate random number generation and predict winning numbers specific days the year and led his winning million jackpot the manipulation was discovered, and tipton was convicted and sentenced years imprisonment the pennsylvania lottery scandal (also known the triple six fix). this was plot rig the daily number, three-digit game offered the pennsylvania lottery. all the balls the three machines, except those numbered and were weighted, and result the numbers drawn were almost sure combination those digits. the scheme was successful that (one the eight combinations that the page conspirators were hoping for) was drawn april however, authorities were alerted unusual betting patterns. the chief participants the plot were sent prison, and most the fraudulently acquired winnings were never paid out. regulations some countries lotteries are not legal, and most other countries only governments and affiliated organizations can obtain license operate commercial lottery business. corruption schemes that can affect distribution funds may take place different regions. availability users from other countries cannot easily participate some the biggest lotteries the world such euromillions some the lotteries the united states. users are limited playing smaller, local lotteries due the smaller size their domestic market, underdevelopment the lottery industry home, strict regulation. new online solutions that allow such players buy worldwide u.s. lottery tickets have recently gained some popularity, but the service charges, well risks fraud and mismanagement, remain high. currently, lotteries are controlled the state and regulated law most parts the world. average, more than all funds collected from ticket sales are allocated the prize pool. should noted that lottery participants have control over how much money collected from ticket sales, and the average value mentioned above rough estimate. addition, lottery winnings are taxed, and some countries (for example, the u.s.) much can withheld. the average price lottery ticket about usd lottery machines are used draw the winning numbers for lottery different intervals. believed that the winning numbers are drawn randomly, but there are ways influence the results. order make their lottery look more credible, organizers arrange live television broadcasts and set lottery commissions. however, easy make the process non-random putting radio frequency identification (rfid) tags lottery balls (even child could this). can draw firm conclusion that any lottery source government revenue earned the expense citizens through unequal distribution funds collected from lottery ticket sales. many gambling industry representatives are unhappy with this system, and few good attempts have been made organize honest internet lottery. however, the page traditional approach organizing lottery which involves the use centralized organizational structure (i.e., single server that may belong single owner) has long been mistrusted because nobody can check the rng (random number generator) any other parameters the lottery other than narrow circle interested parties. the blockchain technology can help solve this problem. however, projects that use this technology are not always transparent enough. let take the trueflip project example. you carefully read their project description and code published github, you will see their use the blockchain technology limited only the rng, while data the amount funds collected and the distribution funds stored single server. how the block chain fire lotto works have built completely transparent and fully decentralized platform for organizing and conducting lottery using the blockchain technology and eth smart contracts for collecting and distributing funds, drawing winning numbers random fashion, and paying lottery tickets sales commission token holders. the prize pool the fire lotto lottery formed from the funds collected from ticket sales. the minimum size guaranteed jackpot fixed-- eth usd ,,) for the lottery.[*] nobody wins the main prize drawing, will rolled over the next drawing and increased. the jackpot will keep growing until finds its winner. there will five prize categories with different prize depending how accurately the player predicts lottery numbers. all categories starting from will calculated percentages the prize pool. several winners win the jackpot one drawing, will split between them. will offer two types lotteries: instant lotteries and draw lotteries. the roger's wheel instant lottery mix between the traditional wheel fortune and slot machine. this game, players can place bets ranging from eth (~usd eth (~usd ,.) [*] and choose payout rate from which will used multiply their winnings. next, the player spins the wheel divided into sectors with different payout rates them. the wheel stops the player's chosen rate, she will instantly have the winnings (the bet multiplied the payout rate) transferred their cryptocurrency wallet. the player can turn unlimited number page wheels one game, which reduces the waiting time and increases the number tickets bought the player. the wheel rotates for seconds. the randomness the game ensured eth blockchain-based rng. its description will given later the text. average, the value bets made kept the system. offer three types draw lotteries: and our platform allows for the addition new types lotteries the future. the player enters the lottery site with traditional and user-friendly interface, where she can buy almost unlimited number lottery tickets and choose numbers for each ticket. tickets are bought one click through the user's cryptocurrency wallet. ethereum transaction goes the smart contract the chosen lottery, contributing the prize pool. all lottery ticket sales are allocated the prize pool. table shows data the distribution lottery funds. page table distribution funds collected from lottery ticket sales no. percentage funds distributed target prize pool advertising fund commission technical costs (gas payments for transactions) there drawing every six hours each lottery. numbers are drawn randomly with the help the blockchain-based rng (any four, five, six numbers are taken from the unique code the latest bitcoin block mined). after all the numbers the lottery have been drawn, winnings are automatically transferred the owners the winning tickets through the algorithm built the smart contract. table shows the distribution the prize pool the fire lotto. page table distribution fire lotto prize pool the lottery* matching numbers prize pool distribution ticket price guaranteed prize pool eth (~. usd) matching numbers prize pool distribution jackpot ticket price guaranteed prize pool eth (~. usd) matching numbers prize pool distribution jackpot ticket price guaranteed prize pool eth (~. usd) eth (~, usd) the lottery* eth (~, usd) the lottery* eth (~,, usd) please check firelotto.com for lottery rules and winnings pay out conditions. winnings are automatically paid full within seconds the drawing. transfers are made the cryptocurrency wallets that were used buy the winning tickets. the draw lottery, every ticket wins prize. the thing that many lotteries have page payout rate for two matching numbers, which means that players only win back their bet. however, should remember that there tax gambling winnings, which means that the player who guessed two numbers will lose least their bet rather than win anything. our lottery, the minimum payout rate for two matching numbers least which means that the player will get paid back price the ticket plus half its cost. fire lotto token holders will also have sales commission transferred their cryptocurrency wallets after the drawing. the sales commission rate will fixed the smart contract. commission will paid eth. token holders will free use their share sales commission they wish. all processes and distribution operations the system will carried out based the mechanisms built into smart contracts, which will exclude the possibility their being influenced the lottery organizers. everything will done autonomously, honestly, and transparently. order substantiate what has been said, will publish the full source code the fire lotto the beginning our initial coin offering (ico) that anyone can check and see that the system corresponds its description this paper. why the fire lotto will played all over the world the initial guaranteed prize pool over usd million. the amount the prize pool can grow dozens millions dollars. record funds collected from ticket sales will allocated the prize pool. neither winning numbers nor lottery tickets can faked. distribution and payout procedures are transparent and supported smart contracts. the lottery based the eth blockchain. all the parameters the lottery are included the program code, which will open anybody willing check it. this lottery cannot banned. you only need internet access and cryptocurrency wallet play it. comfortable and user-friendly interface. game that played one click. mobile version available. page the date the platform launch one ticket costs usd sum that millions players around the world are accustomed to. there possibility system abuse. the fire lotto anonymous. winnings any size are paid out almost instantly. winnings are not taxed. the fact that the lottery platform decentralized means that the platform will operate independently and autonomously long there are gambling enthusiasts, the internet, and cryptocurrency. sales commission payments are secured smart contracts and provide token holders with almost endless source income. the price fire lotto tokens will constantly increase. sales commission distribution and payment fire lotto token holders are guaranteed get the funds collected from ticket sales. sales commission distributed after each and every drawing based the smart contract, regardless the volume ticket sales. yield per token u.s. cents from each million tickets sold, which more than per annum the amount funds invested fire lotto tokens. considering the fact that more than billion lottery tickets priced usd are sold globally each year, the profitability lotto tokens may exceed per annum the very first year. sales commission yield, usd (%) sales revenue (for million tickets sold per year) sales commission (%) yield per token note: according the ministry finance the russian federation, million lottery tickets were sold for the lottery alone. our lottery will available all world countries, including those with ban lotteries. the global annual turnover the lottery market more than usd billion. therefore, believe that hitting billion ticket sales around the world per year realistic goal. when this figure reached, yield per token will grow more than times. page should not forget that there also the roger's wheel instant lottery, which effect slot machine that keeps the value bets made. the profitability instant lotteries and slot machines difficult underestimate. also worth considering that fire lotto tokens will grow value result promotion activities. after the ico complete, and the first commission pay outs are made, one lotto token will traded cryptocurrency exchanges price least usd faqs how many tokens will sold and how they will distributed? total million fire lotto tokens distributed. the distribution tokens shown the diagram below: page how much will one token cost? march utc march utc march utc march utc march utc april utc april utc april utc- april utc april utc during the pre-ico (private round), one token was sold for usd how much will one token cost during the private round sales? fire lotto tokens will offered price usd per token. for special terms, please contact info@firelotto.com page why you need the closed round? funds raised the closed round will used generate minimum prize pool usd ,,* and finance advertising campaign for the ico. *prize fund generation: lottery type prize pool, usd roger's wheel price per ticket, usd from how will the project launched? unlike other icos, our ico will follow the launch the lottery rather than precede it. the product was launched january once collect enough funds the lottery will launched with minimum prize pool usd million. the lottery source code available github for inspection. the lottery launched the operating mode, which means that users will able enjoy all its features, play, and win. the moment the lottery launched, transfers will automatically made within the smart contract the wallet responsible for collecting sales commission and paying them token holders. the pre-ico will open january and close february the ico will open march and close april this means that when the ico opens, investors will surprised see not only finished product, but also huge prize pool available won and sales commission distribution among token holders real-time mode. this ico roadmap going implemented for the first time ever, and will become distinctive feature this project. how get fire lotto tokens? fire lotto tokens will transferred the investor's account linked his her personal profile after the transaction has been confirmed. after the ico finished, the investor will able transfer the tokens from his her personal profile any erc compatible ethereum wallet. page how are you going pay out sales commission? since the launch the lottery, the funds raised ticket sales will transferred the smart contract responsible for the distribution sales commission. the first distribution collected sales commission among token holders will take place after the ico closes. commission will paid eth all token holders with days after tokens distribution. afterwards, commission will paid out after each lottery drawing. when will fire lotto tokens listed cryptocurrency exchanges? our tokens will listed within one month the end the ico period. how much money can invest during the private and open round? the amount money not limited. tokens will sold price usd per token (on private round) and usd per token (on public round). funds will converted eth the lottery organizers current exchange rate between eth and the currency that the participant uses for making payments. what happens all tokens are not sold out? will freeze the unsold amount for one year. afterwards, they will available for investors buy. table lotteries comparison (november initial jackpot the percentage funds allocated the jackpot reserve fund the number lotteries userfriendliness firelotto smartbillion trueflip powerball minimum usd usd usd usd endowment fund intuitive interface, difficult interface, difficult interface, difficult game rules page the option adding new lotteries winning odds platform ticket price firelotto smartbillion one-click buying users need users need more skilled more skilled :,, fully decentralized usd :,, fully decentralized usd direct correlation :,, centralized :,, centralized starts from usd none usd instant within day depending the administrator paid the player from several days years less than the funds raised not regulated the organizer's discretion applicable not applicable smart contract platform account after the ico bank account not guaranteed out correlation none between the jackpot size and the ticket price payout speed instant payout commission influence the rng tax winnings paid the lottery sales commission amount state regulation storage funds token payout funds raised anonymity matching numbers for winning the jackpot out not regulated smart contract after the ico paid the player high probability after purchasing out plus should order trueflip powerball none through bank transfer present state monopoly not applicable out page the number tickets bought per person firelotto smartbillion trueflip powerball almost unlimited unlimited how much will your tokens cost the future? token prices are influenced many different factors, including political and economic ones. can compare our product with trueflip, online lottery that already operating. you look the diagram below, you will see that the average price the tfl coin (true flip lottery) about usd (usd october (usd january page believe that the price the lotto token will exceed usd what will your marketing campaign include apart from the bounty program? will you offer any forms collaboration? there are several things that will promote fire lotto. referral campaign. the code the interface accessible users open source and open access. anyone can place link fire lotto their webpage integrate the lottery interface into their website. this case, the funds raised ticket sales will automatically transferred the referral partner's ethereum wallet. have already made settlements with number large gambling companies and payment providers, and work integrating our platform into their resources underway. result, our referral partners will able increase the number entertainment products offered their customers without creating new software and gain good income due the growth ethereum. for the fire lotto platform itself, the benefits that will enjoy from this collaboration are obvious. the structure expenditure advertising will fully transparent. the target audience will attracted the marketing specialists working for the referral partner. there will need employ lot staff. the advertising budget will managed effective way. page email marketing campaign which will cover more than million target customers worldwide. the advertising campaign for the fire lotto ico will include the promotion the lottery itself. the lottery platform will advertised international gambling exhibitions. the ice gaming show and the london affiliate conference, which will held london february are the first exhibitions that our team will attend. some the funds raised ticket sales will spent placing banners and articles various websites. how can sure that the information about winnings and the number tickets sold correct? there any tool that can used check this information? there statistics tab the lottery menu. this tab contains information about the number tickets sold, numbers drawn, jackpots and winners' wallets (showing how many numbers were matched and what the payouts were). this information can verified through etherscan and the program code shared github. where will the jackpot stored and how will funds transferred there? the jackpot for each lottery will stored corresponding smart contract. funds have already been transferred the smart contracts, and anybody can win jackpot now. after carry out all the necessary tests, will transfer more funds the smart contracts. funds can transferred there any time. also, each lottery ticket sold will make our jackpots grow. the lottery already the operating mode. have you had are you going have your smart contract checked independent auditor? no, have not had audited there need for it. subscribers our russian and english telegram groups, who know lot about the technology, have checked our code many times and confirmed that there are not any flaws. anybody can and check themselves. our users find any flaws the future, they will let know. platform performance monitored the internet community itself, which more transparent way than having trust auditor. there are too many questions that can raised auditor invited.where was this auditor certified? how page know that this person impartial? how often does the auditor recheck the code? why was this auditing company chosen? moreover, the fact that are planning obtain gaming licenses means that our software will certified. your ico successful, will you expand the platform (for example, adding new lotteries)? yes, are planning launch bingo and keno, two very popular lottery types after the ico completed. any other new lotteries appear the market and start gaining popularity, can easily add them the platform. this what makes our product unique. you have different development scenarios depending the amount funds raised? funds raised ticket sales will allocated the main and reserve prize pools. the bigger the prize pool, the more interesting play the lottery. aim allocate least the funds raised the prize pools. the funds will spent software development and maintenance. the funds will spent legalizing the product and obtaining licenses and permits (for example, isle man, gibraltar, curacao gaming licenses) order able operate globally. also need obtain several licenses enabling conduct currency exchange operations (fiat crypto) and give our users the opportunity make deposits and withdraw funds from their cryplocurrency wallets well play the lottery using fiat money. the funds will spent having our tokens listed fewer than three different exchanges. the funds will spent marketing and promoting the ico and the product itself. you have soft cap hard cap? yes. soft cap: usd (,, flot tokens). hard cap: usd ,,. case soft cap will not reached all investment payments will returned investors wallets. page when the first jackpot paid out, there will money left the prize pool. how are you going make payments after that? will you have suspend the operation the platform? each lottery has its own jackpot. the chances paying all them out the same time are extremely small. the probability winning lottery jackpot million. somebody wins jackpot, the new one will formed using funds from the reserve prize pool. the system arranged such way that funds collected each drawing are used only the next drawing. this means that the system replenishes itself, has reserve source funding and will hardly ever have face lack funds. also, has already been said, each jackpot has its own cryptocurrency wallet which our team can replenish with extra funds needed. what you think are the main risks the project? situation which the global community stops using cryptocurrencies they become banned and criminalized most developed countries. the use ethereum, the main means payment the moment, investment tool similar the way bitcoin now being used. the cost transactions will become very high and people will prefer keep their eth cold wallets, hoping the currency will start growing the future. this happens, will have switch alternative cryptocurrency with commensurate level security, accessibility, and speed operation. however, will take some time. believe that the blockchain technology can solve current problems the lottery industry like other tool. its implementation will bring the lottery industry new level development, making transparent and accessible possible. will you use kyc the sales process? yes. the near future, plan launch tool that will make possible accept non-cash payments using traditional currency. this way purchasing flot tokens requires that use kyc. how you plan minimize regulatory risks, especially those related the howey test? the main difference between the security token and the utility token that the first one enables its holder get profit without doing anything. person can simply buy token and get dividends. having analyzed the current international legislation, page adopted set measures aimed making clear that our tokens should not classified security tokens: holders our tokens will get commissions from sales rather than dividends. this system will essence the same the system referral payments discussed earlier. order receive commissions, each token holder has play the lottery. other words, each token holder will have buy certain number lottery tickets every month order able receive commissions from sales. the number tickets and the frequency purchases are being calculated the moment and will announced later. given that one lottery ticket costs only u.s. dollars, token holders will not have spend lot money buying lottery tickets, and the same time this measure will help solve legal issues and stimulate the lottery. -together with lawyers and advisors from new york, are discussing the option inviting professional investor our team. this will enable attract funds from u.s. citizens our ico accordance with the rules and requirements established the sec and u.s. government. rng algorithm step during drawing, the taken after the time current publicly hash code bitcoin block taken from blockchain.info. for example: adeacbedbafbebbedbdaa step array all the numbers that can drawn built. for example, array for the lottery will consist elements from inclusive. step the last bytes are taken from the bitcoin hash, where the number balls drawn. for example, for the lottery. step the number obtained from every four bytes goes through the modulo operation and divided the remaining number elements the array all available numbers. the remainder serves index the number that has been drawn from the array all available numbers. the number that has been drawn transferred separate array numbers drawn and deleted from the array all available numbers. step this iteration repeated times order get all numbers drawn. page optimized code for smart contract shown below. function getwinnumbers(string randomstr, uint numbercount, uint numbercountmax) constant public returns (bytes){ bytes random keccak(randomstr); bytes memory allnumbers new bytes(numberscountmax); bytes memory winnumbers new bytes(numberscount); for (uint numberscountmax; i++) allnumbers[i] byte(i for numberscount; i++) uint numberscountmax uint (uint (random[i (uint (random[i (uint (random[i (uint (random[i winnumbers[i] allnumbers[r]; allnumbers[r] allnumbers[n return winnumbers; page legal aspects purposes raising trust our lottery, increasing number players and possibility raise fiat funds had several successful consultations with the isle man gambling supervision commission. result, received affirmative statement about possibility getting the online gambling regulation act license for creating and holding internet gambling, including crypto lotteries with the right acceptance crypto funds and their free converting traditional worlds currencies. the fact this license opens the following possibilities: legal transparency our business; fiat funds acceptance from investors our company account; usage the traditional payment services sell the fire lotto lottery tickets (visa, mastercard, qiwi, paypal, webmoney and etc.) increasing numbers fire lotto players the world. period licensing approximately months. references global gambling report edition, http://www.gbgc.com/publications/global-gambling-report/. union gaming research, "global gaming technology," http://www.uniongaming.com/wp-content/uploads///gamingtech.pdf. marketing report "the world market traditional and online lotteries" https://firelotto.io/marketing_report.pdf page