page table contents introduction fitrova what fitrova the health fitness industry research overview problems with the health fitness industry technology application fitrova's solutions benefits fitrova based ethereum smart contracts data distribution via smart contracts the future blockchain distribution strategy token details pre-ico discounts initial coin offering discounts stake allocation token allocation business development plan working strategy things keep mind timeline roadmap page introduction fitrova what fitrova? the fitrova (frv) cryptocurrency designed primarily serve the health fitness industry way providing clear and concise payment system together with harnessing blockchain technology maintain accurate billing and membership details aswell logging user flow and sharing individual client goals and feedback amongst internally linked health clubs that are part the branded network. health fitness industry research overview the health and fitness industry one that always the uprise. health clubs provide their customers with the infrastructure including exercise equipment for their workouts and physical activity exchange for membership fee. the global fitness and health club industry generates more than billion u.s. dollars revenue per year. the north american market had estimated size more than billion u.s. dollars which percent, around billion u.s. dollars, was attributable the united states. the u.s. the single biggest market worldwide not only terms revenue but regards the number members health fitness clubs well. the global market fragmented with particular chain taking large share the worldwide market. market leaders are rather limited more local (countries, geographical region) ranks. amongst the health fitness club companies with revenues excess one billion u.s. dollars are planet fitness, anytime fitness and clubcorp. total more than thousand fitness health clubs were operation worldwide, which about thousand are located the united states. these clubs the u.s. had about million members. globally more than million people were members health/fitness club. about percent people the united states, who work out least once month, say that exercise, workout sports general part their daily routine according statista survey. almost two thirds people who regularly exercise are, have been some point, member health club gym. the main reasons for exercising are stay healthy, weight reduction, optimizing strength and/or endurance and get better-looking body and improving overall appearance. page problems with the health fitness industry issue: breachable client privacy holding client particulars such dob, address and other related details about person needs kept out wrong hands and only shared with the appropriate health club that the client has given permission directly. problem: client information easily breached solution: private information about client/member now part the integral blockchain network which secures against possible data breaches. issue: inconsistent client records and billing having up-to-date record keeping system capable documenting individual transactions within secure business ledger important for any health club sustain its growth not only retaining existing members but also acquiring new clients. problem: inconsistent and outdated membership information solution: membership information now seamlessly fully integrated within the structured blockchain for precise record keeping and secured against any fraudulent transaction history. issue: membership logs and timestamps logging each member's visit with accurate timestamp including the exact time and date he/she has accessed the health club along with which piece equipment any has been used will aid with tracking user flow and equipment negligence. problem: non-tracking user flow and equipment usage solution: each visit can now fully tracked with exact timestamp entry/exit the premises along with being able trace the start time duration individual equipment use. page technology application fitrova's solutions benefits benefit fast, inexpensive reliable the frv token offers easy and effortless payments whilst avoiding expensive costs blockchain transactions and data storage. fitrova also delivers sustainable network capable delivering lighting fast transactions and the distribution important client data. benefit fitrova implemented blockchain technology (fibt) this new innovation will allow health and fitness clubs gain more control over day practices and providing added benefits club owners through use smart contracts. benefit secure client privacy holding client particulars such dob, address and other related details about person needs kept out wrong hands and only shared with the appropriate health club that the client has given permission directly. fitrova secures private information about client/member now part the integral blockchain network which secures against possible data breaches. benefit accurate client records having up-to-date record keeping system capable documenting individual transactions within secure business ledger important for any health club sustain its growth not only retaining existing members but also acquiring new clients. such membership information now seamlessly fully integrated within the structured blockchain for precise record keeping and secured against any fraudulent transaction history. benefit membership logs timestamps logging each member's visit with accurate timestamp including the exact time and date he/she has accessed the health club along with which piece equipment any has been used will aid with tracking user flow and equipment negligence. now each visit can now fully tracked with exact timestamp entry/exit the premises along with being able trace the start time duration individual equipment use. page fitrova based ethereum smart contracts smart contracts are central component next-generation blockchain platforms. the main goal smart contract enable two anonymous parties business with each other, usually over the internet, without the need for middleman. fast inexpensive easy and effortless payments whilst avoiding expensive costs blockchain transactions and data storage. reliable sustainable network capable delivering lighting fast transactions and the distribution important client data. using ethereum smart contracts, can deliver the above criteria. our ethereumbased contracts all comply with the erc standard, which has gained significant prominence among developers. more detailed info about the erc standard can found here. note: impossible corrupt censor smart contracts, because they are placed decentralized infrastructure. data distribution via smart contracts smart contracts will created for the distribution membership fees and client data including contract dates, timestamps and related particulars. the future blockchain fitrova will the heart blockchain development the health and fitness industry. such, new and exciting blockchain applications, most which have not yet been thought of, will eventually developed over greater timeline with the overall goal providing more seamless and robust systematic process. page distribution strategy token details ico start: mar monday, softcap hardcap: token: frv decimal places: total tokens: ,,, project protocol: erc pre-ico discounts discount during the pre-ico period. availability ,,, coins. initial coin offering discounts round round discount during the first seed round. discount during the second seed round. availability ,,, coins availability ,,, coins round round discount during the third seed round. discount during the final seed round. availability ,,, coins availability ,,, coins page stake allocation token allocation page business development plan working strategy increased coin value coin holders project funds partner acquisition network release technical development exchange trading team things keep mind the health fitrova, its platform and all technical developments are subject changes the interpretation, application, marketing and anticipated timeline. not foresee any future problems setbacks arising although sudden changes can impact the launch, utility and/or value the coin and management reserves the right action such changes. changes can but not limited internal policies, personnel restructuring, coin distributions, technical developments the frv coin and/or external factors outside our control. although this document details the functionality the fitrova platform, the value the frv coin will depend the health the platform and the adoption its use its users, partners and the general public, which can impacted many factors that are beyond our control. addition, the ability trade the coin internet exchanges may impacted third parties and their trading policies. new policies and regulations governing the use the frv coin and/or online exchanges may affect its value the ability for trade the market. page timeline technical development stage pre-ico launch ico official launch technical development stage launch frv exchanges exchange enhancements user/market feedback research page promotional marketing activities fitrova fitness app (alpha) further exchange listings further feedback research further partnership acquisitions technical development stage fitrova fitness app (beta) initial test rollout stage further marketing activities page general ta/feedback research further exchange listings fitrova fitness app (final) expanded rollout stage promotional marketing activities further ta/feedback research pre-launch stage rollout rollout stage final page