flowchain whitepaper version: update: flowchain flowchain distributed ledger for peer-to-peer iot networks and real-time data transactions jollen chen, founder ceo jollen@flowchain.io https://t.me/jollenchen https://flowchain.co (c) the flowchain foundation limited rights reserved. part this white paper may reproduced transmitted any form any means, including photocopying and recording, without the written permission the copyright holder, application for which should addressed the flowchain foundation limited. such written permission must also obtained before any part this publication stored retrieval system any nature. index introduction abstract flowchain new blueprint for the future iot and flowchain iot blockchain concept dilemma and solution preliminary industry dilemma "computing power" and "electricity" private blockchain flowchain real strength action the best proof flowchain architecture the key the decentralized iot software flowchain the core technology and iot heterogeneous hardware hardware flowchain tokenized chip the key organizing iot blockchain ppki background hybrid blockchain and use cases pseudonymous authentication method puzzle miner algorithm virtual blocks the purpose virtual blocks conceptual framework virtual blocks process and algorithm virtual blocks virtual blocks miner virtual blocks consensus algorithm virtual blocks approval sequence peer-to-peer trusted computing security considerations object storage for time-series data flowchain ecosystem ecosystem overview "partners" and "platform users" alliance for software and hardware integration emc vendors contributors improve the platform open source developers collaborators support the network miners innovators strengthen the ecosystem dapp vendors flowchain team flowchain foundation digital assets flc token type token distribution token metrics private sale planning token distribution layer public mining token usage purchase and use flc howey test roadmap conclusion flowchain whitepaper introduction abstract this paper describes the flowchain distributed ledger technology (dlt), the flowchain digital assets (flc), and the flowchain iot solutions (referred "products and services"). developers, users, and enterprises should pay the products and services flc; further, they can pay the transaction fees block producers (referred "miners") the flowchain hybrid blockchain network flc. based flowchain innovative technologies, flowchain's iot solutions aim provide data ready total solution the enterprises. the year more than iot devices will connected across the world and most them will act real-time manner. however, current existing iot technologies not provide such real-time capabilities. adopting flowchain iot solutions, the enterprises can fill the technology gaps. notably, the technology flowchain dlt and iot solutions was built from the ground meet the needs iot. flowchain's technologies are supported four peerreviewed papers. two reviewed papers are published acm publications. summary, flowchain ready for data the flowchain iot solutions comprise multiple private blockchains, and public trusted blockchain, such architecture called flowchain hybrid blockchain architecture. the private blockchains provide edge computing environment ensure better real-time computing capabilities. generally, large amount data are transferred from the endpoint (the iot devices) the public cloud. however, the public cloud can not ensure the real-time computing (c) the flowchain foundation limited flowchain whitepaper due the limited network bandwidth and the long distance data transfer. the enterprises can benefit from flowchain hybrid blockchain with the edge computing solutions. flowchain new blueprint for the future iot and figure "artificial intelligence (ai)" aims continuously provide huge amounts information computers, allowing them develop "machine learning" through statistical and probabilistic analysis methods, and then through "artificial neural networks" shape and achieve "deep learning"; the ultimate goal create computer that can think independently like human beings. moreover, "internet things (iot)," proposed kevin ashton, director the mit autoid center aims connect real-world objects the internet through data capture and communication capabilities. the computer detects, identifies, manages and controls the device, and has broad market and application prospects transportation and logistics, medical field and smart devices. flowchain's vision adopt the "blockchain" technology and use create great value connecting the two areas "artificial intelligence" and "internet things" that are not highly correlated and highly specialized. what flowchain wants build not (c) the flowchain foundation limited flowchain whitepaper just blockchain technology, but new blueprint for the future iot and artificial intelligence about revolution "ai iot." flowchain iot blockchain concept the ieee released newsletter january analyze the technical challenges the iot blockchain. mentioned that from the perspective iot architecture, there exists several significant technical challenges the iot blockchain. conclusion, "decentralized iot architecture" will the opportunity address such technical challenges. when the blockchain technology applied the iot architecture, the "decentralized" iot architecture required become standard discussion topic. however, what benefits does this decentralized architecture bring iot applications? the most critical issue data privacy. when people transfer iot data specific iot platform, they lose control valuable data ownership, usage rights, and storage. data the most important asset the internet things system. therefore, view the nature the regression blockchain, iot blockchain can provide data privacy solutions for existing iot network architectures, and the same time, data security can improved through the introduction trust mechanism. data privacy and data security are the major two issues the iot architecture, and also have intersection semantic web's appeals. that say, from the perspective application scenario, iot blockchain technology does not solve the deep technical problems, but provides the additional commercial value data privacy and trust for the existing iot industry ecology. therefore, the reason why flowchain needs have decentralized architecture not for inventing new technology, but the desire create such additional business value. iot and blockchain convergence: benefits and challenges, http://iot.ieee.org/newsletter/january-/iot-and-blockchain-convergence-benefits-and-challenges.html (c) the flowchain foundation limited flowchain whitepaper from technical perspective, how can create decentralized iot architecture? present, the most common view implement the iot network using peer-to-peer technology. the flowchain project system that wants build iot blockchain the same way peer-to-peer networking. dilemma and solution preliminary the edge device iot mainly based "sensor," which does not have enough computing power, because such sensors are usually constraint devices. therefore, the future data collected will used "data mining," cultivating ai, developers must rely additional "computing power" inputs. present, the source computing power mainly "graphics processing unit (gpu)," also known display core, visual processor, display chip graphics chip, which not only expensive but also expensive operate. "electricity" has always been the main reason for companies stagnate and hinder the burgeoning development related industries such and iot. for such industry dilemma, flowchain proposes solution called "hybrid blockchain" which combination "public blockchain" and "private blockchain." for such industry dilemma, flowchain proposes solution called "hybrid blockchain" which combination "public blockchain" and "private blockchain". (c) the flowchain foundation limited flowchain whitepaper industry dilemma "computing power" and "electricity" recent years, the "miner" trend brought about the rise bitcoin; social movement global cryptocurrency mining has followed. the flowchain looks the largest computing network ever made initially estimating that the miners scattered around the world can provide least computing power. instead investing large capital for building and operating centralized computing power center, flowchain proposes second option building decentralized "computing and resource pool" (referred "computing pool") through the blockchain the underlying technology; inviting miners scattered around the world participante and share their "idle computing power" and "excess storage space" required iot and ai. this way, developers who are doing "big data," "machine learning" "internet things" can enjoy the computing power and storage space this decentralized computing and resource pool relatively low cost, forming "distributed computing power and network storage platform and the business model." conservatively estimated that even only the miners the world are stationed, this computing and resource pool still has huge computing power private companies which need construct centralized computing center provide such computing power have invest large amount money buy gpus. such cost estimated gpus (providing computing power) dollars (the price gpu) about billion. this figure has not yet included miscellaneous items such "land acquisition fee", "factory construction fee" and "electricity fee"; saving such huge amount expenses will undoubtedly shot the arm and iot and other related industries. private blockchain flowchain developing exclusive chips and "software development kit (sdk)," flowchain allows iot companies and developers easily customize their products and services and build (c) the flowchain foundation limited flowchain whitepaper their own iot blockchain the flowchain platform. the huge amount data collected from the device will passed back the flowchain computing and resource pool; the miner will provide the computing power calculate the more intelligent "inference engine (ai)", and then push back the iot blockchain let the device upgrade become smarter and more efficient. this escalating positive cycle the new blueprint portrayed flowchain "the fourth industrial revolution iot generation." figure compared with most iot blockchain, which emphasizes the connectivity technology the device, flowchain thinks that the key point "data flow"; that is, data the "flows" between the device and the computing and resource pool. the concept also the origin the flowchain name "dataflow's blockchain." (c) the flowchain foundation limited flowchain whitepaper real strength action the best proof compared other blockchain projects, flowchain officially launched the token sale program after completing the preliminary research, development and prototyping phases. the research phase, flowchain has published several peer-reviewed academic papers listed below. figure (c) the flowchain foundation limited flowchain whitepaper figure december the test network flowchain was officially launched. since its inception, flowchain has achieved the ideal blueprint step step with practical action and real strength. flowchain architecture make the flowchain platform more complete, and build sustainable blockchain ecosystem, flowchain introduces the concept "blockchain software and hardware integration." besides, create flowchain operating system, the underlying technology flowchain, also take taiwan's advantage the hardware manufacturing industry and strategic alliance with the electronic manufacturing services (emc) vendor. this ecosystem works together build complete flowchain platform. (c) the flowchain foundation limited flowchain whitepaper the key the decentralized iot there technical challenge implementing peer-to-peer (pp) network the iot architecture? the goal implementing iot networking enable iot devices establish communication topology. such implementation effort technical challenge. technically, may not much difficult for iot devices form network; however, you deeper into the technical details, you find much knowledge. first, consider the application layer, iot devices communicate with each other application layer protocols, such http. therefore, need able run "application server" the iot device, that is, must implement "programming framework" before can develop the application server the iot device. the programming framework mentioned here can iot operating system middleware, but the main point why pp's iot networking uses the top-level application layer protocols; this interesting topic worth exploring. second, the consideration heterogeneous hardware. flowchain started with the creation web things framework the purpose this software framework implement development framework for iot application server javascript. with this framework, you can achieve two purposes: can run this iot application server different iot devices abstraction iot device virtual thing the heterogeneous hardware has javascript runtime, the iot application server can deployed and run such hardware device. because the open source community has introduced technologies such node.js and jerryscript, the idea now highly feasible. web things implementations, https://www.w.org/wot/ig/wiki/implementations (c) the flowchain foundation limited flowchain whitepaper software flowchain the core technology and iot figure flowchain the soul flowchain, and also the core technology bridging computing pool and iot blockchain. compared with other blockchain projects which are built the ethereum open source blockchain platform. flowchain chooses build from zero. the new blockchain organization shown above, and described from bottom top (c) the flowchain foundation limited flowchain whitepaper javascript runtime the programming language flowchain javascript one the most popular programming languages, and the leader the "github popular programming languages" list, which why flowchain uses the primary language flowchain. not only can javascript run different hardware, but the entry barrier low, allowing developers iot industries customize their services and products easily, and then generate more computing tasks the platform attract miners stationed accelerate the growth the flowchain ecosystem. heterogeneous hardware the concept heterogenous hardware straightforward: wide range hardware devices. the goal heterogeneous hardware more straightforward "write once, run everywhere." for iot blockchain, would vital issue build software framework that can implemented and execute wide variety hardware devices. using javascript implement the iot system popular, but the more substantial reason for heterogenous hardware. shown figure flowchain and its underlying operating system (devify) are javascript implementations, which solves fundamental portability issues. with today's iot device hardware technology, flowchain framework can run microcontroller, microprocessor and cloud server. flowchain full-stack software framework, meaning that its implementation from the bottom the top uses javascript. (c) the flowchain foundation limited flowchain whitepaper figure web things layer how connect between edge devices "web things, wot" the application layer iot web technology. short, the concept adding "uniform resource locator (url)" iot representing each device url over iot network. the decentralized iot network, resources are managed implementing the wc's wot standard. just like the http and web protocols, the underlying iot resources can easily stored and read. flowchain has been using the wot concept since its inception and the only iot blockchain project employ wot concept iot firm. broker server layer conversion between public and private blockchains flowchain hybrid blockchain architecture comprising public proof-of-work blockchain and multiple proof-of-stake private blockchains. the public blockchain allows the "miners" who are distributed around the world participate freely without permission providing computing power and mining "pseudonymous authentication" receive block rewards. also, surrounded public blockchain, iot (c) the flowchain foundation limited flowchain whitepaper developers use the flowchain sdk and the private blockchains the iot device equipped with flowchain tokenized chips provide collected information the "miners" for calculation. the communication between miners and the iot device employs the ppki mechanism proposed flowchain and tokenized chips validate the transactions the information. figure public blockchain anyone can join the blockchain network, meaning that the blockchain network entirely open users for submitting transactions, accessing shared ledgers, and mining. flowchain's computing pool built the public blockchain. addition providing the pseudonymous authentication and computing capabilities required machine learning and data analysis for iot devices the private chain, also has essential attributes the blockchain such immutable, trusted data exchange, and permanent storage. (c) the flowchain foundation limited flowchain whitepaper private blockchain unlike public blockchains, only authenticated users can join the private blockchain network. the user needs request permissions from authority the private blockchain for joining the network. the authority validates the authenticity user, and grant permissions authenticated users for submitting transactions and accessing shared ledgers. peer-to-peer iot networking flowchain enables iot devices form (peer-to-peer) decentralized blockchain network. addition providing data model and data replicas capabilities for iot and applications, also ensures security for data and data trusted. figure such ring structure, the mit chord algorithm used the node lookup and the location the node which the data belongs. the complexity reduced from o(logn) o(logn/). increase the speed lookup. hybrid consensus node shown figure the flowchain hybrid blockchain comprises "private blockchain," "hybrid consensus node" and "public blockchain" from the outside the inside. the role the "hybrid consensus node" follows: (c) the flowchain foundation limited flowchain whitepaper participation the private blockchain's "byzantine fault tolerance" responsible for "identify" iot devices figure flowchain introduces "pseudonymous authentication" technology; the mechanism "pseudonymous public key infrastructure (ppki) used confirm the valid identity the iot device. the process follows: miners the public chain produce pair "puzzle" and "lambda" values hybrid consensus node gets "puzzle" and "lambda" value from the public blockchain. hybrid consensus node broadcasts "puzzle" all iot devices the private blockchain during the effective period puzzle, the iot device that answers the puzzle answer the same time can become "authenticated" during this time. miners who assist generating puzzle and participating the trusted device verification process will rewarded with flowchaincoin. hybrid blockchain and pseudonymous authentication for secure and trusted iot networks (j. chen, (c) the flowchain foundation limited flowchain whitepaper distributed ledger layer api/sdk for developers "decentralized applications (dapps)" are computer programs consisting smart contracts programmatic self-execution protocols. flowchain's dapps are written javascript and can applied different hardware make iot developers easily customizing their services and products. hardware flowchain tokenized chip the key organizing iot blockchain the flowchain tokenized chip, which was developed collaboration with strategic partners, will utilized edge devices the private blockchains. subsequently, the hybrid node miners use ppki, the pki replacement proposed flowchain, authenticate edge devices enable them joining the flowchain network. joining the network, edge devices can submit data the public blockchain. ppki flowchain's unique security solution for iot authentication. section describes the ppki concept and algorithms. (c) the flowchain foundation limited flowchain whitepaper ppki background "public key infrastructure"; also known pki information infrastructure consisted hardware, software, participants, management policies and processes which designed create, manage, distribute, use, store, and revoke digital credentials. the internet things (iot) devices can generate and exchange security-critical data over the iot network. many iot networks use the public-key infrastructure (pki) authenticate devices and ensure the data security well the data privacy. the iot device has sign the generated data digital public key, and deliver the data the network for exchanging. however, such authentication method tends expensive for iot device regarding computing power and energy consumption. summary, there are hundreds millions devices the iot operating the same time. pki used consensus mechanism, will consume huge resources and time, causing system paralysis. therefore, flowchain proposed ppki particular replace the traditional pki the private blockchains. hybrid blockchain and use cases hybrid blockchain comprises public and private blockchains. the hybrid blockchain creates openness and trust transactions the public blockchain, and protect the privacy-sensitive data the private blockchain. such technique has already been proposed secure blockchains and applied digital rights management the use cases the hybrid blockchain are follows. (c) the flowchain foundation limited flowchain whitepaper hybrid blockchain, the private blockchain can determine which transactions are public, and submit these transactions the public blockchain for open access. hybrid blockchain, the public blockchain can store transactions secure data provenance. based the application design and business logic, the blockchain architect can use the public blockchain, private blockchain, hybrid model leveraging the benefits both public and private blockchains. achieve secure and inexpensive blockchain for the iot, flowchain introduces hybrid blockchain architecture shown figure enable fast authentication eliminating the concept traditional pki methods. furthermore, our work can address the technical challenge achieving efficient and secure iot device exchange the captured data blockchain technology. the miners the public blockchain can ensure fast certification comes from the edge device the private blockchain, speeding the transfer data each other. ppki one the innovative technologies the flowchain blockchain, and flowchain also the world's first blockchain introduce ppki technology. pseudonymous authentication method previously described, the distributed computing uses the full authentication technique such the pki control access their networks. also, most existing blockchains use such pki technique authenticate users, secure the communications and verify transactions multi-party computation. however, the study has figured that such pki technique too strong enable fast communication. specifically, the iot blockchain need authenticate nodes with fast; such, flowchain proposes the goldwasser and lindell. secure multi-party computation without agreement. journal cryptology, ():-, katz, miller, and shi. pseudonymous broadcast and secure computation from cryptographic puz- zles. (c) the flowchain foundation limited flowchain whitepaper pseudonymous authentication technique address such technical challenge. the pseudonymous authentication uses the technique computational puzzles solving replace the pki enable fast authentication. moreover, such pki technique too strong that involves confirming the identity user validating the authenticity user with digital certificate. unlike strong authentication technique, the user anonymous such pseudonymous authentication system, and the system validates the authenticity the anonymous user the consensus the solution. the pseudonymous authentication uses weaker but secures enough authenticity system. the blockchains such bitcoin which don't use strong authentication systems have proven the notion pseudonymous authentication tremendous success. summary, figure shows that iot nodes the hybrid blockchain network are pseudonymously authenticated the private permissioned blockchain ensure near real-time transactions. puzzle miner algorithm the users, represented iot nodes this paper, can join the private blockchain and submit transactions the public blockchain solving computational puzzle mined the miners. the puzzles are computed miners the public blockchain, and broadcasting the private blockchains. flowchain hybrid blockchain uses lottery function generate konami code which can used verify the solution. formally, let konami code, truly random magic string generated the lottery function, and each puzzle bound this konami code. let fpuz the puzzle solving function, and represents each user. then, the user does not submit the solution the puzzle the public blockchains within fixed time interval, the public blockchain assumes that the user unauthenticated. also, the transactions submitted the unauthenticated user are considered untrusted which can discarded. therefore, untrusted transactions will not (c) the flowchain foundation limited flowchain whitepaper recorded the public blockchain. this paper assumes that the user can solve puzzle within fixed time interval then the mining process the miners follows. puzzle miner algorithm: starts receiving from the broadcasting let puzzle function and ssj string; receives puzzle (puzzle, xj) from peer the private blockchain over the network let puzzle(l) gives arbitrary-length vector the konami code, then (x, xn), make copy) download .xls step review each characteristic and determine whether not applies the token step select for each characteristic from the drop down menu step review results the bottom this page element investment money there investment money? characteristic points there crowdsale. new tokens are given away for free, are earned through mining tokens are sold for value (crowdsale) explanation tokens which are not sold for value not involve investment money. for example, all tokens are distributed for free, are only produced through mining, then there sale for value. tokens which are sold crowdsale, any time, regardless whether sold for fiat digital currency (or anything else value) involve investment money examples there was never any token sale for bitcoin. the only way acquire new bitcoin via mining. token which randomly distributed for free token which sold for bitcoin crowdsale. token which sold for ether crowdsale. total for element element common enterprise what the timing the sale? characteristic points explanation examples pre-deployment sale tokens before any code has been developer has idea for new protocol, deployed blockchain more likely writes white paper and does crowdsale. result common enterprise where the profits arise from the efforts others. this because the buyers are completely dependent the actions the developers, and the buyers cannot actually participate the network until later time. the protocol operational test network live network operational there functioning network there less likely there common enterprise where the profits arisef rom the efforts others. the closer the sale launch the network, the less likley there common enterprise. developer has idea for new protocol, writes white paper and deploys working test network before doing crowdsale. the token sold once there operational the crowdsale done the same time the network using the token, sold immediately network launched. before the network goes live, again less likely result common enterprise what token holders have order get economic benefits from the network? characteristic points explanation examples all token holders will returns are paid all token holders equally 'hodltoken' holders are automatically paid always receive the (or proportion their token holdings) amount eth each week, based fees same returns regardless any action the part the generated other users the network token holder, then their interests are more likely aligned common enterprise 'foldtoken' does not pay any return, and there way earn more tokens within the network (but they can bought, sold traded) there possibility varying returns between token holders, based their participation use the network token holders' returns depend their own efforts, and can vary depending the amount effort they each put in, then there less likely common enterprise 'cloudtoken' holders can earn more tokens providing data storage the network, can spend tokens access data storage. holders who not provide data storage not earn any more tokens. total for element element expectation profit what function does the token have? characteristic points explanation examples ownership equity interest legal entity, including general partnership entitlement share profits and/or losses, assets and/or liabilities gives holder status creditor lender claim bankruptcy equity interest holder creditor right repayment purchase price and/or payment interest function other than mere existence tokens which give, purport give, traditional equity, debt other investor rights are almost certainly securities. developer releases and sells 'bakershares' tokens. each token entitles the holder share baker, inc. developer releases and sells one more these characteristics 'bakerprofit' tokens. each token entitles the apply, the token almost certainly holder the profits baker, inc. for the security, notwithstanding the results the next year. other elements developer releases and sells 'bakerdebt' tokens. each token entitles the holder principal and interest repayments based the initial token sale price. token which does not have any real function, used network with real function, very likely bought with expectation profit from the efforts others, because real use participation token holders possible. developer releases and sells 'socialcoin' tokens fund the development new social network. however, socialcoin not required access the network and has real function after the sale. voting rights alone not constitute real functionality. specific functionality that only available token holders token which has specific function that 'cloudtoken' the only way access and only available token holders more likely use decentralized file storage network. purchased order access that function and less likely purchased with expectation profit. does the holder rely manual, off-blockchain action realize the benefit the token? characteristic points explanation examples manual action token whose value depends someone developer releases and sells 'freightcoin', required outside the taking specific manual action outside the which will allow the holder pay freightcoin network (e.g. offnetwork means that the token not functional access capacity new real-world freight blockchain) order for and itself. instead, the token relies network. the network relies legal the holder get the level trust third party taking action offcontractual relationships and manual actions. benefit the token blockchain. this sort token more likely (this alone does not make freightcoin bought for speculation i.e. the expectation security) profits. all functionality inherent the token and occurs programmatically token which built with all the necessary technical permissions means that the token holder does not rely manual actions any third party. this means that the buyers are more likely purchase the token for use rather than with the expectation profit from the efforts others. what the timing the sale? characteristic points explanation pre-deployment sale tokens before any code has been deployed blockchain more likely result buyers purchasing for speculative reasons with the expectation profit, rather than practical use cases. the protocol the sale occurs after code has been operational test deployed and tested, the token closer network being able used live network the token sold once there operational operational network using the token, immediately before the network goes live, more likely purchased with the intention use rather than profit. can the token holders exercise real and significant control via voting? characteristic points explanation token holders the collective approval token holders whole are able required order for the development team control the access the funds raised the crowdsale, then development team's any value realized the token holders access funds more closely tied their own decisions, and less reliant the efforts others. holders 'songvotetoken' can sign transactions the network votes for their favorite new songs and earn rewards for doing so. examples developer has idea for new protocol, writes white paper and does crowdsale. developer has idea for new protocol, writes white paper and develops working test network before doing crowdsale. the live network launched before the crowdsale. examples development team sells tokens for total eth. eth will released from the token contract the development team immediately, but the remainder only released once milestones are met, which requires approval majority the token holders each time. the milestones are never met, the remaining eth will returned the token holders. token holders whole are able vote significant decisions for the protocol the collective approval token holders required order make significant changes the protocol, then any value realized the token holders more closely tied their own decisions, and less reliant the efforts others. changes the protocol require vote token holders. note: voting rights must addition functionality. token with voting rights alone and other real functionality very likely satisfy element how the token sale marketed? characteristic points explanation marketed 'initial not possible prevent some buyers from coin offering' similar buying token purely for speculation. however, marketing the token investment leads buyers believe they can profit from holding trading the token, rather than from using the token the network. examples 'profitcoin' includes potential 'high roi' and 'investor profits' its marketing material. using terms like 'initial coin offering' 'ico', and investment-related language like 'returns' and 'profits' encourages buyers buy token for speculation, rather than use. marketed token sale marketed sale tokens which give the right access and use the network there economic return possible from using the network there genuinely economic return possible for the token holders, then there unlikely common enterprise. this will rare. backers contribute cause and receive 'thank you' token which has economic value. results guide your results total points how likely the element satisfied? less very unlikely total for element unlikely total for element equally likely and unlikely total for element overall risk score likely more very likely token will only security satisfies all three elements. the higher the point score for each element, the more likely the element satisfied. for many blockchain tokens, the first two elements the howey test are likely met. the third element has the most variables and the most different outcomes depending the characteristics the particular token. important notes please remember that this methodology produces nothing more than estimate. the overall risk score and the categories likelihood are guide only. the howey test has not yet been directly applied the courts any digital currency blockchain token. the howey test applied the courts does not involve any points-based calculation. the points system intended guide highlight the characteristics token which are relevant the securities law analysis. this framework should read together with the full legal analysis. this framework and the full legal analysis may updated the future the law this area develops. you should not rely this framework legal advice. designed for general informational purposes only, guide certain the conceptual considerations associated with the narrow issues addresses. you should seek advice from your own counsel, who familiar with the particular facts and circumstances what you intend and can give you tailored advice. this framework provided "as is" with representations, warranties obligations update, although reserve the right modify change this framework from time time. attorney-client relationship privilege created, nor this intended attorney advertising any jurisdiction. last updated december this work licensed under creative commons attribution-sharealike international license.