fluttercoin: peer-to-peer electronic currency with proof-of-transaction thekidcoin (thekidcoin@gmail.com) march abstract. one the descendants bitcoin, fluttercoin sets itself apart the first crypto-currency provide transactions proof participation. proof-oftransaction adds additional layer blockchain and transactional security allowing economic participants prove they were involved transaction. this system verifies the coinbase every proof-of-work block, and validity proof-of-transaction reward lack thereof. the result, secures the blockchain all unmodified nodes will reject invalid blocks that should shouldn't have included proof-of-transaction rewards. introduction since the inception bitcoin, mining reward has been reserved for the miner. miners this writing range from individuals corporate operations, and require specialized hardware and energy consumption solve proof-of-work blocks. this system effectively eliminates most individuals from participating mining, and instead forces them participate through investment, gifting, payment acceptance. another issue with the current model the possibility that attacker can modify transaction order data via attacks similar. while there have been improvements bitcoin's system, most notably proof-of-stake minting, does not far enough. proof-of-transaction sets out solve both issues. proof-of-transaction proof-of-work, introduced with bitcoin provides the initial catalyst for mining and spending coins, and later replaced extent proof-of-stake, which provides rewards for securing the network through proof coin ownership. with the advent proof-of-transaction, now allow adopters the network generate partial proofof-work mining rewards return for verifying their participation the previous block's transaction record. addition, proof-of-transaction adds layer security eliminating the possibility re-order modify large chains block transactions because doing would possibly cause block rejected all other behaving nodes, resulting the attacker effectively forking onto their own incompatible blockchain. proof-of-transaction reward generation proof-of-transaction rewards are decided essentially acceptance new block the network. each block, the previous block's transactions, and each address contained said transactions, within the system parameters, are evaluated for reward comparing each address the previous block's hash. take for example block with addresses included transaction that sent fluttercoins from one jack jill: previous block hash: cafebfabebcffbbeececbdbef jack's address fhdrtwhqffplecweteqvzkbunsfvqs jill's address frwnpwesvhjqmzxfyplrgfkwihbjvfb first start converting each address evaluate into hex format, until either all addresses have been evaluated, match found: jack's hex address: dadbada jill's hex address: safabadafbccf the above example, the search term for each above address follows: jack's search term: jill's search term: each exact term used search for match the above previous block's hash: jack's search for cafebfabebcffbbeececbdbef result: false jill's search for cafebfabebcffbbeececbdbef result: true the result match for jill's search term, resulting jill's address frwnpwesvhjqmzxfyplrgfkwihbjvfb being rewarded fluttercoins) the next block's proof-of-work reward fluttercoins. order for the above block accepted the network, the search done each node accepting the block, looking particularly for the coinbase size, coinbase reward, and address involved the coinbase. there any deviation, which would happen through re-ordering transactions modification transactions, the block rejected the network. additional consideration proof-of-transaction one the considerations implementing something like proof-of-transaction the fact that there are those who would seek exploit this system for their gain. measures were put place prevent such automated spamming the blockchain for this purpose. they include parameters which this writing set transaction value greater than fluttercoins, maximum transactions per block, and maximum number outputs per transaction the case transaction outputs, the limit exceeded, only the first outputs are considered. these measure and all future measures with regard proof-of-transaction seek eliminate the possibility simply flooding block with transactions sending many addresses the hopes mining proof-oftransaction reward. conclusion hope that proof-of-transaction will provide additional layer security, while also allowing participants the economy unknowingly participate securing and being rewarded for their adoption fluttercoin electronic currency. acknowledgement would like thank all the adopters and supporters fluttercoin, well those without whose brilliant work this project wouldn't possible, including but not limited the developers all crypto-currencies before fluttercoin.