white paper premier seats membership global consumer network decentralized cash-back rewards the fluz fluz white paper currently draft form and subject change. will finalized closer the date the public token sale. table contents executive summary roadmap definitions screenshots user interface responsibility statement mission role blockchain market consumer retail partners the network model summary our network competition community marketing user journey technology blockchain management board advisors token economy and premier seats membership summary fluz token opportunity milestones roadmap media links token sale faq disclaimer executive summary the consumer problem the decentralized cash back consumers everywhere want stretch solution their money, especially when comes fluz essential household purchases like shopping experience telecommunications, alternate, more food, gasoline, fluz the disrupts current the traditional through rewarding travel, pharmacy, apparel and on. fluz currently, there adequate way network bundle the purchasing power make consumer's extended social network high get cash rewards. the tools place are sustainable business model. model, money, fluz all avenue. consumer participants thereby consumer creating stickiness and incapable meeting customer demand because they are time consuming and fluz fluz's stickiness derived from complicated use. the same time the fact that current network members bargaining power shifting away from (aka consumers towards larger merchants. cash fluzzers) back everyday the can rewards household purchases generate through their purchases and their extended social network. fluz fluz operates instantaneous digital retail code marketplace where consumption codes can redeemed retail pos, and generate fluz points for the purchaser and their participating upstream network. our binary network model each fluzzer's network can grow members through downline network levels. the total cash back split between the purchasing fluzzer and the premier seats membership participating network. benefits for market participants the fluz fluz model, there are fees consumers, our so-called "fluzzers", hidden costs and only the network's can earn thousands dollars every consumption, the mere invitation new month from their network's combined members not rewarded. purchases. moreover they can transfer fluz (cash back rewards points) consumers are free reflect their normal anyone their network easy-to- consumption habits and preferences use mobile environment. fluzzers can any the available retail partners. instantly begin earning cash without long the fluzzer makes least two changing their shopping work habits monthly item purchases any value digitally purchasing and redeeming retailer through the network and remains fluz fluz gift cards from variety active the site under "give and take" everyday logic, she can generate cash back benefit through fluz fluz bundling through the purchasing power bundling. consumer retailers. demand large and merchants receiving consumer insight. smaller merchants benefit acquiring new customers who are part the fluz fluz network. role blockchain fluz fluz premier network seats membership eco-system the fluz token can used purchase the fluz fluz business model ideally premier positioned benefit from blockchain intended that once the blockchain technology. currently, the model platform developed, the premier seat and running off-chain environment, membership may bought and sold. but intends switch gradually the this may facilitated through private blockchain seat membership exchange provided sustain the scale-up global consumer fluz fluz where people exchange cash-back network based digital gift information seat performance and cards. recognize that blockchain agree with each each other directly evolving technology and that the current eco-system traditional third the fluz fluz team working trying party merchants and consumers will only bring new and exciting additional utilities allow implement transformative the token and these will notified vision the rewards industry step- due course all token holders. technology order network individual seats price membership. the seat. by-step approach. conceptual differentation fluz fluz from similar competitors: customer return merchant return face value discounts customer loyalty technology backing traditional mlm general e-commerce typical flash deal companies fluz fluz community superpower utility equipped from the start with credit fluz tokens (.) messages his/her community building and consumption consumption team. networking the core the fluz when tokens are detached from fluz model. order further propel account, consumption messaging credit lost and not restored. team building, the the unused community attachment fluz tokens fluzzers's account premier seat normal account fluz membership community superpower might also grant communication packages the downstream network. tokenholders through the eligible for other features within their network such birthday fluz giftings, our experience has shown that merchants suggestions voting system, active and special deal eligibility and others communication can further boost cash enhance community consumption and back performance and cohesion. strengthen their specific network. the consumption motivation details these features shall released fluz token linked account grants during the implementation roadmap. the possibility deliver personalized message (previously verified for not containing inappropriate offensive language) specific downstream network member per month. with for example fluz tokens attached account, the fluzzer able communicate message per month his/her total network completed. premier seat member tier (tier fluz coins accumulation fluz token sale and premier and redemption for gift card network seats membership purchases future fluz fluz intends quickly deploy the together with the launch into the consumer network model the united consumer market, fluz fluz will look states and develop token based gift transition its current fluz points and rewards network that connects fluz public merchants with customers. exchange erc based fluz coins enabling accumulation cash-back rewards fluz coins well redemption fluz coins for new gift card purchases. using erc compatible fluz coin cash-back unit would allow fluz fluz offer its users freely trade their cash back rewards public exchanges thereby offering enhanced value proposition over limited loyalty programs from the old economy. the foundation the fluz fluz global consumer network and the parallel market entry provide the ideal setting for crowdsale model. together with the market launch, note: the fluz rewards coin unrelated the fluz token. fluz fluz will introduce single global consumer network. this means that new users joining the cash back network any future country where fluz fluz where fluz fluz able launch local retail redemption options including the united states, will all enroll the same unique binary network. global consumer network more and more consumers join the binary network they will automatically obal members mio allocated horizontally the next free seat, therefore filling the network layer layer. this auto-fill mechanism complemented within this fluz offering global network, total fluz premier individual network user able directly invite friends and families into his/her extended network. premier network seats (see graphic). these the invitation possibility new users. each with seats membership can acquired through qualifying amount tokens. conclusion, premier seat membership oriented token sale favours the self-sustaining upstart the model over any other fundraising mechanism and gives fluz fluz the strength given the absolute network structure fluz fluz, individuals and companies all over the world may consider acquiring the tokens necessary for premier seat the global consumer network. naturally, the earliest joiners have the highest probability the shortest period time start receiving cash back rewardsfrom quickly implement its rewarding model into the world's largest consumer market. the presented crowdsale fluz tokens also favours the desired effect which premier seat members become the first consumers, advocates, beneficiaries and/or multipliers the newly formed global consumer network. their downstream network's purchases. tier membership tier general membership token reserve and token supply maximum fluz tokens will issued the phase before the operational launch. any unsold tokens will not exist after the tokensale. token economy will issuing fluz tokens that have the function activating premier seat memberships the fluz fluz global network. qualifying token holders will able activate premier network seats membership the newly formed global consumer network ahead the effective operational launch and enjoy the community superpowers for their consumption team building. token crowdsale: start date: january total fluz tokens available: token crowd sale price: usd accepted currencies: eth, btc, fiat premier seat membership there are premier membership the global consumer kinds seats network and that enjoys exemption membership: from the minimum consumption rule tier and tier for months with the company thereafter requiring least one annual with tier may holder. accumulated premier seat activated the tier purchase usd membership tokens the premier token seat one only premier seats membership right after the tier premier seats membership the global premier seat membership: tier and tier although will depend individual network consumption and growth levels, colombia for instance are already observing less than one year consumer network. operations early network users receiving tier the seat exemption members from the can enjoy minimum hundreds dollars every month cashbacks. consumption rule for period months after the operational launch the market and thenthe company require tier premier seat members make least one annual purchase usd token relation premier seats membership activation the sum issuance all equals tokens the sum this required for all offered premier seats. thereby all qualifying tokenholders are guaranteed with accumulated tokens tier premier seat membership may activated the token holder. the tier premier their seat, should they choose activate ahead the operational launch the us. membership one only premier once tier tier premier membership activated through fluz tokens, the tokens loose the premier seat membership activation capacity. they retain their community superpower utility. full network size total premier seats reserved tier level token sale seat price (usd) days before the operational fluz fluz launch the united states and thereby the event that ahead the random the launch the global consumer premier seat allocation there are more network, holders tier qualifying token holders through will able activate their premier the concentration token purchases seats membership. all qualifying token than the available tier premier holders will enter into pool random seats, the random selection mechanism premier membership allocation within will decide which tokenholder receives their respective tier level define tier seat membership their exact seat. this will guarantee the alternative two tier seats membership. qualifying token most transparent network premier seat membership allocation the event there are less than premier membership activations, the remaining premier seats both tiers will remain blocked the global consumer network for future allocation. once tier tier premier membership activated through fluz tokens, the tokens loose the premier seat membership activation capacity. they retain their community superpower utility. the milestones roadmap per dec the company once the token sale successfully transacting colombia and has built: finished, fluz fluz will start its usual robust digital gift code marketplace launch preparations for the market strong and growing consumer entry. network that already generating real income for tens thousands thereby will follow proven retail consumers and where early joiners are redemption already making several hundreds nationwide operating merchants which dollars month month. should give ideal kick-start for the signed retail partners every product launch. approach focused category resulting over locations now processing digital gift codes with based this past experience and the fluz fluz technology fluz fluz existing operational bases, world class off-chain application target operational launch the with functioning features like gift card united states for mid supported purchase, gift card storage, gift card elements from the blockchain technology re-sending, outlined this whitepaper. points transfer, cash-out requests, in-built messaging service, consumer bitcoin payment network gateway, graphic view, individual reference code and geolocalized store search for redemption. selection fluz fluz current retail partners: roadmap token sale january team set-up and commercial preparation february blockchain technology usage announcement for global fluz consumer network launch april announcement start retailer selection april priority opening for premier seat membership activation june operational launch united states general public july "our joint in-store activations with fluz fluz have helped retain omnichannel customers." david abadi, lili pink general manager "from the start, have worked with fluz fluz guarantee perfect code redemption experience for the final customers. thanks the technological agility fluz fluz this has been great success." monica gonzalez, helados popsy commercial director "it impressive observe the high recurrence and loyalty the fluz fluz customer." luisa trujillo, cafe oma head sales "the business model fluz fluz has permitted drive additional revenue our stores with sustainable incentives." german huertas, nike colombia cfo "we have been able re-activate clients that now redeem gift codes our online store." diego benitez, siembraviva founder ceo "through fluz fluz obtain valuable customer insight better service our clients specific needs." olga henao, droguerias pasteur cmo glossary fluz merchants arabic for money, wealth, prosperous fluz fluz retailer partners who offer man. our network, the term also credit their store. indicates reward points earned. store value fluzzer the retail value the store for the credit, site user purchasing products purchased the site. services through the marketplace site sale price friends the price the member pays site. the fluzzer who purchases through this equal the store value. our marketplace and contributes the token holder points another member. person entity holding fluz token. network the sum all associations between token sale fluzzers. token sale event that will start january fluz points points that can redeemed for cash qualifying token holder purchases the site. will transformed tokenholder that after acquisition into tradable fluz reward coins sufficient amount tokens, may choose activate premier network network payouts the payout points membership seats tier tier the members indicated time frame. according the purchases made site. global consumer network residual passive income this the global consumer network that the amount money that that fluzzer fluz fluz intends build following the generates through the purchase the development the blockchain platform, fluz fluz network. and envisaged that fluzzers all those countries that fluz fluz able operate future will able participate that global consumer network. screenshots mobile app homepage shop page redeem points for cash cryptocurrency account newsfeed page (social aspect) responsibility statement the best the knowledge and belief the company may publish budgeted the management fluz fluz, they have forecast taken reasonable care ensure that the before information contained this document operations accordance with the facts, and does america, and not omit anything likely materially independent affect the import such information. expenditures incurred the company expenditure the launch the ("forecast") its united may business states engage auditor audit develop the blockchain platform the management fluz fluz will use described this white paper and reasonable procure seeks make preparations for the launch that fluz fluz (gibraltar) limited (the the fluz fluz business operations "company") undertakes the following: the united states america; engage the company will use its reasonable specialized company audit the endeavours launch the fluz fluz smart contract that will used issue business operations the united states the erc tokens following the fluz america within the timeframe set out token sale; this whitepaper. the endeavours company might the company urges you read the the company will make use the "legal considerations, risks and proceeds the token sale solely for the disclaimer" section full this white purposes set out the white paper paper. otherwise for the proper management and operations the company; mission role blockchain role blockchain currently, the model and running fluz fluz eco-system offchain environment, but but will the fluz fluz business model ideally look switch gradually the blockchain positioned benefit from blockchain technology order sustain the scale- technology. global consumer network based digital gift cards. recognize that blockchain evolving technology and that the current eco-system traditional third party merchants and consumers will only allow implement transformative vision the rewards industry step-by-step approach. market consumer digital gift card market the network marketing market the sum household consumption there are ways looking our potential market: digital gift card market holds true for united states, almost there great potential the digital gift billion could the market for electronic card market. reliable numbers are gift cards. according first data, the scarce but the united states, see: global leader payment technology "the total gift card market estimated and services solutions which acquired billion. the potential for the gyft, estimated that virtual and entire gift card market mobile cards are near billion u.s. billion usd. north america, about gift card market. latin america, only all mobile commerce gift card its online commerce paid gift sales, and assume that percentage cards, showing potential for growth." the network marketing market roughly billion the the network marketing and direct sales billion), was paid directly distributors profession hit new record with via commissions. that's billion billion global sales. that's month, million day! from billion network marketing big business! total global sales for the nfl: billion music industry: billion video gaming: billion movie industry: billion natural foods industry: billion network marketing: billion (c) mastermindevent.com wfdsa (world federation direct billion, representing decline selling associations) reports the sales compared the previous year. volume generated its member end-, amway was followed countries billion and the number avon ($. billion), herbalife ($. individual direct sellers million. billion), vorwerk billion), infinitus the number direct sellers does not ($. billion), mary kay ($. billion), include those china this country's perfect figures were not reported. the sales billion), tupperware ($. billion), and volume represents growth skin ($. billion). avon's figure here from the previous year constant dollars. does not include avon north america's amway kept its leadership position (a.k.a. "new avon") figure this unit among direct selling companies was sold form entity outside avon. amway's global sales was new avon's revenue was billion. ($. billion), natura ($. household consumption america. fluz fluz ideal fit because global household consumption exceeds resembles loyalty programs and retail usd trillion. step step and country shopping models that colombians are country fluz fluz aiming piece already comfortable with. fluz this amount. the united states, our fluz has seen great consumer traction next target consumer market currently colombia and now looking ready averages trillion yearly household enter the consumer market. consumption currently. although competitive terms existing household consumption reached usd retail loyalty programs and gift card colombia. have exchanges, the consumer has yet chosen test fluz fluz colombia first, enjoy the unique benefits offered from because the country's stable economy the fluz fluz model. the consumer and large development opportunities. moreover has the purchasing power and culturally, has history companies the technological readiness needed engaging multi-level and direct selling fully grasp the benefits fluz fluz. growth strategies, which are both similar only logical assume that emerging and different the fluz fluz model. market like colombia embraced the the appeal fluz fluz lies its fast model landslight, will mature processing, which will appeal the ecommerce economy like the us. money-conscious mobile users latin our retail partners selection current merchant agreements with large number assortment retailers from different categories the fluz fluz merchant assortment its initial market colombia. for the responds the needs and purchasing market, the same methodology for trends the region strategically merchant onboarding would applied. partner with offline and online retailers. fluz fluz already has gift card purchasing jumbo, supermarket brand part metro, cash&carry brand part cencosud, largest retailer cencosud, largest retailer latin america. latin america dihego, gas station operator for uber ubereats, international ride gas stations service nike, international sports fashion under armour, international sports brand fashion brand tigo, telco operator virgin mobile, telco operator tous, international jewellery brand kenzo jeans, local traditional fashion retailer with stores. movistar, telco operator locatel, traditional pharmacy chain. time square, local watch multi- jeno's pizza, local household pizza brand dealer brand with restaurants. new balance, international footwear fedco, local beauty and perfume brand multi brand store sportline america, sports fashion multibrand retailer alsea group, regional master franchise for starbucks, archie's, burger king, changs, domino's) kokoriko, local household chicken distrihogar, local household brand brand with restaurants for decoration and home linen atrapalo, online travel booking bodytech, leading gym chain platform colombia with stores archie's, leading italian rest chain with stores swarovski, international jeweller cafe oma, local starbucks coffee chain competitor, household claro, telco provider name colombia mercadoni, online food delivery pat primo, massive textile retail stores lilipink, local house hold name for seven seven, stores low end women underwear with stores cafam, local household brand pharmacy chain with drugstores puma, international sports fashion brand popsy, regional ice cream parlos accessorize, international low end with accessories brand pasteur, local pharmacy chain with drugstores koaj, local tradition fashion brand avantel, telco provider fossil, international watchmaker direct tv, pay provider brahma aka, local low end footwear retailer with stores the key reasons why retailers are attracted the fluz fluz model and acknowledge the win-win situation are: fluz fluz generates recurrent revenue the incentive cost for the channel from for the retailers lower cost basis the retailer's perspective wrapped compared other online sales channels fluz points and not face value (compare with high discount groupon discounts which preserves the retailer's type models). brand image. fluz fluz attracts new customers fluz fluz works outsourced retailers showcased the fluz fluz site. loyalty program for many retailers. customer return merchant return face value discounts technology backing customer loyalty traditional mlm general e-commerce typical flash deal companies fluz fluz apart from digital gift code merchants, fluz fluz has become strategic partner fluz fluz has already partnered with these gatekeeper institutions the gatekeeping management and commercialization financial processing institutions colombia. colombia, digital gift codes. credibanco and redeban historically fluz fluz also provides attractive share access hundreds thousands platform for retail banks acquire and retail dataphones. activate customers. the network model our business model how does fluz fluz grow? from the automatic horizontal network fluz fluz offers two forms fluzzer fill mechanism. unrelated and uninvited onboarding: fluzzer candidates can just download through direct invitation into specific the fluz app and are then automatically fluzzer's network either via email allocated into the next available seat personal reference code. this the the overall network. the auto-fill works classic form for fluzzers organically with horizontal priority (opposed grow their network friends and close vertical fill), guaranteeing smooth social circle being able control who growth and extension the network, invited their particular downstream without favouring particular parts the network. network over others. this particularly fluzzers who not disable the interesting function auto network-fill can benefit who would directly benefit from this for early tokenholders mechanism. peer peer marketing our marketplace, portion the anyone else their extended network. revenue reinvested with the members this the form payouts. fluz fluz has earn several thousands dollars per advanced network model determine month depending network size and payout structure for each member. consumption level well type the invite-only process forces each new digital codes bought. member entered within the network because members earn points for their pre-existing fluzzer while establishing friends' purchases, they act our sense trust for the marketplace. each biggest advocates. members want their member can earn rebate payments for friends make purchases through the their purchases well the purchases network increase their own payout. allows members potentially no. members level level level level level level level level level level level level level level level level sum avoid much competition possible amongst the closest social circle working with ^x, ^x, etc structures. from the cash back amount available from individual purchase, goes the purchasers the form fluz points (i.e fluz consumption coins for the launch),% are split evenly among the participating upstream fluzzers and are distributed superpower accounts linked fluz tokens. so, the normal case the will divided between upstream fluzzers. cash back network pay out structure this want very transparent with this incentive for consumption (what essential part the value proposition. get back from what purchase) whereas fluz fluz works under the following the same time incentivizes the mechanism: each digital retail code construction purchase for earned fluz points from one's own the purchaser and upstream purchases and the purchases other fluzzers his/her direct line. fluzzers the network accumulates can observe the table and real-time the fluz balance. fluz points graphics above, fluz fluz was set can currently used real-time for binary network with total depth the purchases new retail codes levels contributing each fluzzer. each cashed-out into fiat currency bank fluzzer has the full potential build accounts and cryptocurrency wallets. consumer network, resulting purchases with fluz points also generate consumers plus oneself new points, major differentiator from generate cash back rewards from their other loyalty programs. also possible daily consumption. this structure was purchase retail code partially with carefully chosen foster teamwork fluz points and cover the remaining among amount with other payment methods. generates the network fluz points members and split guarantees consumer significant network. minimum consumption: simple rule fluz fluz reciprocity. based the consumer who minimum consumption not met the contributes with his her consumption, end the month the network will receives cash back fluz points from the automatically suspend the consumer purchases others. the consumer from being able purchase and receive who does not purchase his/her own further fluz points from his/her network. behalf, cannot expect receive cash the fluzzer may request re-invite back fluz points from the consumption any given moment and will times his network. loose his accumulated fluz points. the hence, the minimum consumption rule re-invite accepted, the consumer. states that order stay active the but he/she will lose original network consumer network, consumer needs seat membership and placed into purchase least digital gift cards from the next free seat normal upstream the offered catalogue per month. there succession. this turn signifies that requirement which digital gift the free network seat occupied the which amount. this yields burden next level the downstream network. the consumer consumption restriction there are active members, the system given the broad variety everyday automatically allocates the freed network household consumption merchants. seat the fluzzer the direct downline turn this rule guarantees active and members who has higher total historic contributing consumer network. transaction volume history fluz fluz. premier seats and offered this this regard, fluz fluz stays coherent tokensale, enjoy initial exemption rewarding consumption. the entire from this rule making them attractive affected part the network moved for anyone buy even those living and succession closing all free upline seats. consuming through this mechanism, active fluzzers region where fluz fluz currently may eventually improve their absolute inactive. minimum network seat. the above mentioned consumption rule and within the first mechanisms are already place and month the consumption not done, the working properly the colombian fluzzer receives alerts and the chance consumer network. based consumer recover during the month. the the how much money can fluzzer make? fluzzer exactly how many fluz points taking into account the mechanisms were earned from every purchase and outlined, the answer this pressing fluzzer the individual network. question is: depends. with the combinations and and precisely depends these clear that there can infinite payout factors: combinations. fluz fluz invites every amount consumption how fluzzer make her/his own estimations much and downstream network and calculations. either through small consume? network high spenders large network payout the consumption network lows spenders, attractive where and network consume, monthly cash back rewards can amount. what retailers? ideally, you would have large network size downstream how many fluzzers spending much possible fluzzers are network contributing their household consumption via fluz through their consumption? fluz through the already numerous and from the above logic becomes clear constantly growing retail redemption that for sustainable and dynamic options! network there cannot rigid compensation plan traditional mlm models. precisely because the fluz fluz model everyone wins, and the cash back amounts differ for every retail code. understandable that retail margins and code denominations vary from category category and fluz fluz manages different retail negotiations with its partners. from there, different cash back amounts can redistributed the network. the cash back amounts are transparently shown the purchaser before concluding the transaction. the network activity feed shows the summary our network within fluz fluz, envision the network others their network via internal circle, which each fluzzer the messaging system hosting meetups. core his her network and can accrue there's side leaderboard which shows fluz points based his/ her friends and monthly winners different categories their own purchases. and inspires little friendly competition additionally, fluzzers can interact with between members. global consumer network obal members mio the projected member growth curve follows typical exponential curve, where after while with the business model entrenching into the shopping culture, the virality the model kicks fully. diversity categories telecommunications (phone cards, phone plans), food and beverage retail industry food (supermarkets, and consumer beverage goods restaurants, vendors), and (pharmaceuticals, household items, apparel) are primary categories for fluz fluz. additionally, fluz fluz has travel services colombia. currently see the highest percentage our sales everyday purchases-- i.e. food, gasoline, convenience, well telecom, restaurants, pharmaceuticals, and apparel. telecom claro, tigo, movistar, exito, virgin mobile, avantel, direct tv, une, etb, restaurants archies, jenos pizza, cafe oma, helados popsy, kokoriko market and liquors jumbo, easy, metro, mercadoni, kokoriko consumer goods pasteur, cafam, locatel, copifam apparel nike, sportline, under armour, puma, pat primo, brahma, lili pink, koaj, seven seven, new balance experiences/travel avianca, atrapalo transportation uber, cabify, esso competition wider competition competitors (for future market traditional shopping methods and deep entry): rooted history cash only purchases. digital gift card marketplaces (with components): gyft, card cash, raise. closer competitor corporate direct competitor offering the fluz affiliated based cash-back models: ibotta fluz ecosystem. mlm benefits: companies: bonus.ly amway, online herbalife, avon closer colombian competitors none direct competitor. potentially loyalt programs such puntos colombia but they lack network approach. potentially mlm and direct selling companies (amway, herbalife, fuxion, linea directa, yanbal). mlm companies fluz fluz are reaped from consumption how does fluz fluz compare and differ the app. fluz fluz consumer from mlm companies? network where fluzzers are incentivized fluz fluz has many key distinctions invite friends they can earn from mlm companies. unlike many points and cash out later. corporations direct-selling companies that employ are incentivized use the network mlm techniques, fluz fluz does not because make easier take care sell products. instead, fluz fluz offers their payroll and benefits. fluz fluz array services for corporations employs mlm techniques but not that want transfer digital gift cards mlm company. have adapted this consumers. business model and utilize vehicle secondly, unlike other mlm companies, for efficient member growth keeping there membership fee, nor are there long-term cac low. rewards for mere invitations. rewards brief overview latin america avon has extensive voted dsn "direct selling experience with multilevel marketing network" global list selling techniques. leverage use revenue billion brand its revenue was from north latin ambassadors/social aspects. demographics: mostly female. america, annual revenue was from south latin america (largest amway: mrkt brazil with %). voted dsn "direct selling news" according "world federation global top list for (feb. direct selling association" (wfdsa), paper) over the past years, direct selling has rated "forbes" largest private grown companies revenue billion yanbal sales were from nutrition, founded were from beauty and personal care, opened colombia, and were from durable products. entered mexico market. now, employees countries (bolivia, colombia, ecuador, spain, us, guatemala, italy, mexico, peru, and venezuela) "independent consultants" aka brand ambassadors have products for women (jewelry, makeup, perfume, face care, body care), products for men (fragrances, face care/ body care), and children (jewelry and essential care) marketing user journey who are our customers? choose the friends their network very noted, our target customers want carefully. pull more money out their everyday our target customer/target network purchases. they are budget conscious includes: and looking leverage their purchasing power. optimize their family budget fluz fluz implements binary model, budget-conscious consumers looking where every network member invites two leverage purchasing power new members his/ her downstream. moderately social consumers with few these two members will invite two new friends their close circle influence members respectively. given the limited consumers looking for real time savings width our network, our members will based their current location. how does fluz fluz increase the following channels will worked engagement? with tight performance measures: long term: main way: social component atl campaigns (tv, radio, print) short term: cross-channel marketing offline events plan (online and offline) for brand- campaigns building. online advertising (display, sem) heads households looking fluz free credits with strong, initial marketing campaign outbound calls the fluz fluzmodel should become massive and obtain the necessary share mind the consumer. community marketing the social sharing component built increase member engagement. demonstrated facebook's social advertising model, reinforcing members whose inner circle made purchase will increase conversions first time event marketing and purchases. friend made the purchase offline component from merchant, will validate the fluz fluz working turn our merchant the member who may have customers into leaders. social never heard them. media campaign their own accounts our ecosystem recommends merchants hosting meetups, fluz fluz empowers based the fact that people their our members become advocate network made purchases from those for their network. increasing the merchants. when recommending, the purchases their network, that turn fluz fluz app displays the friend who drives more reward payouts for these made the purchase. the newsfeed, members. fluzzers can see how many points, members earn from their inner network. business fluz fluz also provides built-in extended network. one these methods messaging system for members talk the organization regular, local amongst themselves drive purchases meet-ups where fluzzers can interact and contribute purchase patterns." and attract new members. these events fluz fluz digitizing strategies multilayer using this may held experienced fluz fluz members and employees present our value proposition new and potential members. this should permit grow our member base enormous speed. the physical meet-up strategy complemented frequent instagram live and other efficient webinar tools for mass education new fluzzers. comparison others their social network and fluz fluz can promote certain spending behaviors tapping into this phenomenon. for example, nikefuel was able gamify running letting runners earn trophies for goals met and allowing them post results social media. nike saw increase revenue result the app. devhub, gamification prize contests online project completion website for web fluz fluz looking capitalize the developers was able raise various enga- global trend gamification with fluz gement metric using gamification. fluz. the idea online games and friendly forbes reported that user completion competition works well with the fluz fluz projects went from result network model. people should instead badges devhub. will spurred make more purchases fluzzers can gain access their status result being able interact with the program's leaderboard, which will have their network. there global trend monthly competitions based number gamification, which companies are transactions, biggest purchasers and able generate buzz, retain customer other achievements. there will different interest, and develop customer loyalty categories like biggest buyer terms spurring competition. gamification cop, biggest buyer terms units, the application game design thinking biggest buyer terms transactions, non-game applications make them and best brand ambassador terms more fun and interesting. demand for number meetups hosted. gamification spurred the prizes would include free gift cards the social trend the "quantified from our affiliate network, fluz points self", term coined wired writers account, paid destination trip. gary wolf and kevin kelly the prize giveaways would function describe the growing gamification incentivize member spending that prize contestsinterest self-tracking. they can win friendly competitions people want know where they stand with their friends for prizes. business how new fluzzers apply and get onboard? how they use fluz fluz? exemplary pitch consumers user journey: after someone invites you, you sign with your details. after clicking confirmation email, you are officially fluzzer! you can start making money every purchase. assuming you meet the minimum requirements two gift card purchases month, you can continue use the fluz fluz application and accrue points. you want earn even more points, you can invite two other people become fluz fluz members and you get points when they spend! you wish increase your involvement and make even more money, you can become brand ambassador and host meetups. meetups provide chances teach people your extended network about fluz fluz. addition, you can enjoy perks like free merchandise from our retailers, free coffee and fluz points! you need pay someone for the dinner last night. want save transaction costs? just send him some fluz. technology blockchain think the fluz fluz business model codes without the need through ideally positioned benefit from fluz fluz. cutting out intermediaries blockchain technology. currently, the should allow for safer and decentralized model and running offchain transactions. environment but may evolved the welcome and embrace erc blockchain technology simultaneously standard for the implementation the the consumer market launch fluz fluz global consumer network order sustain scaling global based blockchain. enterprise. precisely these are eliminate the reasons information instead items deploy blockchain accrual now our existing operating model: and dependencies would stored code security the essence transparently the blockchain. thereby model based digital gift cards. guarantee that information fluz experience other digital gift card points and marketplaces have shown that hacking seats activations, incidents, code redemption errors and successions etc) the fluz fluz network fraudulent behaviour with regards may digital gift cards are rampant and difficult community. contain internet environment. sensitive personal data and gift codes yet with blockchain technology keep being stored offchain. create high standard code security put into robust blockchain model, enabling merchants directly upload tradable fluz coins tradable fluz coins digital codes and fluzzers buying these would also perfectly used pay the complex and consumer with cash the all supervised back network network the points positions movements network (premier position blockchain merchants and for merchants turn pay fluz fluz for anonymized consumer insight. needless say, fluz fluz will also accept digital retail codes payments through cryptocurrencies well fiat member deletions and so-called currencies and will allow redemption successions the network, and many accrued fluz coins the main more custom features not available cryptocurrencies like bitcoin. any off-the-shelf solution. each user's mobile wallet codes are also secured through best-in-class redemption hardware pos authorization steps. key the current our existing app easy use on-the- user experience go, buying gift card redeem instantly redemption process pos. despite while waiting line the supermarket the fact that have knitted close for instance. ties dataphone processors, the fluz fluz seamless some retail store locations fluz fluz does not yet control the end end redemption experience. the system built automatically process reward distribution configurable for each product, transform gift cards into different formats (bar code, code) send out consumption reminders, management board advisors please note: fluz fluz management acts replaceable facilitator for the network. the success the network model depends decentralized consumption. founders stefan krautwald maurice harary ceo for latin america cdiscount, part cnova group and sixth largest background e-commerce e-commerce company the world. currently manages over ecommerce co-founder farmalisto. colombia's sites the and environment, and mexico's first online pharmacy pure ranging player based experiences price competitive co-founder and former managing marketplace trading sites. director dafiti latam, the rocket experience all areas e-commerce internet backed fashion e-commerce sites, ranging from custom e-commerce leader software development operational general management for global bpo planning. serial entrepreneur from with interactive -year learning provider arvato bertelsmann colombia mba from whu-otto beisheim school management, germany programmers luis felipe quinones moises bassan cto. senior developer solutions architect colombian based software leader with moises has written cryptocurrency years programming trading software use companies experience. around the world. holds years cto farmalisto. founder ingenio programming experience. contenido software. master computacional science universidad javeriana. board advisors anil benard-dende andreas antrup mr. anil benard-dende has been chief andreas the vice president data operating officer srp groupe s.a. advertising zalando se, the since mr. benard- dende began his largest ecommerce company europe. career consultant with pwc before andreas has built and lead one the joining the ppr (kering) group largest digital advertising platforms first fnac, then head logistics europe and widely recognized the and the supply chain conforama, most knowledgeable business leaders switzerland joined the field. andreas heads the data casino director methods and intelligence and crm unit zalando organization easydis (casino group's since logistics subsidiary). holds phd economics from university edinburgh and master head logistics and supply chain science management from whu otto management. beisheim school management. responsible joined for cdiscount particular, reorganizing was logistic operations, improving service quality and rolling out cdiscount pick-up outlets casino stores. was appointed head development, then international vice-president cnova, where was responsible for all international subsidiaries africa, europe, south america and asia. engineering graduate from arts metiers engineering school (ensam). jose ruiz jose abbo jose ruiz widely recognized jose abbo the chairman panama's business leader panama. september sovereign wealth fund. jose has more was appointed ambassador than years experiences the field panama singapore. was also the financial advisory, private banking and non resident ambassador panama financial research. he's also the author australia, new zealand and myanmar. "the big gamble are you investing was appointed the position speculating". dean the diplomatic consular corp jose widely recognized financial singapore. ever since jose has been expert central america and former involved crypto businesses investor vice president capital markets credit and advisor. suisse, panama and financial projects cable wireless, panama. gabriel zanko fintech entrepreneur-advisor. founder mobileyourlife involved the ai-fintech space providing solutions the space ico advisory fundraising capital and international business development (hacken.io) leigh lindenbaum silicon valley based entrepreneur years experience creating global distribution, marketing, supply chain channel market entry specialist token economy total tokens available: tier are for months after the token crowdsale: operational launch exempt from january, general member minimum consumption token price: usd per token rule. accepted currencies eth, btc, fiat one annual purchase usd the company may request then fluz fluz will create blocked premier token reserve: seats membership all theoretical there fixed token reserve. combinations outstanding tier and tier premier memberships tokens held token premier seat multi-tier system after the token sale the market. tier with accumulated tokens, the token holder may activate effective mechanism after token sale "second seating" premier seat premier seat allocation membership, allocated right after all tier proposed that days before the token holders are randomly allocated operational fluz fluz launch the into network. united states and thereby the launch premier memberships tier are during the global consumer network, qualifying months after the operational token holders will able activate launch exempt from general member their premier seats. all qualifying token minimum consumption rule and will then holders will enter into pool random asked least annual purchase allocation usd technology their respective tier level. the global consumer organized blockchain this will guarantee the most transparent tier with accumulated network premier membership allocation. tokens, the token holder may activate "first seating" premier memberships, allocated the very top the global consumer network. premier membership community superpower utility equipped from the start with credit fluz tokens (.) messages his/her community building and consumption consumption team. networking the core the fluz when tokens are detached from fluz model. order further propel account, consumption messaging credit lost and not restored. team building, the the unused community attachment fluz tokens fluzzers's account premier seat normal account fluz membership community superpower might also grant communication packages the downstream network. tokenholders through the eligible for other features within their network such birthday fluz giftings, our experience has shown that merchants suggestions voting system, active and special deal eligibility and others communication can further boost cash enhance community consumption and back performance and cohesion. strengthen their specific network. the consumption motivation details these features shall released fluz token linked account grants during the implementation roadmap. the possibility deliver personalized message (previously verified for not containing inappropriate offensive language) specific downstream network member per month. with for example fluz tokens attached account, the fluzzer able communicate message per month his/her total network completed. premier seat member tier (tier use proceeds from token sale for launch (est.) gift code inventory personnel branding campaign infrastructure legal financial use token sale funds firmly believe that every business consequence the considerations relationship should founded upon made model mutual consensus and most importantly requires capital start operating trust; therefore, you are not willing the consumer market. the use able trust our board for the the procedes from the tokensale are economically sound management projected follows for informative the funds, encourage you not buy matters. the fluz token. above, our business extent does this illustrative use proceeds suggest any conclusion towards the value the token. summary fluz token opportunity blockchain technology for consumer game changer networks fluz fluz stronger and more agile fluz fluz decentralized network structure than its competitors. fluz fluz takes intends bundle consumer purchasing best power. fluz tokens represent form network models build advanced participating early global consumer mathematical underlying dynamic. fluz network fluz online and due its easy with preferred cash back practices from all existing use gift card system does not affect generation opportunity. customer shopping behavior. fluz fluz user-friendly ecosystem with strong should integrate easily into crypto and lock-in effect fiat currency payment systems. fluz fluz currently mobile application line with current global trends. our fluz fluz management team made progressive marketing approach ensures digital commerce experts and serial high the entrepreneurs. fluz fluz board advisors residual income generated customers. have strong track record digital customer loyalty through business, retail and blockchain. milestones roadmap operations launch first test market colombia january retailers affiliated fluz fluz april first customers starting earn hundreds dollars every month cash-backs june tens thousands fluzers enjoying fluz benefits september token sale january team set-up and commercial preparation february blockchain technology usage announcement for global fluz consumer network launch april announcement start retailer selection april priority opening for token holder premium seat membership activation june operational launch united states general public july media links join build the largest consumer network the world! facebook: https://www.facebook.com/fluzfluzglobal twitter: https://twitter.com/fluzfluzglobal reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/fluzfluz/ medium: https://medium.com/@fluzfluz telegram: https://t.me/fluzfluz become insider! you can meet and chat directly with our team via: official tokensale website: https://ico.fluzfluz.com join the crowdsale! see fluz fluz working today https://www.instagram.com/fluzfluz/?hl=en https://www.youtube.com/channel/uccrwhwhltpgifkliya?pbjreload= sample articles from launch: internet- fluz- convertir-las-comprasen-consumos-gratis/ compras-virtuales- global direct selling industry (). global direct selling industry the world direct selling [online] available at: http://www.mastermindevent. com/blog/networkmarketing (accessed: october mastermind (). total global sales for mastermind [online] available at: http:// www.mastermindevent.com/blog/networkmarketing (accessed: october lebleu, (). building gift cards the block chain. medium [online] available at: https://medium.com/@giyom/building-gift-cards--on-the-block-chain-aeecf (accessed: october perez, (). first data acquires mobile gift card platform gyft. techcruch [online] available at: http://www.bandwidthblog.com/off-topic/firstdataacquires-gyft-founded-by-sa-born-entrepreneur/ (accessed: october perez, (). raise.com's new app lets you buy discounted gift cards instantly save while shopping. techcrunch [online] available at: https://techcrunch.com////raise-coms-new-app-lets-you-buy-discounted-giftcards-to-instantly-save-while-shopping/ (accessed: october statista (). most popular payment methods online shoppers worldwide region. statista [online] available at: https://www. statista.com/statistics//preferred-payment-methods-of-online-shoppersworldwide-by-region/ (accessed: october faq have live colombia the app store join premier network seat https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/fluz-fluz/ which activated with the token id?mt= bought? google play no. premier memberships and their future https://pl ay.google.com/store/apps/ cash backs may enjoyed from anywhere details?id=com.ionicframework.fluzfluz the world. tier premier seats are exempt from minimum consumption for when and how will tokens lifetime. this means that even though distributed? fluz fluz not yet operating your tokens particular tokenholder country with local retail redemption options, highly advisable will distributed addresses within the working days after the crowdsale end. purchase tokens now and become part the earliest fluzzers. eliminate which jurisdiction was chosen for this sentence: besides, your fluz tokens this token sale? without premier seat activation are likely the fluz fluz tokensale will launched increase value the utilities the from gibraltar fluz fluz (gibraltar) ltd token evolve our gift card eco-system and therefore subject gibraltar law. according the ned roadmap. have been advised that the activity the fluz fluz token sale falls outside can look your app? the scope the existing regulatory yes. the fluz fluz app available framework gibraltar. the apple and google stores and may the downloaded anyone. would like ledger point out that given our current focus regulations (the "dlt regulations") colombia, the app only available have recently been published and the spanish language. due take effect january financial services technology (distributed providers) and whilst these impending regulations should not apply token sale activity, the which wallets can use? gibraltar financial services commission please view the list below for compatible have recently announced that they are wallets. you choose purchase considering preparing complementary tokens with btc, you can send btc regulations that will specifically aimed from exchange but need provide initial coin offerings similar token with token receipt address that generating events. will monitoring erc compatible (see the list erc the situation closely and endeavour compatible wallet below). you choose whatever required compliant purchase tokens with eth, the eth with any regulations that may become must sent erc compatible applicable fluz fluz (gibraltar) ltd wallet. you must enter data input and gas due course. fluz fluz group may appoint limit values for successful transaction. one its affiliated and/or subsidiary the following wallets are known companies act collecting agent for compatible with ethereum tokens token sales. (erc standard) and may allow you receive and view your balances. can submit btc eth from exchange account? myetherwallet (no download needed), no. exchanges send funds via multiple mist (desktop), parity (desktop), imtoken wallets that are not fully your control. (iphone), imtoken (android) you don't hold the private keys many non erc compatible wallets. not cases. when sending funds from send eth from these sources. exchange the process can take hours clear even reach the blockchain. any bitcoin/ethereum exchange: sending eth you are unable add coinbase, poloniex, kraken, bitstamp, eth payload (sometimes called 'data') bit nex, bitrexx, cex.io, exodus transaction. once you submit through exchange, you are also unable modify the transaction fee speed transaction. please use wallet that you are full control of. sent ethereum from exchange myetherwallet (no download needed), for the presale token sale, what mist (desktop), parity (desktop), imtoken can do? (iphone), imtoken(android) the transaction will returned because send deposit the payment address data eld. the funds not show displayed through the token sale widget your exchange wallet please contact with correct data and gas limit values the exchange's support with the details your transaction see you can get token sale deposit transactions need credit back for the transaction. have non-default gas limit (a.k.a. transaction maximum gas). this where can purchase eth? because token sale transactions are more there are many exchanges that sell complex than simple ethereum transfer ethereum for cryptocurrency, these transactions. the default gas limits include: coinbase, poloniex, kraken, too low correctly perform token sale bitstamp, bit nex, bittrex, cex.io deposit. please send your purchased eth participate ethereum token sale compatible wallet whose private keys you need your transaction with you own and control, before sending following details the token sale. address this given you the token sale payment information page. where can purchase btc? data this your personal reference there are many exchanges that sell number bitcoin for cryptocurrency, these transaction. not share this with others. include: coinbase, poloniex, kraken, you leave data eliminate eld than your bitstamp, bit nex, bittrex, cex.io transaction rejected. and changes for every gas limit: gas tells that this how participate the token smart contract transaction and more sale with eth? expensive than normal ether transfer. buy eth cryptocurrency exchange, unless already owned. transfer eth compatible wallet (see below) note: for any wallet always check your gas limit you are using myetherwallet. com please double check the gas limit field value after lling the data field. myetherwallet may reset the gas value invalid number after inputting the data field. how participate the token sale with btc? buy btc cryptocurrency exchange, unless already owned. set erc compatible wallet locate your btc refund address (which your receiving address) and your erc compatible wallet address for receipt tokens provide your refund and token receipt addresses and send the deposit the payment address displayed through the token sale widget legal considerations, risks and disclaimer you may lose all monies that you spend purchasing fluz tokens. the event that you purchase tokens, your purchase cannot refunded exchanged. there guarantee that the utility the fluz tokens the project envisaged this white paper will actually delivered realised. fluz tokens are not shares securities any type. they not entitle you any ownership other interest fluz fluz (gibraltar) limited. they are merely means which you may able access future membership membership network that yet developed. there guarantee that the membership network will actually developed. you are waiving your rights agreeing these terms and conditions and participating the fluz fluz (gibraltar) limited token sale. participating the fluz fluz (gibraltar) limited token sale you are agree have recourse, claim, action, judgement remedy against fluz fluz (gibraltar) limited the utility the fluz tokens the project described this white paper not delivered realised. you are uncertain anything this white paper you are not prepared lose all monies that you spend purchasing fluz tokens, strongly urge you not purchase any fluz tokens. recommend you consult legal, financial, tax and other professional advisors experts for further guidance before participating the fluz fluz (gibraltar) limited token sale outlined this white paper. you are strongly advised take independent legal advice respect the legality your jurisdiction your participation the token sale. please read the entirety this "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" section carefully. you must read the following "legal the latest available version the white considerations, risks and disclaimer" paper available the website prior section full before: (i) making use this participating the token sale. white paper and any and all information available the website(s) fluz fluz the information set forth this "legal (gibraltar) limited (the "company") considerations, risks and disclaimer" located https://ico.fluzfluz.com/ section may not exhaustive and (the "website"); (ii) participating does not imply any elements the company's token sale outlined contractual this white paper (the "token sale"). make every reasonable effort ensure this "legal considerations, risks and that all information: (i) this white disclaimer" this paper; and (ii) available the website white paper and any and all information (all the information the white paper available the website. the contents and all information available the this "legal considerations, risks and website hereinafter referred the disclaimer" section outlines the terms "available information") accurate and conditions applicable you and date, such material connection with (i) your use this white way paper and any and all information individuals intending participate available the website; and (ii) your the token sale should seek independent participation the token sale, each professional advice prior acting case addition any other terms and any the available information. section applies relationship. constitutes while professional advice. conditions that may publish from time time relating this white paper, the legal considertions website and the token sale (such terms hereinafter referred the "terms"). the company has used reasonable this "legal considerations, risks and endeavours approach the token sale disclaimer" section may updated from responsible and sensible manner. time time and will published part given the legal uncertain distributed the latest version the white paper ledger technologies, businesses and which shall available the website. activities well cryptocurrencies and you shall obliged read full cryptocurrency-related businesses and activities number jurisdictions, state regulation relating distributed the ledger company resources has spent consider time its and technology and token sales business across the world, the company cannot approach and where proposes guarantee the legality the token operate now and the future. the sale the future business platform company accepts responsibility developed envisaged the liability you these any other available information the company's circumstances. you are strongly advised ability develop, structure and licence take independent legal advice any future token functionality every respect the legality your jurisdiction jurisdiction but the company will use your participation the token sale reasonable commercial endeavours and purchase tokens. responsive and compliant the face any regulatory inquiry. the gibraltar financial services commission has october the published draft the principled- tokens designed for use only the based regulations which relate the company's business platform that use distributed ledger technology for yet developed. the tokens are storing value not securities. the event that you which purchase tokens, your purchase cannot regulations come into effect refunded exchanged. the company january the gibraltar financial does not recommend purchasing tokens services also for speculative investment purposes. announced that gibraltar regulations tokens not entitle you any equity, and belonging transmitting others, commission and has tokens are functional utility relating public token sales will come into effect early the company will use reasonable commercial endeavours comply with all gibraltar regulations and, the extent reasonably practicable with the regulations such other jurisdictions that able to. however, due the current uncertain governance, voting similar right jurisdictions") any other restricted entitlement the company any persons are not permitted participate tokens the token sale. the term "restricted are sold digital products, similar persons" refers any firm, company, downloadable software, digital music partnership, trust, corporation, entity, and the like. the company does not government, recommend that you purchase tokens state any other incorporated unless you have prior experience with unincorporated body association, cryptographic blockchain- association partnership (whether based software and distributed ledger not having separate legal personality) technology and unless you have taken that independent professional advice. existing under the laws restricted its affiliated companies. tokens, state established agency and/or lawfully jurisdiction. the company may choose make the available information number the tokens are not intended different languages. the event any constitute, and shall not constitute, conflict between the english version securities any jurisdiction. this white the available information and any foreign paper does not constitute prospectus language version, the english language offer document any sort and the version will prevail. available information not intended constitute offer securities regional restrictions solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. the company does citizens, nationals, otherwise) which prohibits residents any the (tax not provide any opinion any advice jurisdiction purchase, sell, otherwise transact possession, with tokens and the presentation, dissemination communication the publication communication all available information and/or prohibits any part the available information participation the token sale the shall not form the basis of, relied purchase tokens the offer for sale upon connection with, any contract the tokens any similar activity investment decision. product (collectively the "restricted advice (i) any failure the company any its affiliated companies deliver part the available information realise all any part the project should considered business, the platform the membership network legal, financial tax advice regarding the token features described the company, the tokens, the token envisaged the available information; sale any the matters which all (ii) your use inability use any part the available information any time the services the products relates. you should consult your own the platform the membership network legal, financial, tax other professional tokens offered the company; advisor regarding the available (iii) the breach any these information. you should aware that terms the company the you may required bear the financial company representatives you risk any purchase tokens for any third party; indefinite period time. (iv) any security risk security breach security threat security limitation liability attack any theft loss data including but not limited hacker attacks, losses event shall the company password, losses private keys, any anything similar; current former employees, officers, directors, partners, trustees, representative, agents, contractors, volunteers advisors, the company (hereinafter the "company representatives") responsible accountable liable any way (v) mistakes errors code, text, images involved the token sale any the available information; (vi) any information contained omitted from the available information; (vii) any expectation promise whatsoever any purchaser tokens representation warranty arising (or for any loss profits otherwise for purportedly arising) from the available any lost savings for any incidental information; direct indirect special consequential (viii) the volatility pricing damages each case arising out tokens any countries and/or from connection with: any exchange market (regulated, unregulated, primary, secondary otherwise); (ix) any other capacity whatsoever howsoever arising) including, without the purchase use sale limitation, claims for relating the resale redemption otherwise the excluded liability matters, any payment tokens; repayment monies, indemnity (x) your failure properly secure otherwise that you may have against the any private key wallet containing company against any the company tokens, (collectively, the "excluded representatives; and (ii) release and liability matters"). discharge the company and all the company representatives from any the available information (including and all liability (of whatsoever nature the website and the white paper) and howsoever arising) they may have the tokens are provided "as is" you. for any reason you hereafter basis and without any representations bring commence any action legal warranties any kind, either express proceeding respect any claim implied. you assume all responsibility purported released and discharged and risk with respect your use the pursuant this paragraph these available information and purchasing terms, otherwise attempt pursue any amount tokens and their use. any such claim against the company applicable law does not allow all any company representative then you any part the above limitation hereby irrevocably and unconditionally liability apply you, the limitations undertake will apply you only the maximum indemnified extent permitted applicable law. company indemnify, the company representatives and keep and all fully demand from and against: the maximum extent permitted (a) all liabilities losses suffered applicable law, you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive: (i) all and representative; and any claims (whether actual contingent the and holder, without agent, principal any company (b) all reasonable costs, charges and whether employee, office trustee, company reasonable expenses limitation (including reasonable legal costs and expenses) reasonably and make purport make, and hereby properly incurred the company disclaims, any representation warranty any company representative, each undertaking covenant any form case reason connection with whatsoever any entity person, the bringing commencement such including any representation warranty action pursuit such claim you. undertaking covenant relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any provision part-provision any the information set out the this "legal considerations, risks and available information. disclaimer" section becomes invalid, illegal unenforceable, shall representation warranties deemed modified the minimum you extent necessary make valid, legal and enforceable. such modification not possible, the relevant provision accepting possession communication deemed all any part the available deleted. any modification deletion information, you represent and warrant provision part-provision under (and shall deemed represent and this "legal considerations, risks and warrant) the company the date disclaimer" section shall not affect the such access the latest date validity and enforceability the rest which you retain possession all this "legal considerations, risks and any part the available information disclaimer" section. follows: part-provision shall howsoever accessing and/or (a) you are over (eighteen) representation warranties years age; (e) you agree and acknowledge notwithstanding any other provision that the available these terms any statement made undertaking expressly impliedly the available the token sale, future trading and/or information, the the completion information, the company does not the tokens any exchange market (ii) debentures, primary, shares issued secondary otherwise), shall not entity (whether (regulated, unregulated, construed, interpreted deemed you indication the merits the stocks any the person company otherwise); (iii) rights, options derivatives company, the tokens, the token sale respect such debentures, stocks the available information; shares; (iv) rights under contract for (f) the distribution dissemination the available information any part thereof any copy thereof, acceptance the same you, not differences under any other contract the purpose pretended purpose which secure profit avoid loss; prohibited restricted the applicable laws, regulations rules your (v) units collective investment scheme; jurisdiction, and where any restrictions (vi) units business trust; relation possession are applicable, (vii) derivatives units you have observed and complied with business trust; (viii) any other security all such restrictions your own expense and without liability the company; class securities; (ix) any type investment (g) you agree and acknowledge that the case where you wish purchase any tokens, the tokens are not construed, interpreted, classified treated as: (i) any commodity; (as such term defined the financial services (investments and fiduciary services) act gibraltar (as amended re-enacted from time time) kind currency such term might construed under similar legislation any other part the world); (h) you are fully aware and understand that you are not eligible purchase any tokens access the available information you are citizen, national, resident (tax otherwise) and/or green card holder restricted jurisdiction any part thereof you; and you are restricted person; (i) you have understanding functionality, the degree operation, warranties accurate and are not true, complete, misleading from the time your last access and/or and possession (as the case may be) the characteristics cryptocurrencies, and storage, mechanisms material software basic usage, transmission other (l) all the above representations available information. blockchain-based systems, cryptocurrency risk factors wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology; (j) you are fully aware you should carefully consider and evaluate each the following risk factors and and all other information contained understand that the case where you these terms before deciding wish purchase any tokens, there are participate the token sale. the best risks associated with: (a) the company the company's knowledge and belief, and its business and operations; (b) all risk factors which are material the tokens; (c) the token sale; and (d) you making informed judgment relying acting all any part the participate the token sale have been available information; set out below. any the following (k) you agree and acknowledge considerations, uncertainties material that the company not liable for risks develops into actual events, the any direct indirect special incidental business, consequential other losses any kind results operations the company tort contract otherwise (including and the maintenance and level usage but not limited loss revenue income the tokens could materially and profits loss use data loss adversely affected. such cases, the reputation loss any economic trading price tokens (in the case other opportunity whatsoever nature where they are listed exchange howsoever arising) arising out market (regulated, unregulated, primary, connection with any acceptance secondary otherwise)) could decline reliance the available information due any these considerations, financial position and/or uncertainties material risks, and you token not currency issued any may lose all part your tokens the central bank national, supra-national economic value thereof. quasi-national organisation, nor backed any hard assets other credit risks relating participation nor commodity the traditional the token sale sense that word. the company not responsible for, nor does pursue, there prior market for tokens the circulation and trading tokens and the token sale may not result any market. trading tokens will active liquid market for the tokens. merely depend the consensus its value between the relevant market prior the token sale, there has been participants. one obliged public market for the tokens. the event purchase any token from any holder that the company ever decides seek the token, including the purchasers, nor the approval for availability the tokens does anyone guarantee the liquidity for trading cryptocurrency exchange market price tokens any extent market, there assurance that such any time. furthermore, tokens may not approval will obtained. furthermore, resold purchasers who are citizens, even such approval granted nationals, residents (tax otherwise) cryptocurrency exchange, there and/or green card holders restricted assurance that active liquid trading jurisdictions restricted persons market for the tokens will develop, purchasers any other jurisdiction developed, will sustained after the where the purchase tokens may tokens have been made available for violation applicable laws. accordingly, trading such market. there also the company cannot ensure that there assurance that the market price will any demand market for tokens, the tokens will not decline below the that the purchase price indicative original issue purchase price (the the market price tokens after they "purchase price"). the purchase price have been made available for trading may not indicative the market price any cryptocurrency exchange market. the tokens after they have been made available for trading market. future sales issuance the tokens key personnel the company and/ could materially and adversely affect the market price tokens. technologies, cryptocurrencies and/or regulation distributed ledger crowdsales tokens any jurisdiction, any future sale issuance the tokens may materially and adversely affect the would increase the supply tokens market perception market price the the market and this may result tokens, whether not justified. downward price pressure the token. the sale distribution significant the company may not able pay number tokens outside the token any anticipated rewards the future. sale (including but not limited the sales tokens undertaken after the there assurance that there will completion the initial crowdsale, sufficient engagement the company's issuance tokens persons other business platform that yet than developed such that you will receive any business rewards anticipated distributed research, active users the company's business education and market expansion and platform. further, even the event issuance tokens reward users there substantial engagement and the company's business platform that interactions among the users the yet developed otherwise), company's business platform that yet the perception that such further sales developed, there assurance issuance may occur, could adversely you personally will receive any part affect the trading price the tokens. the rewards. this because the ability purchasers community for purposes initiatives, development, academic the company pay any reward negative publicity may materially you will depend the future results and adversely affect the price operations and the future business and the tokens. financial condition the company, and there assurance the future results negative publicity involving the operations and the future business company, the tokens any the and financial condition the company. may not completed and there assurance that will launched all. there assurance any success such, distributed tokens may hold little worth value and this would business platform that yet impact any trading price and/or use developed the tokens. the company's token envisaged sale the available information. the trading price the tokens may the value of, and demand for, the tokens fluctuate following the token sale. hinges heavily the performance the company's token sale and business the prices cryptographic tokens platform that yet developed and general tend relatively volatile, the continuous active engagement its and can fluctuate significantly over short users and success its contemplated periods time. the demand for, and business lines. there assurance the corresponding market price of, the that the company's token sale will tokens may fluctuate significantly and successful that its business platform rapidly response to, among others, that yet developed will gain the following factors, some which are continue gain traction. while the beyond the control the company: company has made every effort (a) new technical innovations; provide realistic estimate, there also (b) analysts' speculations, assurance that the cryptocurrencies recommendations, raised the token sale will sufficient estimates the token's market price for the development the company's the company's financial and business business platform. for the foregoing performance; any other reason, the development the perceptions (c) changes market valuations company's business platform and launch and token the anticipated token functionality businesses prices entities similar that with the company that may listed the same cryptocurrency exchanges markets the tokens; (d) announcements the company significant events, for denials service errors, vulnerabilities example partnerships, sponsorships defects the token sale website, new product developments; the smart contract(s) which the token (e) fluctuations market prices sale relies, the ethereum blockchain and trading volume cryptocurrencies any other blockchain, otherwise. cryptocurrency exchanges markets; such events may include, for example, (f) additions departures key flaws programming source code personnel the company; (g) success leading exploitation abuse thereof. failure the such event, even the token sale company's management implementing completed, the company may not business and growth strategies; and/or able receive the cryptocurrencies (h) changes conditions affecting raised and the company may not able the blockchain financial technology use such funds for the development industry, economic the company's business platform. conditions market sentiments, other such case, the launch the company's events factors. business platform might temporarily the general permanently curtailed. such, the funds raised the token sale are distributed tokens may hold little worth exposed risks theft. value and this would impact their trading price. the company will make every effort ensure that the funds received from risks relating the company the token sale will securely held. further, the company may make every the company's business platform that effort ensure that the funds received yet developed. from token sale will securely held through the implementation any events circumstances which security notwithstanding adversely affect the company any its such security measures, there successor affiliated operating entities assurance that there will theft may have corresponding adverse effect the cryptocurrencies result hacks, the company's business platform that sophisticated cyber-attacks, distributed yet developed, including but not measures. limited the development, structuring the company will depend its and launch the company's business ability manage its operations, ensure platform. such adverse effects would that hires qualified and competent correspondingly have impact the employees, and provides proper training utility, liquidity, and the trading price for its personnel. its business evolves, the tokens. the company must also expand and adapt its operational infrastructure. the the company may materially company's business will part rely and adversely affected fails its blockchain-based software systems, effectively manage its operations cryptocurrency wallets other related its business develops and evolves, token storage mechanisms, blockchain which would have direct impact its technology ability develop, maintain operate technology. the company's business platform and/ tools, and skillsets represent complex, develop, structure and/or licence costly, and rapidly changing technical any token functionality. infrastructure. order demonstrate and all smart these contract systems, continued ability effectively manage the financial technology and technical support infrastructure for the cryptocurrency industries which the company's business platform that yet company competes have grown rapidly developed and the future functionality over the past few years and continue the tokens, the company will need evolve response new technological continue upgrade and improve advances, changing business models, its data systems and other operational shifting regulations and other factors. systems, result this constantly changing these upgrades and improvements will environment, the company may face require dedication resources and operational adjusting are likely complex and increasingly the changes, and the sustainability rely hosted computer services from difficulties procedures, and controls. third parties that the company does not will not control. the company unable adapt its systems and organisation timely, efficient, and cost-effective manner accommodate software defects, security breaches changing circumstances, its business, other causes that could adversely financial condition and/or results affect the company's infrastructure operations may adversely affected. network, the third parties whom the company business platform that yet relies are subject security breach developed. and/or the company's otherwise suffer disruptions that impact the services the company uses, the company not able anticipate the integrity and availability its internal when there would occurrences information compromised, hacks, cyber-attacks, distributed denials which may consequently cause the service errors, vulnerabilities loss defects in: the company's business could confidential information and/or proprietary loss. platform that yet developed, the the loss financial, labour other smart contracts which the company resources, and any other adverse effect the company's business platform the company's business, financial relies, the ethereum any other condition and/or operations, would have blockchain. such events may include, direct adverse effect the company's for example, flaws programming ability develop maintain operate source code leading exploitation the platform abuse thereof. the company may not and/or develop, structure and/or able detect such hacks, cyber-attacks, license token distributed denials service errors effects vulnerabilities defects timely company's the economic business anticipated functionality. any affecting company the adverse business manner, and may not have sufficient technology are likely also adversely resources efficiently cope with impact the utility, liquidity, and trading multiple service incidents happening price the tokens. simultaneously rapid succession. the company may experience system the company's network services, failures, unplanned interruptions which would include the company's its network services, hardware business platform that yet developed and, successfully structured, developed, licensed and launched, the the token functionality, could disrupted network may established whole numerous events, including natural part through servers which owns disasters, breakdown, and/or houses the location facilities network connectivity downtime, power third parties, and/or servers that rents losses, even intentional disruptions data centre facilities third parties. its services, such disruptions the company unable renew its caused software viruses attacks data facility leases commercially unauthorized users, some which are reasonable terms all, the company beyond the company's control. there may required transfer its servers can assurance that cyber-attacks, new data centre facility, and may such distributed denials service, incur significant costs and possible will not attempted the future that service interruption connection with the company's security measures will the relocation. these facilities are also effective. the company may prone vulnerable damage interruption attacks its infrastructure intended from, among others, natural disasters, steal information about its technology, arson, terrorist attacks, power losses, financial data user information take and telecommunication failures. other actions that would damaging additionally, the third-party providers the company and/or holders the such facilities may suffer breach tokens. any significant breach the security result third-party company's security measures other action, disruptions resulting compromise otherwise, and third party may the usability, stability, and security obtain unauthorised access the data the company's business platform that such servers. the company and yet developed may adversely affect the providers such facilities may the utility, liquidity and/or trading price unable anticipate these techniques the tokens. implement adequate preventive equipment company's employee future error, infrastructure malfeasance measures. the company may the future dependent part the location and data centre facilities third parties. general global market and economic other services could also negatively conditions adverse impacted economic conditions that, impact the company's operating turn, could have negative impact performance, results operations the company's operations expenses. and/or cash flows. there can assurance, therefore, may have that current economic conditions the company could continue worsening economic conditions affected general global economic prolonged recurring recession will and challenging not have significant, adverse impact economic conditions worldwide have the company's business, financial from time time, contributed, and may condition and results operations, and continue contribute, slowdowns hence, the company's business platform the information technology industry that yet developed and/or the large. weakness the economy ability develop, structure, license could have negative effect the and/or launch any token functionality. company's business, operations and any such circumstances would then financial condition, including decreases correspondingly negatively impact the revenue and operating cash flows, utility, liquidity, and/or trading price and inability attract future equity the tokens. market conditions. and/or debt financing commercially reasonable terms. additionally, the company the tokens may down-cycle affected newly implemented the economic company may environment, experience the regulations. negative effects slowdown trading and usage the company's business distributed ledger technologies, platform that yet developed and businesses and activities well may delay cancel the development, cryptocurrencies and cryptocurrency- structuring, licensing and/or launch related businesses and activities are the anticipated token functionality. generally unregulated worldwide, but numerous regulatory authorities across suppliers which the company relies jurisdictions have been outspoken for servers, bandwidth, location and about considering the implementation regulatory regimes which govern platform that yet developed and/ distributed technologies, developing, structuring, licensing businesses and activities well and/or launching the token functionality cryptocurrencies and cryptocurrency- may longer commercially viable, related and the company may opt discontinue the ledger businesses company affected the activities. tokens newly may the company's business platform implemented that yet developed and/or the distributed anticipated token functionality, and/ ledger technologies, businesses and the tokens. further, difficult activities well cryptocurrencies predict how whether governments and cryptocurrency-related businesses regulatory authorities may implement and any changes laws and regulations take measures comply with such affecting distributed ledger technology regulations, having deal with and queries, notices, requests enforcement company's business platform that yet actions regulatory authorities, which developed and/or the anticipated may come substantial cost and may token functionality, and/or the tokens. regulations and relating activities, including having its applications, including the also require substantial modifications the company's business platform the company may also have cease that yet developed and/or the operations jurisdiction that makes anticipated token functionality. this illegal operate such jurisdiction, may impact the appeal practicality make commercially unviable functionality the company's business undesirable obtain the necessary platform that yet developed and/ regulatory approval(s) operate such the anticipated token functionality for jurisdiction. scenarios such the users and result decreased usage foregoing, the utility, liquidity, and/or and demand for the company's business trading price tokens will adversely platform and the tokens. further, should affected and/or tokens may cease the costs (financial otherwise) traded. complying with such newly implemented regulations exceed certain threshold, maintaining the company's business there may unanticipated risks disclaimer arising from the tokens. the cryptographic tokens such the presentation the available information solely for informational tokens are relatively new and dynamic purposes. anyone interested technology. addition the risks purchasing tokens and participating included the above discussion risk the token sale should consider the factors, there are other risks associated various risks prior making any kind with your purchase, holding, and use decision respect the token sale. the tokens, including those that the the available information does not company cannot anticipate. such risks comprise any advice the company may further appear unanticipated the company representatives, variations combinations the risks any recommendation any recipient discussed above. the available information, the virtue any participation the token sale privacy policy otherwise. the available information does not necessarily identify, claim purchasing tokens, you agree identify, all the risk factors connected with your personal data, (i.e., your e-mail the company, the company's business address, other platform that yet developed, the details personal you) being processed tokens, the token sale, any future token business functionality the available information. purposes the purposes building, all the participants must make their own promoting, and communicating (about) independent evaluation, after making the company's business platform that such investigations they consider yet developed and the tokens. essential, the merits participating the company agrees keep your email the token sale and after taking their address and other personal data private own independent professional advice. and not share with the public (e.g., any including any external lists selling should check with and rely upon their any third parties). own investment, accounting, legal and the name, address company for and its tax participant representatives the and token sale consultants respect such matters concerning part. you are urged consider the company, the company's business whether participation the token sale platform that yet developed, suitable for you having regard your the tokens, the token sale, any future personal and financial circumstances token functionality and the available and your financial resources. information and assess separately the financial risks, consequences and restrictions distribution appropriateness the purchase and tokens, any doubt about the available information dissemination the facts set out the available information. purchase tokens comprises the considerable risk and might involve howsoever all any part the extraordinary risks that may lead available information may prohibited loss all significant portion restricted the laws, regulatory monies monetary value utilised requirements acquire tokens. participants the jurisdictions. the case where any such token sale are urged completely restriction applies, you are responsible understand, aware and accept for informing yourself respect the characteristics the company, the the same and for observing any such company's business platform that yet restrictions which are applicable your developed, the tokens, the token possession and/or dissemination all sale, any future token functionality and any part the available information the available information. you are not your own expense and without liability prepared accept any all these the company. distribution and dissemination rules certain terms the risks set out these terms then you are urged not participate persons whom copy all any part the token sale. guarantee the available information has been assurance given the company distributed disseminated, provided the company representatives that access who otherwise have all any the company's proposals, objectives part the available information their and/or outcomes set out the available possession shall not circulate any information will achieved whole other persons, reproduce otherwise jurisdiction you are restricted distribute any information contained person. regulatory authority has herein for any purpose whatsoever nor examined approved any the permit cause the same occur. available information. such action has been will taken under the laws, offer securities registration regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination the available this white paper does not constitute information does not imply that the prospectus offer document any applicable laws, regulatory requirements sort and not intended constitute rules have been complied with. offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis all any part the available information. any agreement relation any sale and purchase tokens governed the terms and conditions such agreement and other document. the event any inconsistencies between the terms and conditions that agreement and the available information, those terms and conditions shall prevail. you are not eligible purchase any tokens the token sale you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder restricted