foam whitepaper foamspace corp info@foam.space foam the consensus driven map the world foam open protocol for decentralized, geospatial data markets. the protocol designed empower users build consensus-driven map the world that can trusted for every application. technology evolves and changes, maps need change too. foam secures physical space the blockchain, harnessing the power ethereum with cryptographic software utility token used provide computational work and verification the network. the component elements the foam protocol are designed provide spatial protocols, standards and applications that bring geospatial data blockchains and empower consensus-driven map the world. token mechanisms and cryptoeconomics underpin the elements foam and empower the distributed users coordinate and interact decentralized and permissionless fashion. table contents abstract overview problems location encoding user experience location verification solutions crypto-spatial coordinates properties the csc the csc functionality the spatial index and visualizer properties the siv the siv functionality proof location properties the pol token curated registries for geographic points interest signaling the pol functionality block rewards ynamic proof location anticipated verify location claims steps articipating the foam network cartographer summary otential applications dynamic proof location technical white paper elements foam the thinking behind foam that users should own their personal location information, controlling when and with whom they choose share their location. foam committed solving this need providing spatial protocols, standards, and applications that offer higher level security and resiliency than conventional geospatial technologies and location-based services. location-based services have augmented both urban and rural life, changing how people get around and how products get people. the future, the world's collective critical infrastructure will rely even more heavily spatial information, from stock exchanges autonomous vehicles and the internet things. blockchains have emerged enable cryptographically secure transactions and distribute risks through peer peer networks without the need for trusted third party. blockchains have the potential enable secure and self-regulating emergent infrastructures the future. new applications driven smart contracts will need consensus-driven geospatial data that can verified and trusted. previous attempts create open source map that legible humans, verifiable, and readable machines, have been crippled due lack funding for open source projects. this document explains how the foam protocol allows grassroots user base efficiently solve this infrastrucutre development problem around open communication standards for maps. crypto spatial coordinate standard spatial index and visualizer webapp proof location open and interoperable standard for location ethereum smart contracts. general purpose visual blockchain explorer that enables users understand, engage and act with spatial data. consensus whether event agent verifiably certain point time and space. problems: location encoding, user experience and verification there are three problems relation existing spatial protocols that foam sets out solve which are intended assist users and developers blockchain, smart contract and locationverification based projects and services. these problems relate (i)location encoding standards, (ii) user experience for spatial applications, and (iii) secure verification about the authenticity location data. each the component elements foam designed address its corresponding problem, (a) crypto-spatial coordinates, (b) the spatial index and visualizer, and (c) proof location. location encoding currently, there are established standards for embedded locations, physical addresses, coordinates smart contracts. further, there open way verify geospatial data. for smart contracts remain interoperable, they need shared language for them reference and index the physical world. additionally, location standards today are unsolved problem. throughout history, there have been many ways encoding physical locations into addresses from longitude and latitude all the way the more recent geohash. while autonomous car companies are racing for more accurate location data, the fact remains that most the earth's surface lacks address. according the united nations, the world unaddressed, including more than half the world's sprawling urban developments.[] maps and addressing systems are the foundation our lives, and have played major role throughout history. from the earliest forms navigation, cartographers' work has been vital tool upon which commerce and development rely. have gone from hand drawn maps and non-standardized measurement tools like footsteps, centralized cartography projects ordnance surveys, the most recent high-tech developments digital cartography that rely the work done satellite imaging, geographic information systems and even street view cars. currently, google dominates consumer mapping, followed here, company jointly owned the largest german automotive companies, and tomtom, known for standalone global positioning system (gps) units, lagging behind.[] and that's problem, since whoever controls the map defines how navigate the world. even more for applications that require consensus-driven and verifiable geospatial data. alternative addressing systems have attempted increase human memorability, verifiability and machine readability. notable examples are whatwords and open location code. however, attempts create broadly accepted standard around them have failed materialize these systems are either proprietary, like google, and/or open source projects lacking economic incentives. whatwords uses unique three-word addresses divide the world into grid squares. its system, address such banana.radio.scent could describe area within field for example. though whatwords may hope become global standard, still centralized addressing system that charges license fee. other location standards have suffered from similar problems. see 'an evaluation location encoding systems' for overview these.[] example unique not proprietary deterministic verifiable cryptospatial postal times square, manhattan, yes long/lat .,-. yes yes yes yes geohash+eth xrcnfltaazxlhuwoglbtmdqclnnxqx yes yes yes yes yes csc ahrwtrpehsqr yes yes yes yes geohash drruk yes* yes yes yes whatwords rocky.silver.funded yes xaddress out casts yes open location code q+h yes yes yes yes makaney code wwjt-gn yes yes yes yes yes yes whatemojis https://github.com/google/open-location-code/wiki/evaluation-of-location-encoding-systems openstreetmap (osm) alternative google and other proprietary mapping data, open source and collaborative mapping project which free use and created millions participants around the world. osm gaining traction google, and currently used mapbox, apple maps, pokemongo, foursquare, and craigslist among others. the crowdsourced and open map gets better and better, the value licensing proprietary mapping data from google plummets rapidly. but what osm currently does not make easy enforce agreed-upon truths. this inhibitor potential blockchain infrastructure development, needs location standard for blockchain applications that free, open source and interoperable that protocols can securely connect offline spaces online assets. user experience similar need for location encoding standard, there also needs able interact, visualize and reason about the data with advanced user experience. examples such interfaces exist for centralized geospatial data sets, which are not compatible with open blockchain infrastructure. additionally, there are open user experience standards for visualizing geospatial data from blockchain. numerous blockchain projects' use cases have will need visual mapping tools for smart contracts such as: supply chain energy markets real estate mobility location-based games for any these blockchain applications map visualization component crucial. currently there are blockchain tools for geospatial data. foam aims provide solution this. location verification currently there reliable and trusted location verification service. problematic rely gps and not viable tool when smart contract needs execute autonomously spatial information. backup for gps needed because can easily spoofed, jammed, falsified. this means that there currently truly secure way verify location blockchain-based smart contracts decentralized applications. the vulnerabilities gps gps the world's premier global navigation satellite system (gnss), consisting satellites launched the u.s. military and made available for civilian and commercial use. gips has become ubiquitous tool, recently dubbed "the technology that envelops our cities and brains" alphabet's sidewalk labs. what may not immediately apparent, that gps technology works through time much does space. inside each satellite high-precision atomic clock, which sync regularly master control stations the ground. gps receivers, common today's smart phones, must pick time-stamped signal data from minimum four overhead satellites. using time stamps calculate the time arrival, receiver can calculate triangulated position. ordinarily, gps reliable, such that society has collectively come depend functioning geopositioning system. however, its problems, vulnerabilities and limitations have become increasingly evident. this reliance evident number industries, including much the global financial system. the new york stock exchange uses gps time automated computer trades and atms and credit card transactions require location data. the electrical grid relies gps synchronized time stamps deliver electricity without causing power surges, well obvious use cases relating transportation, navigation, and mobility.[] civil gps unencrypted, has proof-of-origin authentication features, and despite dire warnings first raised the system remains extremely susceptible fraud, spoofing, jamming, and cyberattack.[] operational control system (ocx), the putative next generation gps "will the first satellite control system designed after the advent significant jamming and other cyber threats." however, the project has been continuously delayed, with scheduled launch date now even so, the ocx design fails address vulnerabilities, "gps competitiveness worldwide civil system will diminish." the limitations gps require least four beacon signals overhead, which makes indoor localization nearly impossible. urban density and skyscrapers also cause difficulties receiving four messages and the issue multi-path signals occurs within the vicinity high rise buildings. further, for device, can take multiple minutes acquire accurate coordinate. when comes power consumption, gps drain battery and not feasible for lowpowered internet things (iot) devices. the goal proof location therefore provide consensus whether event agent verifiably certain point time and space while accounting for the above vulnerabilities inherent gps. gnss threats iot positioning solutions: crypto-spatial coordinates, spatial index visualization, proof location crypto-spatial coordinates the open location standard ethereum the foam crypto-spatial coordinate (csc) starting point for this shared location standard, allowing any smart contract make immutable claim address the blockchain and corresponding location the map. crypto-spatial coordinates are ethereum smart contract addresses with corresponding addresses positioned physical space that are verifiable both on- and off-chain. this allows for physical addresses the built environment have corresponding smart contract address that accessible for decentralized applications. the protocol uses the geohash standard basis for this construction because its conceptual and mathematical simplicity. another benefit the geohash standard that the public domain. the csc standard can adopted any smart contract make claim to, reference, location the physical environment. adopted across projects and use cases, the csc allows smart contract transaction activities take spatial dimension. the csc can act reference point for spatial events that works for any kind transaction ethereum other ethereum virtual machine compatible blockchain. since geohashes are intrinsically hierarchical, also means that contract referencing building, and contract referencing iot device located within that building, automatically have spatial relationship. properties the csc the protocol encodes csc hash with inputs consisting of: geohash. corresponding ethereum address. key property the csc that verifiable both on- and off-chain. this means: smart contract can make immutable claim specific location and receive unique identifier, csc, which contains permanent information about both location and the blockchain address. any user can verify off chain csc where claims visiting the location, and verifying the information the blockchain. any other smart contract able reference the registry all cscs and determine any particular contract's physical location and blockchain address. two smart contracts should able compute their location and spatial relationship between themselves on-chain with the data provided the csc standard. the approximate resolution csc one square meter. this resolution allows for maximum approximately trillion unique locations. the csc functionality geographical input, the protocol uses geohash represented value characters length format based the base encoding standard. the alphabet used the standard geohash alphabet defined here. this amounts approximately bits. for the ethereum address, the protocol uses bit standard, associated with the address contract. base, bits base, bits drrehuf xdfabafdefeeecbc base, bits xbfaeefbbeafcfbffefca base, bits uwllriscqfpqbuvko for ease visual human reference, the protocol displays the first characters this representation and the shorter csc address is, the larger the area represents. longer addresses represent more specific claims locations, similar hierarchical concept telephone area codes zip codes. conclusion, the csc effectively human readable paired representation geohash and ethereum address, together with immutable pairing the two the blockchain. possible verify the csc contract and its associated geohash. the protocol allows the csc mapped back the original geohash and address on-chain using the registry for any smart contract utilize and reference. the spatial index and visualizer general purpose visual blockchain explorer the spatial index and visualizer (together, the "siv") can serve the front-end interface for any decentralized application that needs visualize smart contracts map. cscs enable the blockchain act reliable reference point spatial-related smart contracts using cscs and, extension, allow spatial-related smart contracts using cscs queried and displayed the siv. open-source web-app, the siv visual user experience interface that intended (i) allow users interact with, understand, engage with, and act smart contracts using cscs and (ii) serve the foundation large variety decentralized applications that could built top the foam protocol. properties the spatial index and visualizer the siv explorer for geospatial assets the ethereum blockchain. the full architecture the application consists of: front-end interface application that visual explorer written purescript coding language interactive visualization components that can used visualize network activity usage leveraging mapbox base map. interactive elements with independent identity solutions metamask and uport for secure transaction signing and authentication. the ability interact with the spatial index through the common internet protocol representational state protocol (rest) application programming interface (api), allowing other services use the spatial index. the ability perform queries the indexed log ethereum address states produced the spatial index csc referenced smart contracts with elasticsearch functionality. menu deck.gl react, purescript-web metamask foam smart contracts abi rest api docs indexer cliquebait ethereum ethereum servant mock haskell servant client servant swagger purescript pg,redis, ethereum ethereum kubernetes the rest api could utilize the data store the spatial index for foam-based proof location applications, and also act open api for other applications seeking access data generated csc referenced smart contracts. the siv explorer displays the data from the rest api meaningful ways, including reference mapbox base map. addition, the visualizer allows the user interact with siv referenced smart contracts ordinary web browser via independent identity solutions metamask uport. independent project metamask allows users access ethereum decentralized applications (dapps) such the spatial index right their browser without running full ethereum node. metamask includes secure identity vault, providing user interface manage your identities different websites and sign blockchain transactions. the metamask add-on chrome, firefox, opera, and the new brave browser. uport independent self-sovereign identity system that designed allow people own their identity, fully control the flow their personal information, and authenticate themselves various contexts both and off the blockchain. uport fully integrated into the siv. the uport integration means you can now use your uport identity wallet deploy csc referenced smart contracts and sign transactions directly through the web application functionality the siv. the main achievement and contribution this design would allowing users interact with the ethereum blockchain and deploy smart contracts with geospatial parameters from within web browser. the architecture the siv forms smooth loop events, from web-app, blockchain, the spatial index indexing function, and back the app. the protocol uses some the most advanced and novel software available for the task, including the languages, the data processing units, and container-based cluster protocol that supports all it. the siv functionality navigate cscs: spatially-specific cscreferenced smart contracts are displayed directly the application. users could apply filters display cscs according each use-case. deploy smart contract: csc deployed smart contract directly referenced the spatial index using metamask uport. visualize new csc-referencing smart contracts within the spatial index: the spatial index protocol checks when new csc-referenced smart contract deployed, and automatically visualize the siv. the general design the siv enable vast number potential applications across different markets, for example user interface for decentralized ride-sharing ecosystem that empowers drivers and passengers transact without middlemen, control panel for blockchain-based supply chain management, spatial bounty game that may have similar elements ingress, pokemon and cryptokitties. while these applications may not yet exist, the goal cscs and the siv provide necessary utility layer enable their further development. although the cscs and the siv not require the foam token function, they exist necessary underlying architecture allow the use the proof location function, described further below. proof location verifiable and secure proof location the goal the proof location solution provide the framework and infrastructure support decentralized, privacy preserving, highly accurate, censorship resistant alternative gps. foam shared and open protocol that not rent seeking and does not charge receive any centralized fees. location fundamental infrastructure protocol needed achieve the full vision decentralized 'web' economy and can foster ecosystem applications built top verified location standard. proof location the primary utility arising from use the csc and siv elements discussed above. proof location will inherently iterative process which involves the use token curated registries users contribute, verify and determine proofs location. properties the proof location protocol token curated registries for geographic points interest outlined above, the csc standard registry that enables the blockchain act registry spatial contracts and, extension, allow spatial contracts queried and displayed the spatial index visualizer. token curated registries (tcrs) are crypto-economic model for curating human readable lists with intrinsic economic incentives for independent token holders curate the list's contents. the content the list backed staked foam tokens and foam token holders vote additions the list with the goal raising the value their token producing valuable list, described more detail below. the theory and thinking behind tcrs somewhat comparable private maps and locally curated points interest the contributors are incentivized ensure high-quality result, for economic reputational reasons. cscs and tcrs together make powerful combination for new form mapping and maintaining what are known points interest (poi). this light, foam users can the contextualized successors the work cartographers throughout history that maintained geographic data about everything from topography dense urban streets. however, foam takes this history step further granting control over the registries poi locally-based markets and community forces, allowing the information provided validated those who contribute the relevant locality. csc tcr poi historically, maps were created and maintained centralized entities, usually government, and were sometimes slow update and always prone human error deliberate censorship. not until the recent boom digital cartography have maps become meaningfully democratized. maps have never been readily and easily available the public. however, one the most valuable aspects the map are the points interest. today's terms that translates where are the stores, cafes, restaurants and malls, where fleet vehicles ride sharing program like uber should anticipating demand shifting surging, which traffic bottlenecks drivers should avoid app such waze. poi data notoriously closed and proprietary. foursquare leader this field, collecting data from user check-ins, however google remains the ultimate leader, with competitive "moat" around its innovative data-sets. algorithmically generates "areas interest" out its own proprietary data sets. for google, poi data not collected but created out street view and satellite view data which allows unprecedented quality, coverage, and scale that substantially ahead any competitor. the output tcr list/registry, and the result for any csc binary either out. the list/registry curated foam token holders that are incentivized generate valuable list integrity, with the value the registry ultimately being determined how useful and acts good focal point information about the world. however, whereas the concept tcr the abstract often thought subjective (i.e. participants may develop tcrs about inherently subjective lists/registries such the best movies, beaches whiskies), the case foam, the tcr objective and location-based. the entity applying the list either physically there not there can subjectivity with respect csc candidates. result, poi list curated foam token holders can serve social proof location for smart contracts that represent fixed places. from location point view, for business any poi there could great benefits the form foot traffic, customers and exposure for being listed particular registries/maps that may develop. course notwithstanding the objectivity location based tcrs generally, possible users may also deploy tcrs for subjective uses also, such list the best coffee shops particular area. the foam tcr has three kinds actors: consumers that want utilize the list, candidates that want the list and cartographers (i.e. foam token holders) that curate the list. the crux the incentive game include reputable information and exclude faulty information ensure reliable and useful tcr maintained. this done through staking tokens the information the list. let's look example location tcr for foam: ocation candidates submit foam token deposit order add point interest the registry with corresponding csc. in doing so, they have wait out challenge information ensure reliable and useful tcr maintained. honest and reputable, none the cartographers should dispute this candidate and the poi will become part the list after the completion the challenge period. the deposit then locked through the tcr smart contract, and the tokens are staked that poi's listing. during the challenge period, another current cartographer feels that this proposed poi will degrade the quality that particular registry, they can issue challenge, submitting equal amount tokens the proposed listing candidate's deposit. this initiates voting period among the cartographers. because poi data objective, voting cartographers have the ability verify the candidate person. artographers then proceed vote whether include deny this point interest the registry. any current cartographer can then vote, the result which based the quorum foam tokens voting. after the voting period, the challenging cartographer succeeds, the proposing candidate's staked token deposit distributed the challenging cartographer and the winning cartographer voters reward for helping curate the registry. the challenge unsuccessful and the candidate's proposal affirmed majority cartographer voters, percentage the challenging cartographer's deposit forfeited the candidate whose point interest was affirmed. addition, certain percentage the losing challenging cartographers' staked tokens, reference each losing voter's token proportion all tokens staked for this particular challenge within the tcr, transferred the winning voting bloc, again reference each winning voter's token weight within the tcr. the foam tcr interacted with through the siv. cartographers will able vote and change the modular parameters the foam tcr, such the window time which cartographer can challenge candidate which cartographers can cast their votes. multiple tcrs could also developed different communities users, allowing for potentially different registries business types maps dedicated particular purposes. signaling further potential use the foam token cartographers stake their tokens signal. signaling mechanism designed allow cartographers incentivize the growth and geographic coverage the foam network. signal, cartographer stakes foam tokens signaling smart contract reference particular area. these staked tokens serve indicators demand, and are proportionate (i) the length time staking (the earlier, the better), and (ii) the number tokens staked (the less well-served areas, the better). the context the dynamic proof location utility discussed further below, these indicators are the weighted references that determine the spatial mining rewards. cartographers will signal where location services are needed, and doing increase the eventual block reward (the foam tokens received through the mining process described below) that location. this incentive mechanism coordinate cartographers, grass roots fashion, operate the protocol and further incentivize cartographers potentially operate dynamic proof location zones themselves. while the goal the signal function incentivize the growth the foam network and the increased adoption the dynamic proof location functionality described further below, there guarantee that those incentives will work intended result predictable outcomes. while the signal smart contract designed develop and grow the network, always possible that other economic incentives and behaviors could disrupt alter the expected operation the signal function unforeseen ways, and including possible negative outcomes for foam network adoption, participation and utility. dynamic proof location while the proof location utility currently achieved through the tcr process described above, could strengthened through the signaling process and the strengthening the network further through the process described here. all cartographers should mindful that the foam token exists provide functionality with respect the foam tcr only launch, which intended provide proof location functionality for static objects, and the signal function. what follows the potential outline expanded form proof location which intended supplement the tcr, potentially providing proof location functionality transitory things. described here for illustrative and descriptive purposes only and non-promissory basis. dynamic proof location's ultimate adoption would depend variety factors, including foam user adoption, the organic community-driven expansion the network and the requisite addition radio hardware by, and the expense of, individual foam users. such, when adopted cannot stated with any certainty. described above, the signal function intended assist that development but there guarantee that will achieve its goal, whole part, operate intended. however, foam hopes that the cartographers and users will contribute the necessary individual work, resources, and effort themselves contribute the ongoing community-driven growth and supplement this important cartography project. with the addition and use necessary radio hardware, described more detail below, proof location could expanded further prove location status through time synchronization protocol intended ensure continuity distributed clock, whereby specialized hardware can synchronize nodes' clocks over radio provide location services given area, called zone (the nodes providing such services being verifiers and anchors (collectively, the operators)). just gps can determine location through the difference time and distance radio signals, time difference arrival, with high-precision clock signal, the foam network can use the relative geometry between beacons compute node's distance, thereby enabling secure, spatially distributed location system. that context, the foam token would used form protocol participation deposit for zone operators, which needed enable operators provide the necessary work time synchronization the network and serve collateral that the rules the protocol will followed. the rules the protocol are not followed the zone operators, their license would revoked the foam protocol and their staked foam tokens forfeited other zone operators accordance with the foam protocol. zone operators are rewarded new tokens for providing their work, the form time synchronization services, the network. verifiers are computers that check zones for fraud and compute location algorithms from the time data. together the work provided the verifier and zone allow them mine triangulations. their collective output result data that can computed for triangulation and return for this process these actors are eligible for newly issued tokens from the foam protocol [reward for this output]. return for zone operator providing this service, they may receive fee from customers who wish verify their location through the protocol. the denomination this fee would depend the preference the zone. proof location can therefore provide consensus whether event agent verifiably certain point time and space producing digital authentication certificate that fraud proof, called presence claim. discussed above, one use the foam token would the form deposit participate the protocol correctly and contribute the necessary work, security and computation that enables time synchronization. the staking the token needed the ethereum blockchain for the zone operators granted access the shared state machine any given zone, meaning each zone its own 'child' blockchain. the foam token further provides the framework and incentive for zone operators set specialized hardware beacons broadcast coverage, further participate the protocol and develop overlaying peer-to-peer network radio beacons called zone anchors. zone anchors can arrive consensus whether something located certain point time and space based these radio beacons. anchors that are part zone will share state machine the history the time data logs the zone and vote additions the log with blockchain consensus. zone operates its own blockchain where the validators are the zone anchors, which need stake tokens given the authority participate. addition providing zone operators with the ability participate within zone, the token could also permit operators who choose purchase the requisite hardware offer location services via zone anchors, which would similarly verified through the network-based consensus rules. although any such upgrade would dependent the technological points discussed the paragraphs below, from network standpoint such upgrade could achieved future date voting/consensus mechanism within particular foam tcr community that would require such zone verification from certain point time. there are number radio technologies and techniques for localization/positioning systems that might suitable for this task. while the proof location protocol hardware agnostic, the most promising likely form radio technology called low power wide area networks (lpwan). lpwan has potentially low throughput, but can offer the low power and longer battery life bluetooth with the range cellular while operating the unlicensed radio spectrum, meaning license would ordinarily required. lora type lpwan particularly suited for secure and decentralized network due properties that make difficult detect and jam. permissionless, meaning anyone can install and maintain node. communities have emerged major cities around lora open libraries and what called the things network, creating fruitful ground for future self-organized communities for proof location. existing lora gateway operators can serve the first foam zone operators offer location services and bootstrap the existing coverage though user participation. the things network zurich the things network sydney while this radio hardware and technology available today, the foam token provides users with fundamental economic incentive purchase, install and maintain beacon enabling them better participate in, and provide work to, the network. with blockchain-based utility tokens, infrastructure can grow from the bottom up, without the need for central planning. currently, there reliable way calibrate the dynamic proof location without initial commitment zone operators, and hoped that this potential spread initial zone operators can provide important calibration and improvements prior the upgrade the proof location functionality. bitcoin introduced the proof work consensus mechanism which incentivizes infrastructure miners use their computational power make the network secure. with tokenized block rewards, bitcoin demonstrated how build decentralized infrastructure, offering people returns for joining and participating the network. other words, just the growth bitcoin, ethereum, and many other blockchains were assisted crypto-economic incentives, too the foam protocol assisted incentives build out the hardware provide decentralized alternative gps. similar other blockchain mining, zone operators the foam protocol are essence providing comparable work bitcoin miners. moreover, safety deposits held smart contracts increase network resilience. with ethereum's potential move proof stake consensus, the protocol can reward network participation and penalize malicious actors. proof stake blockchain protocols, participants commit staked deposit tokens operate validator and obtain voting power. stakers accrue larger reward participating correctly the consensus protocol. required security deposit the core these incentive systems. faulty behavior detected node, the deposited tokens are destroyed and forfeited ('slashed'). foam uses crypto-economic incentives grow decentralized network location-based services providers, employing staking and slashing ensure location claims can trusted. more specifically, proof location utilizes token staking incentives grow network coverage and utilize verifier set for fraud proofs, and enforce protocol rules. staked deposits allow for attributable byzantine behavior the form slashing conditions. the required staked deposit and risk loss for faulty behavior the core the incentive systems. faulty behavior detected, the staked tokens are destroyed and forfeited the protocol. further, with smart contracts, participating zone operators can enter into service level agreements (slas) with particular projects, businesses locations that require greater coverage and support. zone operators can encourage commitment these agreements with token deposits locked into smart contract. sla might therefore enable autonomous service providers maintain hardware nodes and extend coverage offer services particular projects, businesses locations. such potential slas are related the zones discussed above, and are not currently envisaged with respect the existing utility the foam tcr proof location. order ensure appropriate adoption, diffusion and growth the foam network, all foam token purchasers must prove their use the foam token upon receipt their foam tokens. token holders can this through either the two initial utilities: (i) staking tcr, (i) staking the signal smart contract the spatial index. this requirement intended ensure that purchasers both understand and intend contribute efforts cartographers building out the foam network. purchasers fail become cartographers proving their use, their foam tokens will incapable transfer until such use proven accordance with this process. proof location functionality trustless: independent: open: byzantine fault tolerant clock synchronization. does not rely centralized service such gps. anyone can utilize the network offer utility services. accountable: incentivized: the economics are structured ensure honest behavior and verified with fraud proofs. service providers may remunerated for extending localization and verification zones. crypto-economic incentives may further provide means developing decentralized infrastructure that even more secure and encourages further network participation further described above. such hardware development not guaranteed, may not develop and not available launch. block rewards zone anchors and zone authorities are rewarded foam token block rewards for setting and maintaining zones. this provides zone anchors and zone authorities with revenue addition any transaction fees they might paid for validating location claims. block rewards and the increase physical infrastructure will hopefully contribute extending the geographical coverage proof location and its network effects. discussed above, staking foam tokens allows zone operator receive share transaction fees proportional their stake. however, foam establishes mechanism incentivize the staking tokens geographically diverse manner. this signaling occurs the spatial index, where users place indicators areas where they need decentralized location-based services, which are then recognized within the token reward structure the block rewards. foam uses general staking, proposing spatial weighting for nodes that provide the security the blockchain. additionally, tokens block rewards are spatially weighted the signal. this further incentivizes the growth and dissipation the network across variety users and locations. prior the initiation mining, participants will signal where location services are needed, and doing increase the eventual block reward that location. this incentive mechanism coordinate contributors, grass roots fashion, operating the protocol. the spatial index visualizer displaying signals. dynamic proof location anticipated verify location claims steps: zone anchors and zone authorities clock synchronization adio beacons (zone anchors) and radio gateways (zone authorities) are established and form network synchronize their internal clocks without the need for trusted third party. with encrypted and self-stabilizing time signal established, the network can determine spatial arrangements. one anchors and zone authorities send messages until consensus can formed the precise time. the timed difference messages sent and received allows for location calculated and the geometry the network determined. zone formation triangulation once synchronized, zone authorities establish zones and pledge offer location services that are enforced smart contract safety deposits. ones can provide presence claims for customers competitive market for transaction fee. this done while zones are resynchronizing clocks and publishing their time logs data store. verification proof location gents that contribute computational power, called verifiers, check the time logs zones for fraud. verifiers send fraud proofs the root chain (ethereum blockchain) and the proof location certificates are getting created. note: these features will not available the time sale, and are displayed for information purposes only. the availability these features the future will depend the circumstances described the dynamic proof location section this document. participating the foam network cartographer summary: launch, foam token holders can become cartographers and can contribute their locality and interests curating, mapping and verifying the locations static objects. the foam network grows and cartographers begin fully explore and map the world, once the necessary technical upgrades are made, foam token holders may decide contribute the network one the entities below. order prepare their area for these upgrades, the cartographers can also stake tokens the signaling process, incentivize dynamic proof location services offered their area. the foam protocol provides the technology, framework and incentives for service operators set hardware zone anchors, broadcast coverage, and earn block rewards. the proof location protocol there are three classes nodes: zone authorities are full nodes, zone anchors are partial nodes, and verifiers 'mine' triangulations, computing locations from time stamped data. zone anchor zone authority verifier the foam token the native software utility token the foam network. begin offering location-based services zone anchor zone authority, offer computing power verifier, tokens must staked and will held safety deposit over limited time. this staking ensures that fraudulent behavior which violates protocol rules can penalized. fst fst fst fst fst fst zone anchor zone authority verifier potential applications dynamic proof location proof location intended ultimately play key role our decentralized future, opening new marketplaces enabled privacy-preserving location data. foam hopes foster ecosystem applications array verticals. supply chain management, autonomous vehicle and ride sharing, gaming, and the internet things (iot) all stand potentially benefit immensely from secure verified location data that can used prevent fraud. however, noted above, these potential efficiencies are dependent the significant contingencies outlined this document and should not read reflection current foam token utility. technical whitepaper view our white paper for in-depth technical explanation proof location. please note that information contained the whitepaper blog may have been superseded and/or altered since the time publication. such information provided for informational purposes only, may not reflect the utility functionality the foam token launch, and should not relied upon purchasing any other form advice under any circumstances. foam technical whitepaper foamspace corp info@foam.space https://github.com/f-o-a-m/public-research white paper: addressing the world address for everyone [internet]. universal postal union; available from: http://www.upu.int/fileadmin/documentsfiles/activities/addressingassistance/whitepaperaddressingtheworlden.pdf economist. the battle for territory digital cartography [internet] the economist group; jun available from: https://www.economist.com/news/business/-not-all-roads-leadgoogle-maps-battle-territory-digital-cartography hunt. evaluation location encoding systems [internet] github; available from: https://github.com/google/open-location-code/wiki/evaluation-of-location-encoding-systems/_history fernholz. the entire global financial system depends gps, and it's shockingly vult nerable attack [internet]. quartz; oct available from: https://qz.com//the-entire-global-financial-system-depends-on-gps-and-its-shockingly-vulnerable-to-attack arah scoles. spoof, jam, destroy: why need backup for gps [internet] wired; jan available from: https://www.wired.com/story/spoof-jam-destroy-why-we-need-a-backup-for-gps eohash [internet] wikipedia; available from: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geohash