the decentralized peer peer cryptocurrency for the finance sector whitepaper version created on: may last revised: december legal considerations, risks and disclaimer important notice: please read the entirety the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" section carefully. recommend you consult legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s) experts for further guidance prior participating cryptocurrency investments (such the one described this whitepaper). you are strongly advised take independent legal advice respect the legality your jurisdiction. please note that this summary the legal considerations, risks and disclaimers document which can found online the foin website and which you must read full, making use this white paper and any and all information available the website(s). this summary should not relied place reading the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" section full. the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" section the full version which can found https://www.foin.io/legal applies this white paper and any and all information available the website. the contents the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" section outlines the terms and conditions applicable you connection with your use this white paper and any and all information available the website. the information set forth the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" section may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. while make every reasonable effort ensure that all information: (i) this white paper; and (ii) available the website (all the information the white paper and all information available the website hereinafter referred the "available information") accurate and date, such material way constitutes professional advice. ownership foin cryptocurrency not entitle you any equity, governance, voting similar right entitlement the company any its affiliated companies. foin cryptocurrency coins are considered digital assets, similar downloadable software, digital music and the like. highly recommended that you don't invest cryptocurrency unless you have prior experience with cryptographic tokens, blockchain-based software and distributed ledger technology and unless you have taken independent professional advice. the technology outlined this whitepaper does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out the available information. you should carefully consider and evaluate each the risk factors and all other information contained the terms before deciding invest cryptocurrencies any kind. abstract today's day and age, blockchain-based technology and its applications have advanced the innovation many fields, such the electronic money transfers, personal banking, online payments, internet things, distributed storage, digital voting and others. while most the cryptocurrencies have dystopian future vision, which the end-user disconnected from the finance industry, some new players have started fill this gap (ripple, populous, etc.) becoming bridge between financial institutions companies and the cryptocurrency adopters. the same fashion, foin aims the cryptocurrency for the finance sector, enabling the coin holders gain from its inherent cryptographical model (proof stake) and from the range financial instruments made available through the foin ecosystem. definitions peer peer ico initial coin offering pos proof stake pow proof work asic application-specific integrated circuit cpu central processing unit gpu graphics processing unit fsp financial service provider roi return investment table contents state the art ................................................................................................................................... introduction foin .......................................................................................................................... brief history cryptocurrencies ...................................................................................................... pos pow ....................................................................................................................................... introduction .................................................................................................................................... proof work .............................................................................................................................. proof stake .............................................................................................................................. consensus foin ............................................................................................................................ coin minting ....................................................................................................................................... claim-code ....................................................................................................................................... integration .................................................................................................................................... fraud prevention .......................................................................................................................... risk analysis .................................................................................................................................. portfolio recommendation .......................................................................................................... finance ecosystem ............................................................................................................................ conclusion .......................................................................................................................................... bibliography ..................................................................................................................................... notes and further reading ............................................................................................................. foin the cryptocurrency for the finance sector foin.io state the art since the dawn the modern age, all major currencies have been issued and controlled central authorities. the ancient greek philosopher and scientist aristotle once said about the creation money new element society: "when the inhabitants one country became more dependent those another, and they imported what they needed, and exported what they had too much of, money necessarily came into use" (). until recently, societies have depended exclusively central authorities and financial institutions process payments and offer financial services. while this satisfactory for most actors the scene, this centralized approach suffers from the inherent weaknesses the trust-based model (). with the advent cryptography, financial transactions had been redefined forever. the first and most popular finance-related cryptography application has been bitcoin, the first (peer peer) network that can prevent forgery trustless environment solving the "byzantine generals problem" (). while digital currencies have been known for quite some time now, only recently real progress has been made regarding the actual implementation trustless, decentralized, distributed cryptocurrencies. however, spite all this, the only way gaining wealth through cryptocurrency investments has been speculate the future value the cryptocurrency when valued against fiat currency and holding the electronic token. unfortunately, this has paved the way for countless cryptocurrencies and initial-coin-offerings (icos) taking advantage the inexperience and uneducated investors who, out the fear missing out potential returns, have jumped any opportunity they might have had their way, regardless the potential utility the coin token. because these and its unregulated nature, cryptocurrencies have been either forbidden strictly regulated several jurisdictions, including some very highly populated ones, such china, singapore united states. expected for this trend refract other jurisdictions the coming years. today's investment scene, global level, highly prohibitive and limiting. investment services provider, defined set connected funnels forming complex whole, does not describe the currently siloed payments networks and financial instruments that lack effective inter-connectivity deliver the demands today's investors. for its global reach, due the high costs, legal jurisdiction issues and inefficiencies cross-border payments, many investors are missing out from potential investment opportunities, instead having rely the highly volatile nature cryptocurrencies. foin the cryptocurrency for the finance sector foin.io introduction foin currently addressing the issue the global siloed investment scene, but not limiting itself this sector for the future, foin aims the cryptocurrency bridging the finance sector with the personal investors acting highly curated investment medium. foin will act the de-facto cryptocurrency coin within this ecosystem made financial services providers, blockchain applications and a.i. (artificial intelligence) modules. from technological point view, the foin network uses the pos (proof stake) mathematical model reach network consensus. proof stake novel consensus mechanism for cryptocurrencies that alternative pow (proof work), which the most widely used consensus mechanism implemented bitcoin, ethereum and the majority cryptocurrencies. from technical point view, foin hybrid cryptocurrency, meaning uses proof work for the initial distribution coins (which what the majority cryptocurrencies use) but then switches fully proof stake provide the network security. under this hybrid design, after the initial mining using proof work complete, the proof work consensus mechanism irrelevant for the long run. from the user's point view, proof stake the only consensus mechanism available, thus providing more secure, environmentally friendly and more cost-competitive peer peer cryptocurrency. foin, proof stake the core consensus mechanism used settle transactions. pow pos brief history cryptocurrencies pre-bitcoin although bitcoin was the first established cryptocurrency, there had been previous attempts creating online currencies with ledgers secured encryption. the first proposals for distributed digital scarcity-based cryptocurrencies were wei dai's b-money and nick szabo's bit gold (). satoshi nakamoto paper called "bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system" (), authored satoshi nakamoto, was posted cryptography mailing list. the paper described methods using peer peer network sustain trustless system for electronic transactions. foin the cryptocurrency for the finance sector foin.io bitcoin begins january rd, the bitcoin network came into existence with satoshi nakamoto mining the genesis block bitcoin. embedded the coinbase this block was the text: "the times /jan/ chancellor brink second bailout for banks." first bitcoin transaction because had never been exchanged for goods services before, was impossible assign monetary value the bitcoin units the emerging cryptocurrency. the value the first bitcoin transactions were negotiated individuals the bitcoin forum with one notable transaction btc used indirectly purchase two pizzas. the buyer had hung onto those bitcoins, today's prices they would worth more than million. altcoins interest bitcoin increases and the idea decentralized and encrypted currencies appeal wider audience, the first alternative cryptocurrencies appear. these are sometimes known altcoins and while the majority them are based bitcoin's source code, they try improve the original bitcoin design offering greater speed, anonymity some other feature. among the first emerge were namecoin and litecoin. currently there are over cryptocurrencies circulation with new ones frequently appearing. the bitcoin foundation september the bitcoin foundation was launched "accelerate the global growth bitcoin through standardization, protection, and promotion the open source protocol". the founders were gavin andresen, jon matonis, patrick murck, charlie shrem, and peter vessenes (). was also the year that bitcoin saw wider acceptance, with merchants such bitpay reported having over merchants accepting bitcoin and even big services such wordpress.com starting accept bitcoin. bitcoin price crash february coinbase reported selling million worth bitcoins single month. towards the end the year, shortly after the price one bitcoin reaches for the first time, the price quickly begins decline, following ban from the people's bank china. december the people's bank china prohibited chinese financial institutions from using bitcoin. after the announcement, the value bitcoins plummeted around mt. gox while the bitcoin network continued grow, exceeding petahash/second for the first time early february one the largest bitcoin exchanges, mt. gox, foin the cryptocurrency for the finance sector foin.io suspended withdrawals citing technical issues. the end the month, mt. gox had filed for bankruptcy protection japan amid reports that bitcoins had been stolen. ethereum and icos this the year bitcoin's dominance had been diluted with altcoins gaining more traction. the platform called ethereum uses cryptocurrency known ether facilitate blockchain-based smart contracts and apps. this also enabled the emergence icos (initial coin offering), term specifically chosen resemble the financial acronym ipo (initial public offering). however, spite the technical advances made the ethereum platform, there had been multiple instances where the icos failed deliver their promises. the bitcoin ecosystem more and more businesses and services started accept bitcoin alternative payment method legacy payment methods, the bitcoin ecosystem gradually widened and legitimized the blockchain applications and cryptocurrencies themselves. this, turn, has attracted more and more investors various sizes, being the year where some the big players the finance sectors joined the bitcoin game. during this year the cryptocurrencies landscape had witnessed tremendous growth, from total market cap billion dollars january almost billion dollars late december (and eventually crossing the billion dollars mark early january). pos pow introduction broad terms, blockchain application can viewed distributed database, keeping track the users' balances. but instead traditional database, where it's kept single server (therefore vulnerable hacking), blockchain application such cryptocurrency distributed, with replicas the database scattered across the world, forming large network accessible everyone. this eliminates the hacking problem because attacker would have hack all the participants the network, which statistically and technically not feasible. theoretical computer science, the cap theorem presents the problem distributed data store being unable simultaneously provide more than two out the following three guarantees: consistency, availability, partition tolerance. cryptocurrencies are available (every request receives (non-error) response) and partition-tolerant (the system continues operate despite arbitrary number messages being dropped delayed the foin the cryptocurrency for the finance sector foin.io network between nodes). satisfy the consistency condition (albeit weak consistency because the confirmation blocks), reliable consensus algorithm had developed that could reliably work large network trustless nodes susceptible partition. considered satoshi nakamoto's major breakthrough, the pow (proof work) consensus algorithm tries solve the consistency problem the cap theorem. relies the processing power the computing devices taking part the network, without any central authority. however, because the algorithm's computationally intensive nature, which dependent energy consumption, new-age gold rush phenomenon had been observed. because bitcoin's deflationary nature, the race for more efficient computing devices and mining installations had started. unfortunately, the technical innovation computing efficiency cannot keep with the demand for bitcoin mining, meaning the bitcoin network consumes more and more electricity grows. this kept profitable for the participants the bitcoin network (miners) combination market price inflation and transaction fees, but obviously harmful the environment and inefficient with the computational resources. the security the bitcoin network relies the pow (proof work) consensus algorithm the form block mining. each participant the network given computationally intensive puzzle verify the validity the block. the first node successfully solve the puzzle rewarded with fixed number coins (block reward) and variable number coins (transaction fees). the network considered fair because the odds participant node solve the computational puzzle first are directly proportional with its computing power relative the total network computing power. this network fairness aspect proof work introduces theoretical vulnerability, the called attack" (), where attacker with least processing power the total network power could forge transactions and verify them behalf the network. however, because the current network size and because coin mining uses physically scarce resources (specialized hardware and electricity), cost prohibitive, not impossible, for attacker launch and sustain such attack the bitcoin network any other large proof work network. the nature proof work rewards the first node that solves the puzzle. this translates arms race deploy more and more resources crypto mining that consumes proportional amount energy, without stop, while there are other computationally intensive tasks that also consume lot energy rendering, video processing, weather simulations, physics simulations, etc.), these tasks are computed incrementally and are intensive because the complex problems they need solve. proof work, only the foin the cryptocurrency for the finance sector foin.io first node's work taken into consideration and the work done the rest the nodes discarded. this inefficiency severe downside the proof work consensus algorithm and one the main reasons that triggered the search for alternative solutions. bitcoin energy consumption index chart ethereum energy consumption index chart one these alternative solutions whose security not based expensive computations relies pos (proof stake) algorithms. the pow (proof work) consensus algorithm the participant node likely the first create new block and collect the block rewards based his computing power compared the total network computing power, pos (proof stake), instead computational resources, the probability create new foin the cryptocurrency for the finance sector foin.io block and receive the associated reward and fees proportional user's ownership (stake) the system. individual stakeholder who has fraction the total number coins circulation has probability the first create new block. the rationale behind this consensus algorithm the following: users with the highest stakes the system have the most interest maintain secure network, they will suffer the most the reputation and price the cryptocurrency would diminish because the attacks. mount successful attack, outside attacker would need acquire most the currency, which would prohibitively expensive for popular system. proof work proof stake foin the cryptocurrency for the finance sector foin.io proof work order fully understand proof stake consensus mechanism, one must understand the mechanism from which derived, proof work. because bitcoin the most popular realworld use case for proof work, will use our example order better understand how the consensus algorithm works. the transaction data the bitcoin network stored linked-list blocks. they are secured mathematical functions and the older block is, the harder alter remove, which what makes all transactions irreversible. among other metadata, the main data stored block are: block header (version number, hash the previous block, merkle tree root hash (), timestamp, target difficulty, block nonce) list transactions. the hash the block calculated hashing twice the block header with the sha- function: hashblock sha(sha(headerblock order simplify the notation and account for various hashing functions used proof work algorithms, we'll consider generic hashing function hash(b) where the block header the current block the upper boundary the hashing function successfully embed this block the blockchain, the resulting block hash must smaller than the current difficulty target, which given the inequality: hash(b) where: hash(b) the hashing function the block header the current block the maximum value the hashing function (upper boundary) the target difficulty foin the cryptocurrency for the finance sector foin.io important note that the proof work mining process not constructive process, where you calculate upon the results the previous calculations. instead, more similar lottery, where the first miner find the block hash fit the criteria submits the blockchain and ultimately gains the fees and reward that comes with the block. you can see equation (), the bigger the difficulty, the smaller the interval which the hash must reside. because the hashing function's output unpredictable, outputs completely different hash for even slightly different inputs. therefore, miners must race find variant the block header (in practice they increase the nonce from the block header starting from that completely changes the block hash, hoping that they will the first collect the reward and the fees. proof stake according proof work's inherent rules, all participants the network (miners) have fair chance discovering the next block and being rewarded. the only thing they can change how fast they iterate through the possible block header variations using advanced hardware and consuming more power. comparison, proof stake's rules are changed account for the user's stake the blockchain network. once the coins are "mature" enough, meaning they have specific number confirmations, they can staked. the equation from changed follows: hash(b) balance(u) where hash(b) the hashing function the block header the current block balance(u) function that returns the balance address the maximum value the hashing function (upper boundary) the target difficulty unlike the proof work inequality, the proof stake inequality inserts easily changeable factor, the user's balance, which offsets the need for specialized hardware and power consumption. short terms, the higher the balance miner, the easier the difficulty for him. this results the need for expensive computation being eliminated. this also enforces fairness the network: the statistical probability mint new block directly proportional the miner's balance coins when compared the current amount coins being actively staked. foin the cryptocurrency for the finance sector foin.io order for the miner collect the reward and fees, must provide valid proof ownership the address being staked. order achieve this, can sign the newly minted block with the private key corresponding the staking address. this ensure that only the owner the coins (holding the private key used unlock them) can stake them, and other miners can hijack their address stake the coins and collect the rewards for themselves. consensus foin the foin cryptocurrency, the cryptocurrency for the finance sector, uses hybrid pos (proof stake) pow (proof work) consensus algorithm. the proof work algorithm used for the initial distribution wealth and now relies solely proof stake. therefore, shall consider that the foin network secured more secure proof stake algorithm, since this the algorithm the great majority the coin owners will use. foin among the only cryptocurrencies that uses the unmodified proof stake approach, according which the user's stake computed his share total coin supply (more this the coin minting topic). the main advantages proof stake over other consensus algorithms are: proof stake eco-friendlier, more efficient and does not require massive amounts electricity. estimated that the combined total electricity costs required run the bitcoin and ethereum networks amount over billion dollars (); proof stake discourages the forming cartels that could present threat the decentralization aspect the network, therefore giving everyone fair chance staking. million dollars worth coins will get you exactly times higher returns than worth coins, without any advantages better funded pow miner would have being able acquire more expensive and more efficient specialized hardware; there need for specialized mining hardware all, the barrier entry dictated how many coins potential investor would want buy. opposed proof work, where the mining hardware mandatory order gain marginal profit, you need accommodate the specialized hardware secure, temperaturecontrolled facility. the mining operation would also have have access sufficiently advanced electrical grid infrastructure capable delivering the required electrical load; foin the cryptocurrency for the finance sector foin.io extra channel wealth creation (besides the value appreciation partner exchanges) the pos algorithm which rewards miners with variable percentage their total staking coins, similar how bank deposit would function; enhanced security for the attack" vector that enforces vastly discouraging financial barrier even attempt such attack. regarded the crypto community whole, with even prominent figures from ethereum such vitalik buterin declaring that proof stake the most probable direction for the future because truly decentralized, distributed, secure and asicresistant. because resistant mining using specialized hardware, thus rendering null the incentive for mass-mining the cryptocurrency, the coin will remain the control the cryptocurrency owners, regardless any exterior efforts hijack manipulate the blockchain. coin minting while the proof work consensus algorithm the generation new coins called "coin mining", for proof stake algorithms the process called "coin minting". the foin network set generate new block average every seconds with reward per block foin. that translates roughly inflation per annum. this approach ensures that the new coins issued circulation are kept tight check not affect the existing coin owners and preserve the stability the network. the total number coins mined the proof work initial distribution phase million and will distributed future coin owners according internal rules. coin minting works "locking" your coins your wallet and using these locked coins trust indicator that you are trustworthy. the more coins you are actively staking, the bigger your weight the network, the more coins you are earning from staking. because the foin network has fixed reward per block, this open the door for competition among the cryptocurrency owners stake the longest. for example, the coin owners are actively staking the coin, all them combined will receive from the total supply, distributed proportionally according their share the network. foin the cryptocurrency for the finance sector foin.io the share the network calculated with the following formula: share (a) coinstotal coinsa where share(a) function resulting the share address accordance the total foin circulation coinstotal the total number coins circulation any given time coinsa the total number coins address however, only the coin owners are actively staking, they will the only ones receive the block rewards combined total from the total supply, distributed proportionally according the following formula: share (a) coinsstaking coinsa where share(a) function resulting the share address accordance the total foin actively staking coinsstaking the total number actively staking coins any given time coinsa the total number coins address one can see, the difference between the two formulas, and (), the base from which the share calculated. the smaller the base, the bigger the rewards. the fewer people actively staking, the bigger the rewards for those few coin owners. continuing the example above, where only the coin owners are actively staking, that would translate times many coins according their weight the network. based industry data from similar proof stake cryptocurrencies, estimate that there will between increase coins each year client actively staking all year round. so, for coin owner with foin actively staking since january will have around foin more january st, foin the cryptocurrency for the finance sector foin.io claim-code because its applications the real world, need for more secure way transferring coins from one party another had risen. our approach this need multi-stage payments software solution, similar automated escrow system. this solution uses additional "claim code" that must communicated the intended recipient that can gain possession the funds. this solution will not available launch, but instead will deployed stages. while the initial stage will similar centralized solution, the long term, our focus will fully decentralized solution. for example, alice wants send bob funds secure way, alice would opt for the claim-code transfer instead the regular blockchain transfer. the transfer would follow these steps: alice visits the official portal for the claim-code and initiates new sending transaction. she can input the exact amount she would like bob receive (optional), bob's address (optional) and expiration date (optional) period for this transaction. alice will given address where send funds along with claim-code. this moment, the claim-code considered private. without it, bob cannot receive the coins. she entered the exact amount she wants bob receive, she will also shown the total amount sent (what bob will receive claim-code fees). this case, she will pay the claim-code fees. she didn't specify specific amount received bob, she will shown just the address where she needs send many coins she wants. this case, the claim-code fees will deducted from the total coins sent. foin the cryptocurrency for the finance sector foin.io alice sends the funds from her foin wallet the address generated the claimcode portal. alice then tells bob that she has initiated claim-code transaction and gives him the claim-code. bob visits the claim-code portal and enters his claim-code. the claim-code transaction has not expired, bob will see that there transaction pending from alice. will shown the transaction status and the funds available for him. alice has chosen send variable amount coins, will shown the fees deducted from the total amount and how much will receive. alice had not specified destination address, must enter his receiving address. expiration date specified and past, will not able receive the funds. claim-code transactions protocol foin the cryptocurrency for the finance sector foin.io this approach also brings with added privacy layer. because all blockchain transaction are public, anyone can see the direct transactions between alice and bob. however, using the claim-code solution, the platform acts third party and all transactions between alice and bob will private. also, using this approach, any transaction guaranteed arrive its intended recipient. this translates to: more lost funds sent invalid addresses more lost funds sent addresses where the recipient doesn't have the private key more lost funds mitm (man-in-the-middle) scams, where ico websites were hijacked and the crowd sale address swapped with the attacker's ability cancel transaction before redeeming the recipient ability send coins without knowing the destination address integration artificial intelligence (ai) dates back when was introduced subdivision computer science, which was expected operate intelligently and respond efficiently humans. computer science research defined the study "intelligent agents": any device that perceives its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance successfully achieving its goals. colloquially, the term "artificial intelligence" applied when machine mimics "cognitive" functions that humans associate with other human minds, such "learning" and "problem solving". today's fast-moving finance sector, fsps (financial services providers) need balance automation and personal analysis work more efficiently and effectively. along with foin's deep implications the finance sector comes responsibility offer safe financial medium for coin owner. this infers the problem tailoring the investment channel for each individual coin owner, ensuring both minimum risk and maximum roi, which are the opposite sides the spectrum. while small scale this problem easily solved human specialist (financial advisor, investment banker, etc.), when applied global scale, becomes much more difficult. thanks the recent strides artificial intelligence research and technologies, represents the perfect solution for making the problem more manageable. foin the cryptocurrency for the finance sector foin.io the (artificial intelligence) integration will consist multiple independent modules and will deployed stages. the main modules the integration will be: fraud prevention, risk analysis and portfolio recommendation. fraud prevention this module will ensure that the coin owners' funds will remain safe throughout the entire investment process, safeguarding the deposit and withdrawal processes well the investment analysis. this will make sure that all investments carried through the foin ecosystem will protected against malicious actors. risk analysis the (risk analysis) mainly responsible for risk management and compliance. has already been proven impactful real-world applications regarding how financial service providers manage their risk. will use publicly and privately available data from fsps and their investment vehicles score the risk behavior for specific investment option. portfolio recommendation this module will use data from various other modules, including the fraud prevention module and the risk analysis module. combined with various datapoint specific each investor (e.g. country residence, gender, age, marital status, household size, education, income, monthly expenses, debt, savings, other data from social media profiles, etc.), the analysis will output the investor's risk profile that will grade one's aversion risk. ultimately, the investor risk profile will matched with appropriate fsp based the fsp's risk analysis (see previous module). this will enhance the security the invested funds, such way that all investors, regardless their size, will benefit from maximum roi while exposing them the minimum risk, computed the machine learning algorithms. fraud prevention portfolio recommendation risk analysis foin the cryptocurrency for the finance sector foin.io finance ecosystem because the foin cryptocurrency will address individual investors, will act the de-facto cryptocurrency connecting them various financial services around the globe. begin with, the built-in mechanism value increase made possible the proof stake consensus algorithm will offer returns their investment guaranteed the blockchain technology. the theoretical minimum per annum, the best-case scenario around -%, but using staking data from other pos cryptocurrencies, the real-world roi expected hover around per annum. furthermore, coin holders will have the ability opt-in invest their coins into financial service providers who have registered beforehand become part the foin ecosystem. coin owners will screened a.i. risk-assessment module, also part the foin ecosystem, which will output risk profile and recommend zero more financial service providers within the ecosystem. with the rising pool participants foin, this will create incentive for financial service providers join the foin ecosystem. because the liquidity the foin network, expected generate interest both well-established financial service providers, well other startups the blockchain fintech region well. foin the cryptocurrency for the finance sector foin.io conclusion conclusion, foin cryptocurrency that aims bridge the gap between financial service providers and individual investors, global scale. uses state-of-the-art consensus algorithm which has been industry-proven future proof, proof stake. this enables coin holders participate the staking process, receiving between .-% per annum their staking capital (current data points range), guaranteed the blockchain. furthermore, developing ecosystem revolving around fintech and foin, the coin owners will have the ability opt-in investment opportunities, according their risk profiles. the development and investments the foin ecosystem along with innovative marketing strategy will inevitably increase the coin value the partner exchanges, resulting wealth increase for all foin cryptocurrency owners. foin the cryptocurrency for the finance sector foin.io bibliography kinley, money: study the theory the medium exchange. s.l. simon publications llc, nakamoto, satoshi. bitcoin foundation. [online] https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf. the byzantine generals problem. lamport, leslie s.l. acm transactions programming languages and systems, vol. dai, wei. b-money proposal. [online] http://www.weidai.com/bmoney.txt. szabo, nick. bit-gold proposal. [online] http://unenumerated.blogspot.com///bit-gold.html. matonis, jon. forbes, inc. [online] https://www.forbes.com/sites/jonmatonis////bitcoin-foundation-launches-todrive-bitcoins-advancement/. brewer, eric. cap theorem (brewer's theorem). wikipedia. [online] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cap_theorem. majority attack. bitcoin wiki. [online] https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/majority_attack. bitcoin energy consumption index. [online] https://digiconomist.net/bitcoin-energyconsumption. ethereum energy consumption index. digiconomist. [online] https://digiconomist.net/ethereum-energy-consumption. making sense proof work vs. proof stake. cointelegraph. [online] https://coincentral.com/making-sense-of-proof-of-work-vs-proof-of-stake/. merkle tree. wikipedia. [online] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/merkle_tree. sha-. wikipedia. [online] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sha-. bitcoin energy consumption index. digiconomist. [online] https://digiconomist.net/bitcoin-energy-consumption. buterin, vitalik. proof stake design philosophy. medium. [online] https://medium.com/@vitalikbuterin/a-proof-of-stake-design-philosophyd. foin the cryptocurrency for the finance sector foin.io vogels, werner. eventually consistent. [online] https://www.allthingsdistributed.com///eventually_consistent.html. sunny king, scott nadal. ppcoin: peer-to-peer crypto-currency with proof-of-stake. peercoin. [online] https://peercoin.net/assets/paper/peercoin-paper.pdf. vasin, pavel. blackcoin's proof-of-stake protocol [online] http://blackcoin.co/blackcoin-pos-protocol-v-whitepaper.pdf. zamfir, vlad. introducing casper "the friendly ghost". ethereum blog. [online] https://blog.ethereum.org////introducing-casper-friendly-ghost/. proof stake. novacoin project wiki. [online] https://github.com/novacoinproject/novacoin/wiki/proof-of-stake. buterin, vitalik. stake. ethereum blog. [online] https://blog.ethereum.org////stake/. buterin, vitalik. slasher: punitive proof-of-stake algorithm. ethereum blog. [online] https://blog.ethereum.org////slasher-a-punitive-proof-of-stake-algorithm/. buterin, vitalik. ethereum whitepaper. ethereum github wiki. [online] https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/white-paper. proof stake versus proof work. [online] bitfury group, http://bitfury.com/content/downloads/pos-vs-pow-...pdf. karl o'dwyer, david malone. bitcoin mining and its energy footprint. [online] http://eprints.maynoothuniversity.ie///dm-bitcoin.pdf. foin the cryptocurrency for the finance sector foin.io notes and further reading eyal hertzog, guy benartzi, galia benartzi. bancor protocol continuous liquidity for cryptographic tokens through their smart contracts. [online] https://about.bancor.network/static/bancor_protocol_whitepaper_en.pdf serguei popov. the tangle. version ... [online] https://assets.ctfassets.net/rdrvzfxhev/tuxvsiqkeuaugswg/eaecaf ddfaaeec/iota__.pdf stox platform for prediction markets. stox whitepaper. version [online] https://resources.stox.com/stox-whitepaper.pdf david mazieres. the stellar consensus protocol: federated model for internet-level consensus. stellar development foundation. [online] https://www.stellar.org/papers/stellar-consensus-protocol.pdf