folmcoin white paper payment key for the future secure and anonymous what's happening introduction philosophy features specifications crypto algorithm what's next about folmbank blocks and rewards masternodes mining and pools roadmap downloads and useful links community folmcoin introduction folm coin was designed masternode-based payment system. our team, has been reviewing developments blockchain technology over time and has also studied many blockchain-based cryptocurrencies and identified number deficiencies related them. wanted create new innovative and cutting-edge cryptocurrency that will make several improvements blockchain technology and address some these deficiencies. decided create folm coin. the folm infrastructure uses the codes that make for example, the folm team has developed special bitcoin (bitcoin core). have also combined some algorithm for detecting and adjusting mining difficul- codes from bulwark cryptocurrency, enriched with ties, which major problem mining. this algorithm current great blockchain technologies, and for the first detects the mining difficulty based fluctuating time with the crypto algorithm used luxcoin called hashpower using short block intervals and adjusts the phi. after lot debugging and development, difficulty levels using statistical data the last few have worked some improvements ensure that blocks found. miners will able mine without problems. these and many small but important developments have made possible for folm coin one the most seamless cryptocurrencies for both circulation and mass adoption. hello. folmcoin philosophy needed define folm coin briefly and have therefore defined cryptocurrency that the intersection performance and security. for example, the block length bitcoin mb, which causes delays payment transfers. where much longer blockchains have been proposed, the presence larger sized blocks and the creation orphan blocks threaten the reliability the system. have chosen reasonable but not overly long block length (mb) that would meet both transfer speed and system security. folm cryptocurrency that the intersection performance and security. with the features folm, are aiming become safe many cryptocurrencies have seen reduction the payment system for the future well problem-free emission rate the years following initial release. this structure that can serve the backbone infrastructure for combined with the higher cost creating new master- many blockchain projects. node once the coins value goes leads diminished use and depreciation the years following initial release. addition, knew that the most important part usage declines without the attractiveness new coin cryptocurrency are the miners who secure the network and rewards. counter this, aim provide more incenti- keep transactions flowing. wanted make sure that ves with the reward system the second year than the the new cryptocurrency will provide sustainable profits for first year. this will incentivize masternode holders stay miners and masternode holders. for this reason, block longer while seeing themselves business partners. rewards, their distribution ratios and annual distribution ratios will maintained. believe that masternodes are and last but not least the folm development team will very important component our system particular. continue monitor developments the blockchain technologies ecosystem and promise integrate original innovations into folm over time. with its features, folm will not only today's cryptocurrency but also tomorrow's cryptocurrency. folmcoin what's next folm aims your future payment system. for that firstly, have analyzed the problems that have been happening with existing blockchain-based coins and have decided architect folm with good block time, block size and other great features for seamless and sustainable blockchain infrastructure. have developed payment system that will work aim modern payment solution that not only top this infrastructure "saas" service, bringing brings innovative solutions for payment solutions but also innovative solutions today's businesses and real life work for many years without problems. applications, solving lot problems, and most importantly, allowing you easily develop blockchain infrastructure without any forking. and will introduce you brand new concept that has never seen before: folmbank folmcoin about folmbank the folm bank saas (solution service) running the folm network. owners folms can make smart payment contracts the folm bank. once the conditions the contracts have prepared appropriately, they provide the required folm circulation the blockchain. folm network folmbank users folmbank will provide great convenience with features you have never seen before. has superiorities than former possibilities the blockchain technology. users can ensure that payment procedure expendable with the approval the paying party. otherwise, even the payment went the opposite side, will not expendable (transferable another party). users can create payment templates based agreements between the parties involved. for example, user might create payment template that divides jobs service contract and ensures that payment released only the relevant milestones are completed and the sender has granted the approval release the funds. the transfer digital assets legitimate heirs case death has always been problem. with the folm bank, users can automatically transfer all their assets user's legal heirs die. this will made seamless and automated. users can send expendable payment later date. for instance, user paid user now. however, user can start spending months later. among these, the folm bank will the payment key for the future with many more features. folmcoin features specifications ticker flm algorithm phi blocktime seconds minutes) reward pow block confirms for mined blocks minutes block confirms for send/receive minutes block maximum size maximum coins premine halving default port rpc port minimum transaction fee open source and decentralized (pow) (included premine) pow) unique folm supply method for every year flm best secure algorithm folm blockchain based coin which open the phi algorithm one the most secure source and decentralized. encryption algorithms, combination skein, jh, cubehash, fugue, gost and echo crypto algorithms. purified some bugs blockchain instant send instantsend advanced service that allows for purified some blockchain bugs most cryptocur- near-instant transactions take place. with this rencies live with some bugs that may cause big system, inputs can locked specific transacti- problems the future. folm identified and solved ons and verified consensus the masternode these problems before going live, delivering network. stable blockchain. folmcoin anonymous send slowstart anonymous send starts off breaking your our fair start provided with the following code transaction inputs down into standard denomina- snippet (credit: zcash). tions. these denominations are and flm kind like the paper money that you use every day. dark gravity dark gravity wave, 'dgw' works adjusting the difficulty levels for every block the checking last blocks (instead every blocks like bitcoin), using statistical data the last blocks found. common sensible block size block size designed mb. this greater than bitcoin's block size, while also having just minutes block time which less than bitcoin. total folm able process more transactions than bitcoin. unique and profitable reward system with masternodes earn while you sleep folm designed provide optimal profits for owners folm masternodes, can earn high block miners and masternode holders. for this reason, rewards without mining. has been redesigned with unique supply methodology instead the classic method used most cryptocurrencies. mining with less energy and heat with our crypto algorithm, you can mine folm, with less energy and heat. folmcoin crypto algorithm algorithms comparison why phi .............. ............................. phi algorihm folmcoin ...................... algorithms comparison phi algorithm power friendly algorithm you can mine efficiently. gpu usage skein phi nist skunk neoscrypt d.hashimoto gpu usage(min) gpu usage(max) yes yes yes yes gpu usage(graph) nicehash also phi can work efficiently with nvidia and amd gpus. amd nvidia miner folmcoin amd miner why phi released with luxcoin, the phi algorithm one the most secure encryption algorithms; combination skein, jh, cubehash, fugue, gost and echo crypto algorithms. does gpu-based calculation during encryption. unlike the outer encryption algorithms, gpu resources are not always used the highest phi algorihm the six hashing algorithms that make phi are: cubehash (daniel bernstein echo (petri nets fugue (shai halevi, william hall, and charanjit jutla gost (rf. (wu and skein (ferguson al. level during mixed encryption calculations. this means there will less electricity consumption and less heat generation. thus, has resource-friendly approach and does not compromise security. phi can mined wide array consumer-grade hardware including cpus, well amd and nvidia gpus. phi asic and nicehash resistant. folmcoin blocks and rewards glance .............................. ........................... block rewards proof work (pow) .................. ....................... ................................... coin distribution premine folmcoin glance our block size and time, designed for best performance and security. blocktime reward seconds minutes) pow block confirms for mined blocks minutes block confirms for send/receive minutes block maximum size total coins pow pos .., flm block rewards today most cryptocurrencies yield very high roi the first year. however, the following years, this gain reduced, while the bonus rewards per block reduced. instead this, folm increases the number block masternode prizes the second year, thus making masternodes win more. pow total year fee/ fee/ fee year fee/ fee/ fee year fee/ fee/ fee year fee/ fee/ fee year fee/ fee/ fee folmcoin proof work (pow): proof work (pow) the name states the validation now mapping the cryptocurrency world, "math exam" the work that happened and proving correct. bitcoin and refers the "transaction", the "classroom" refers the many alt coins follow this way consensus make sure "world", "student" refers the "computing hardware/compu- the authenticity the chain. ter" that runs the complex algorithms, "brain power" refers the "computing power" and the "lot energy" refers the understand how works simple terms, assume that "lot electric power". hope easier now understand. you are math exam along with other students classroom. the student who can, not only come with the just like every concept approach may have its own bene- correct answer but also can come with the complete fits and downsides, pow has its own downside some proof (steps math terms) arriving the correct answer which are below: first gets the reward. know this requires student with lot brain power which will naturally consume lot energy from the body. requires more electric power which turn costs the miner high computing power hardware which expensive possibility miners moving their hardware mine different coin the reward better there(loyalty) with more and more coins getting released, miner's reward would come down the coin becomes scarce mine folmcoin coin distribution folm will distribute for pow flm first year, flm second year, flm third year, flm fourth year, flm fifth year and flm total years. distributed coins each year year year year year year year total year total distributed coins total year total folmcoin year total year total premine folm team have premined pow coins use for developing, marketing, advertising and for investors. less than total supply. total pow coins advisory share marketing share flm flm investors share flm development share flm folmcoin masternodes masternodes are, fact, decentralized web computers that serve folm. masternodes perform important network functions and distribute block prizes. they help fix the coin demand, process and serve the folm ecosystem. masternode activation requires flm and some technical knowledge for operations. any wallet that controls flm can create masternode. ............................................................. swifttx .............................................................................. sporks ............................................................................... obfuscation coin mixing tor ipv masternodes .............................................................. ................................... ........................................................ community importance and the governance system setting folm masternode folmcoin obfuscation coin mixing folm based coin join but designed centralized manner through various enhancements and improvements discussed through the original coin channel. provides superior level privacy during this process. although not incredibly anonymous, obfuscation keeps the standard bit processing threshold stable through node blending. example, all bitcoin operations are transparent. for folm, malicious actor would need control more than the masternodes. quite high and significant enough that single process anonymization ratio less than mixed. the -round obfuscation (kiraly feature swifttx swifttx provides masternodes with the ability negotiate and lock transactions. when any process sent the network, group masternodes will work verify the operation. all masternodes the group are locked join the blockchain, they agree the correctness the operation. compared the more common system this side (faster confirming more than one bitcoin during the minute block timing). switfttx allows multiple operations performed the same time, with the same location front block the top the network. this system based dash's instantsend (kiraly a). important feature for complicating anonymous operations for flm users. sporks the folm network uses multi-stage fork mechanism known "sporking". this feature will allow the flm network implement new features and open the desired network. spork changes are deployable via the node software can turned and off required the network. for security reasons, the updates (strophy feature extremely useful and allows the network react. tor ipv masternodes folm allows the user run the full node (or masternode) from onion address ipv address. folm will work add full tor nodes both options. the unique experience folm users working the tor network itself and the mode has been arranged for you. the unique feature tor masternode support secret service run your masternode. tor nodes also provide users with stable internet connectivity. masternodes solve the aggression and reconciliation problems removing the confidentialities from their home networks without affecting them, thereby removing the threats posed location home networking exploits. folmcoin community importance and the governance system setting folm masternode folm requests that exactly flm sent any folm wallet address single transaction. there should not more less, otherwise will not work. the most important factor behind long-term success similar the working principle other masternodes expected the folm community. also important cryptocurrencies. the ability influence the future the coin meaningful way. for this reason, think that the pow process you can also setup multiple masternodes (of course, over the network will eventually activate the budgeted multiple ips are required). also important the fact that superblocks. must ensure that each address exactly holds flm start masternode and requires least confir- these superblocks, paid monthly rate, will enable the mations. after the masternode has started, you can community significantly control the development course move the gained coins over flm another folm over all aspects including its brand presence. dela- wallet. ying the activation this system will save time. have also made available some block rewards that for more detail please check this link miners and masternode owners overall have great https://folm.io/blog/masternode-setup positive user experience. folmcoin mining and pools folm uses the miner friendly crypto algorithm (phi) which consumes less energy. also folm asic and nicehash resistant coin. you can see our mining statics for this link you can see actual pool list for this link https://explorer.folm.io https://folm.io/pool-list pool fee location worker hashrate block last block kwchmining.com gh/s coin-miners.info gh/s bsod.pw gh/s crazypool.ca eu-us gh/s zergpool.com eu-us gh/s corpopool.com gh/s protopool.net mh/s blockmunch.club mh/s leech.skunz.ru mh/s fairmine.pro mh/s poolr.io mh/s xaiten.com h/s miningpool.shop eu-as h/s masterhash.us eu-au h/s saltpool.net h/s doufen.com h/s gh/s total this the state the network the time writing folmcoin road map for coin launch feb more exchanges listing listing pools whattomine listing exchanges listing web wallet whitepaper android wallet masternode profit websites listing ios wallet bounty campaigns offical announcement folmbank mac wallet business whitepaper coinmarketcap listing well-known third-party wallets integration new wallet with trading integration codebase upgrade trading direct trade function flm/btc atomic swaps implementation releasing new roadmap launching folmbank (beta) meetinging the team folmcoin downloads useful links block explorer windows linux paper wallet amd github paper online nvidia miner amd miner community discord bitcointalk telegram twitter instagram facebook twitch reddit join folmcoin folm folmcoin simple innovative and cutting-edge cryptocurrency folmcoin back the future folm will the cryptocurrency tomorrow folmcoin www.folm.io folmcoin references dash masternodes https://dashpay.atlassian.net/wiki/display/doc/masternodes dash instantsend https://dashpay.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/doc/pages//instantsend dash privatesend https://dashpay.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/doc/pages//privatesend bulwark whitepaper https://bulwarkcrypto.com/docs/en_-_bulwark_cryptocurrency_whitepaper.pdf pivx whitepaper https://pivx.org/wp-content/uploads///pivx-purple-paper-technincal-notes.pdf lux whitepaper https://www.luxcore.io/lux_wp_v_nov_.pdf bitcoin developer https://lopp.net/pdf/bitcoin_ developer_reference.pdf cubehash https://eprint.iacr.org//.pdf fugue https://eprint.iacr.org//.pdf gost https://www.esat.kuleuven.be/cosic/publications/article-.pdf echo https://eprint.iacr.org//.pdf skein http://www.skein-hash.info/sites/default/files/skein..pdf http://www.ntu.edu.sg/home/wuhj/research/jh/jh_round.pdf folmcoin