foodcoin ecosystem whitepaper december sontents abstract .......................................................................................... legal ............................................................................................... what foodcoin ecosystem (fce)? ..................................... the mission foodcoin ecosystem .................................... foodcoin ecosystem feedback loop ................................. foodcoin ecosystem network economy model ........... what ecofarms? ............................................................... ecofarms the numbers .................................................. potential the natural food market .......................................... structure and functionality the foodcoin ecosystem ... technology .................................................................................... the concept development .......................................................... potential for cooperation ................................................................. the scheme work foodcoin ecosystem .................... road map .............................................................................................. foodcoin the structure and the model .............................. economic model user cases ................................................... what wallok? .................................................................................... what dipay? ...................................................................................... what digid? ..................................................................................... what smaco? .................................................................................... what prorid? ................................................................................. conclusion ..................................................................................... per aspera astra abstract food, one way another, the basis for business the activity any person. food production and sales are and will growing the population grows. production reasonable and quality organic products problem which becomes more relevant day after day. small and mediumscale farmers are the producers local natural food. according fao (food and agriculture organization), the world counts with over million farmers. the most them are small producers. however, the traditional business models which exist today led the major food brands and agricultural corporations push the small and medium-scale producers and processors agricultural products and foodstuffs out from the local markets. the globalization mechanisms help them tighten their domination easily, using their own material and immaterial resources, the markets countries with less developed economies. long chains agricultural products delivery used transnational corporations, have led decline the consumption local products. that has led, its turn, reduction the number small and mediumscale farms (data from the united states and europe), increase the average age farmers (over years), thus lowering the competitiveness, turning the heavily fragmented market agricultural products and foodstuffs producers into the market large corporations and intermediaries. therefore, example, even the united states farmer gets only cents for every dollar paid the final buyer for the products has produced. billion people earth (mostly rural population) not have any access the banking services and are excluded from the modern economic processes. not set ourselves the task strive against the transnational corporations, and don't oppose globalization. believe that these are all attributes the current moment the development our civilization. any form confrontation leads inevitably the destruction and losses. but cannot ignore the economic, social and humanitarian expenses the existing models. so, our platform will put provide equal access global market production and distribution consumable goods for the large and small producers and consumers agricultural products and foodstuffs together with the modern financial instruments. this might create vast market organic food with fair prices. foodcoin ecosystem legal general information order fund the development the foodcoin ecosystem, token that will sold the public, exchange cryptocurrencies. the foodcoin token coin, which will allow the user access the service provided the ecofarms platform and network. the foodcoin token does not have the legal qualification security, since does not give any rights dividends interests. the sale foodcoin tokens final and non-refundable. foodcoin tokens are not shares and not give any right participate the general meeting foodcoin group ag. foodcoin tokens cannot have performance particular value outside the foodcoin network. foodcoin tokens shall therefore not used purchased for speculative investment purposes. foodcoin tokens will not listed any regulated stock exchange. neither this whitepaper nor any other material relating the offer, foodcoin network foodcoin tokens will have been filed with regard legal standards such the federal act stock exchanges and securities trading law, the financial market infrastructure act, the collective investment schemes act, which are not applicable this token sale. therefore, laws and acts that ensure that investors are sold investments that include all the proper disclosures and are subject regulatory scrutiny for the investors' protection, are not applicable this case. every purchaser the foodcoin token should receive proper advice order understand whether the purchase the token appropriate for him not. anyone purchasing foodcoin tokens expressly acknowledges and represents that she/he has carefully reviewed this white paper and fully understands the risks, costs and benefits associated with the purchase foodcoin tokens. knowledge required the purchaser foodcoin tokens undertakes that she/he understands and has significant experience cryptocurrencies, blockchain systems and services, and that she/he fully understands the risks associated with the crowdsale well the mechanism related the use cryptocurrencies (incl. storage). foodcoin group shall not responsible for any loss foodcoin tokens situations making impossible access foodcoin tokens, which may result from any actions omissions the user any person undertaking acquire foodcoin tokens, well case hacker attacks. foodcoin ecosystem risks acquiring foodcoin tokens and storing them involves various risks, particular the risk that foodcoin group may not able launch its operations and develop its blockchain and provide the services promised. therefore, and prior acquiring foodcoin tokens, any user should carefully consider the risks, costs and benefits acquiring foodcoin tokens the context the crowdsale and, necessary, obtain any independent advice this regard. any interested person who not the position accept understand the risks associated with the activity (incl. the risks related the non-development the ecofarms platform and network) any other risks indicated the terms conditions the crowdsale should not acquire foodcoin tokens. important disclaimer this white paper shall not and cannot considered invitation enter into investment. does not constitute relate any way nor should considered offering securities any jurisdiction. this white paper does not include contain any information indication that might considered recommendation that might used basis for any investment decision. foodcoin tokens are just utility tokens which can used only the ecofarms platform and network, and are not intended used investment. the offering foodcoin tokens trading platform done order allow the use the ecofarms platform and network, and not for speculative purposes. the offering foodcoin tokens trading platform does not change the legal qualification the tokens, which remain simple means for the use the ecofarms platform and network, and are not security. foodcoin group not considered advisor any legal, tax financial matters. any information the white paper provided for general information purposes only and foodcoin group does not provide any warranty the accuracy and completeness this information. foodcoin group not financial intermediary according swiss law and not required obtain any authorization for anti money laundering purposes. acquiring foodcoin tokens shall not grant any right influence over foodcoin group ag's organization and governance the purchasers. regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated cryptocurrencies the world. that respect, regulatory measures, investigations actions may impact foodcoin group ag's business and even limit prevent from developing its operations the future. any person undertaking acquire foodcoin tokens must foodcoin ecosystem aware the foodcoin group business model, the white paper terms and conditions may change need modified because new regulatory and compliance requirements from any applicable laws any jurisdictions. such case, purchasers and anyone undertaking acquire foodcoin tokens acknowledge and understand that neither foodcoin group nor any its affiliates shall held liable for any direct indirect loss damage caused such changes. foodcoin group will its utmost launch its operations and develop the foodcoin platform. anyone undertaking acquire foodcoin tokens acknowledges and understands that foodcoin group does not provide any guarantee that will manage achieve it. they acknowledge and understand therefore that foodcoin group (incl. its bodies and employees) assumes liability responsibility for any loss damage that would result from relate the incapacity use foodcoin tokens, except case intentional misconduct gross negligence. representation and warranties participating the token sale, the user agrees the t&c and particular, they represent and warrant that they: are authorized and have full power purchase foodcoin tokens according the laws that apply their jurisdiction domicile; are not u.s. citizen, resident entity "u.s. person") nor are they purchasing foodcoin tokens signing behalf u.s. person; are familiar with all related regulations the specific jurisdiction which they are based and that purchasing cryptographic tokens that jurisdiction not prohibited, restricted subject additional conditions any kind; are not acting for the purpose speculative investment; live jurisdiction which allows foodcoin group sell the foodcoin tokens through crowdsale without requiring any local authorization; does not live jurisdiction which qualifying token issued through crowd sale securities; will not use the token sale for any illegal activity, including but not limited money laundering and the financing terrorism; are solely responsible for determining whether the acquisition foodcoin tokens appropriate for them; are acquiring foodcoin tokens exclusively for use the ecofarms platform and network; understand the risks associated with the token sale (incl. the risks related the non-development foodcoin network and operations) and foodcoin ecosystem understand the use cryptocurrencies and its associated risks. governing law and arbitration the client acknowledges and accepts that the foodcoin ico operation taking place within swiss legal environment that still under development. the parties agree seek amicable settlement prior bringing any legal action. all disputes arising with the white paper provided, shall resolved arbitration accordance with the swiss rules international arbitration the swiss chambers commerce force the date when the notice arbitration submitted accordance with these rules. the arbitration panel shall consist one arbitrator only. the seat the arbitration shall lucerne, switzerland. the arbitral proceedings shall conducted english. foodcoin ecosystem what foodcoin ecosystem (fce)? foodcoin ecosystem (fce) blockchain ecosystem, architecturally designed create global marketplace food and agricultural products the existing platform ecofarms with the opportunity add other platforms. fce will based ethereum technology universal trading platform for businesses dealing with food broadly defined. the foodcoin ecosystem deals will take place with the use smart contracts, while the transactions will accept proper cryptocurrency named foodcoin (food). wide selection tools, such proper "smart" wallet, remote user identification system, flexibly configurable smart contracts, authentication the origin food and proper crypto payment processor, will let the business process participants related food choose and customize the essential platform parameters reduce current expenses. believe that this wide selection fce instruments might used the farmers, manufacturers agricultural machinery and fertilizers, farm product processors, food manufacturers, cafes and restaurants, food delivery services, etc. significant potential may using foodcoin ecosystem social projects. using combination ecofarms and foodcoin additional alternative social currency for supporting the local systems and ensuring the local food and economic security, will revive the local smallscale food producers and push the local economies develop. these tools will interesting the public authorities and municipalities, where decisions are controlled the local communities. foodcoin ecosystem has the plans support food and startups with the verified model, innovation content and the significant growth potential using the platform ecofarms and fce blockchain. the special crypto fund will founded with this aim view. the purpose fund will effective use liquid money build integral ecosystem. another essential scope using foodcoin ecosystem will nonprofit and charity organizations. the ecofarms platform has launched two charity projects: "stop hunger" and "help farmer". using the blockchain technology will simplify the addressed charity the global level, and make these activities completely transparent. foodcoin ecosystem foodcoin ecosystem planning collaborate with government and non-government organizations the integration blockchain technologies solve actual global problems, such famine relief, disaster relief, climate fluctuation, support small farmers, uncontrolled global migration agricultural population. payment instrument, the platform will use its cryptocurrency foodcoin (food). all the parties the transactions will freely exchange foodcoin for goods and services, buy and sell foodcoin exchange markets. ensure the quick and organic launch the platform, will use strong marketing and training instruments well the support the community developed our project. foodcoin ecosystem the mission foodcoin ecosystem the mission fce business platform form fully-featured ecosystem, bringing together all economic agents (sellers, distributors, buyers, banks, insurance and logistics companies, tax services, customs, etc.) into single blockchain platform. small consumers agricultural products, such coffee shops, restaurants, grocery stores, gastro-boutiques, will have access the global market proposals directly from the manufacturers, for example, the coffee from plantation kenya, cheese and chocolate from small manufacturer switzerland wine from small winery france. using foodcoin ecosystem and smart contracts, major food producers and distributors may substantially reduce their expenses search and identification new agents and contractors, well signing and management new contracts. our goal create platform with simple and clear instruments available for simple farmers and producers who are not familiar with the world blockchain technologies. understand that apart from the technological limitations blockchainplatforms, which are going solved over time, there are conception limitations the common users, who are not ready (and don't have to) key into the technology, and should have wide and convenient set instruments solve their everyday business tasks the consumers. based this are going build platform focused the customer's needs. small farmers, well the large producers and distributors, will get equal access fce, creating comprehensive global competition environment for producers food and agricultural products. with minimum skills, the users will able find customers and suppliers, using the interactive map ecofarms. the smart contracts can signed without involving lawyers, and there need maintain logistics departments connect with logistics companies. lots intermediaries will excluded from the transactions, and this will provide significant cost savings signing and managing the contracts. will allow businesses better compete with the companies which make deals traditional way (through intermediaries maintaining large teams law, logistics, etc.). foodcoin ecosystem foodcoin ecosystem feedback loop foodsoin ecosystem designed transparent and accessible system with simple registration procedure and the opportunity enter one's profile click. transparency and accessibility the platform are important for the growth and development ecosystem under the conditions new economy and form the basis the project. blockchain technology does not require climate trust among the parties the transactions. creates the environment that will guarantee protection against fraud without any need trust the other party. the focus internal security and feedback loop are great importance the architecture the platform enhance the security the transactions. every successful transaction that was first initiated within the system and had weak initial impulse (because the lack trust) get quite another (larger impulse) and the tendency repeated has passed all the stages and has been completed successfully. but the re-initialization, will have more significant input impulse that will grow further while moving the completion. thus classic feedback loop put into practice within the balanced ecosystem with sufficient selection instruments will generated. foodcoin ecosystem foodcoin ecosystem network economic model foodcoin ecosystem network economic model that consolidates farmers, buyers natural food, restaurants and grocery shops owners, members buying clubs, manufacturers and distributors, logistics and transport companies, customs brokers, insurance companies, state certification authorities well customs and tax authorities. operating procedures within the platform and instruments for their execution such payment instruments and identification systems are made for every type users. global marketplace will provide sellers, distributors and manufacturers with the unlimited access new markets, the opportunity work both local and global markets, the instruments for strategic market research and business development planning. using them manufacturers and sellers will get chance make for shortfall current assets thus becoming competitive market players alongside with major manufacturers and networks. having become the members the platform, buyers and sellers will get direct access each other including private communication using the integrated messenger. network economy model will produce synergies for all members the ecosystem using co-operation with each other feedback loop system. thus the buyers will get access the unlimited range the original, high-quality and low-priced goods and the sellers will get the growing flow favorably disposed consumers. getting access foodcoin ecosystem state and control organizations will get convenient tool for financial crimes enforcement (tax avoidance, struggle against counterfeit, etc.). being marketplace with variety essential and useful instruments, foodcoin ecosystem provides cost minimization and access financing and global marketing. its users will get technological competitive advantage, the grounds for business expansion and the opportunity meet competition this field. foodcoin ecosystem network economic model foodcoin ecosystem what ecofarms? ecofarms agreed become early adopter foodcoin ecosystem because the tools created the foodcoin ecosystem can useful for users ecofarms. turn, foodcoin ecosystem interested ecofarms platform because has the necessary infrastructure attract farmers and food producers, well the possibility provide them with convenient tools foodcoin ecosystem. the first stage, ecofarms platform has integrated the foodcoin token one the payment methods for buying and selling food and sending and receiving donations for farmers. ecofarms global marketplace for and projects the natural food market. the ecofarms project became the first global natural food marketplace which enables its users make and accept payments for food with crypto currency. the users ecofarms have access the instruments direct marketing and the opportunity sign agreements online, make and accept various types payment (by cash, credit cards, paypal and crypto currency). ecofarms offers its users unique services designed for business models such buying clubs, food coops, csa and herd shares (for users from the us). users get access the platform via browser, well mobile devices. foodcoin ecosystem ecofarms the numbers offices the united states (bethesda, md) and russia (moscow); over registered users; over sellers the united states and russia (approximately /); users registered continents (canada, mexico, great britain, costa rica, india, australia, malawi, nigeria, ukraine, belarus, and others); over products the site; the sales start from october average growth per month; foodcoin ecosystem potential the natural food market over trillion healthy food market worldwide (source: euromonitor) customers the united states willing pay more for local products (source: atkearney) farmers markets the united states. growth over years (source: usda) billion: grocery retail sales the united states (source: statista) all food will sold online until (source: kearney) customers believe that local products are underrepresented the market (source: kearney) agricultural sales are made the farms with turnover less than (source: usda) less than cents for each dollar spent the buyer the products come the farmer the united states (source: vdacs). foodcoin ecosystem structure and functionality the foodcoin ecosystem the implementation the foodcoin ecosystem project involves creating several basic functions essential for the quick and low-cost transfer the main traditional types economic interactions among various blockchain platform users: database distributed ledger; own crypto currency the foodcoin (food) multi-functional advanced crypto wallet the wallok **; own payment system the dipay (dp) ***; remote user verification the digid ****; system for smart contracts multisign the smaco *****; product authentication the product origin (prorid) ******. foodcoin ecosystem will have hierarchical and customizable system for the data access (personal, corporate, well smart contracts data, transactions, guarantees, etc.). each element the foodcoin ecosystem structure will represent tool, organically linked with the rest the platform, but capable operate independent element. more detailed information about each element the structure will presented below. foodcoin ecosystem technology ethereum-based blockchain will used technological solution build foodcoin ecosystem. this technology was selected mainly because allows you optimally combine distributed database storage system, smart contracts and remote user identification the platform. technically, foodcoin ecosystem will provide peer-to-peer network associated nodes (for data processing and storage). each node stores complete copy the fce blockchain. these nodes are provided the architecture both private and open blockchain structure maximize the protection against unauthorized data modification. private blockchain structure model formed within corporate entity will constitute closed system and will available only users with private keys. this mechanism will have flexible customizable hierarchical structure allowing include exclude from the monitoring and administration the objects such smart contracts, various departments, and services within the company, well external parties, such partner banks, insurance and logistics companies, customs brokers, tax services, etc. foodcoin ecosystem the concept development the advantages foodcoin ecosystem concept consists the fact that our easily scalable platform does not imply confrontation with traditional financial institutions, excluding the competition with them the cause counteraction from their part. instead, foodcoin ecosystem will offer banks cooperation and wide range instruments generate new sources income and profit channels. banks will offered key role the work fce: bank digid user verifier (as one the required participants the verification consensus) escrow payments warranter cryptocurrency exchange exit gateway smaco contracts (as one the required participants the verification consensus) date, the banks have reliable and proven user identification and verification system, both for legal bodies and individuals. for sure, the banks which work with fce customers will ready confirm the reliability data their customers make transactions. the loyalty the foodcoin ecosystem behalf the banks will potentially generate flow new fresh and active clients. addition, the banks will interested offering their new "digital" and "crypto" clients such services the warranter escrow payments and exit gateway the cryptocurrency exchange markets. foodcoin ecosystem potential for cooperation since major part foodcoin ecosystem instruments refers the fintech sphere, its cooperation with traditional and online banks seems obviously perspective for the development the platform. moreover, telecommunication companies with their wide database identified users, legal, insurance and logistics companies, numerous services trade management the local, national international level, should extensive basis for cooperation. there are two key factors that will motivate future partnerships: quick integration into the realities the new global digital economy with new sources income; the risk exclusion from the trade transaction chain and reduction the customer base with global implementation the blockchain. foodcoin ecosystem the scheme foodcoin ecosystem work foodcoin ecosystem will balanced ecosystem providing set instruments, initially created work ecofarms. further these instruments will used other platforms well through open sources and api. smart contracts smaco will available library standard and optionally customizable contracts and will the middle fce. all the users will able customize them easily solve various problems (with standard and optional features). the users will interact within the platform using the wallok cryptowallets. numerous partners who have got identification resources (banks, mobile network operators, notaries, insurance companies, etc.) will act user verifiers and escrow payments warranters. dipay payments processor will conduct fiat and cryptocurrency transactions quickly and easily. over time, the public fiscal bodies will automatically connect the smart contracts for online monitoring the business activity, eliminating potential fraud with taxes (customs duties, excise taxes, income taxes, etc.). thus, the state structures responsible for the effective collection taxes will interested transferring real deals the blockchain platform. foodcoin ecosystem ecofarms blockchain trading platform user database with interactive map (personal and corporate included digid (digital identity verification platform) tax authority customs authority insurance company customs authority fce wallet smart-contract (smaco) fce wallet fce user (buyer) fce user (seller) dipay cryptopayment processing service escrow-payment (based partner service) cryptocurrency exchanges (based partner service) fce internal subjects fce external subjects governmental subjects foodcoin ecosystem road map implementation the fce project will through several stages: market research (august this round necessary test the concept foodcoin ecosystem among potential investors and assess the level perception the project. establishing office lucerne, switzerland (november switzerland one the few jurisdictions loyal blockchain projects. also, the economy switzerland founded three pillars: finance, agriculture, high-tech production. thus, the two directions out the three combine perfectly our project. therefore, switzerland will the starting point the european direction the development ecofams and fce. token generation event. sale. -st stage (december this stage, first foodcoin tokens will issued. foodsoin smart contract the ethereum network the first version our internal payment system. the next stage development our internal payment system create software independent its work from the infrastructure the ethereum (eg, ethereum miners).thus, shall able significantly extend the functionality the payment system and bring new level. when upgrading the new version foodcoin, users will provided with range tools for voluntary transition from the old the new version the software (export tokens into coins). export from the old version the new one will available for the unlimited period time, but technical support will limited time easy imagine such transition with the example text documents. there simple and old txt format that allows you store simple text data (this the analogue foodcoin the first version). but you can open text document word, add pictures and formatting, and save doc (the equivalent foodcoin version after changing txt doc, you get lot new functions, but you will not able read your documents simple text editors, like notepad. there right change the old coin with the new one, since foodcoin will have the sole discretion decide and when will change from the ethereum blockchain another system. development internal multifunctional multisig wallet wallok (december foodcoin ecosystem launching smaco smart contracts for closed and open blockchains with flexible customizable hierarchy access and administration (may development digid technology (remote user identification) (december prorid products and goods origin authentication system (october dipay development internal payment processor system. launching this tool will able after receiving all kind authorisations. (may foodcoin ecosystem foodcoin the structure and the model foodcoin (food) cryptocurrency underlying the foodcoin ecosystem the payment instrument within its blockchain. should noted that the token generation event stage when the foodcoin blockchain not available yet the erc- tokens will issued. initial followers and the fce community members can purchase these tokens support the project and give chance executed. foodcoin token issued launch own internal payment and financial fce instruments and for full local and international activity the basis various platforms such ecofarms and the others. the foodcoin tokens will issued stages, during the token generation event. the first stage the tge will include the market research and the erc- tokens initial distribution. market research was successfully carried out august-september and revealed high interest the project and concern around the world with the problems production and fair distribution food. all tokens that were distributed the first round tge will the basis for the calculation the total amount tokens and later the foodcoin cryptocoins. all the erc- tokens distributed the first round tge will make the total amount tokens (and later full-value foodcoin cryptocoins) that will issued the foodcoin blockchain. the second round tge another the erc- tokens will distributed according the current exchange rate. thus, the total amount tokens distributed among the initial fce followers will the second round fce will take place before foodcoin blockchain ready for launch. will the same token erc- with the same functionality the first phase thetge. during the tge the rate foodcoin will be: food eth erc- tokens will start freely accessed and exchanged specialized crypto-exchanges after the end the stage tge. thus the market price the foodcoin cryptocurrency will established for the moment its appearance. foodcoin ecosystem the rest the total amount cryptocoins will distributed follows: social projects ecosystem development founder miners after creating foodcoin blockchain advisory board team the development fund will separate fund and its activity will determined the problems maintaining and developing integrated ecosystem. the miners reward will consist elements. they include the issue foodcoins favor the miners for the work done well the fee that transaction participants will voluntarily assign for the confirmation foodcoin ecosystem their transactions. over time, when the amount emission intended for mining will equal the total volume emissions, the miners will longer receive compensation from the foodcoin ecosystem itself but will continue receive commission for confirmation transactions. the volume emissions for the miners should ensure sufficient time for the foodcoin ecosystem reach operating conditions. soon the issue becomes impossible the mining will maintained the internal fees established and balanced the participants themselves within the ecosystem. mining programs will available and the mining model will allow everybody make confirmation the transactions within the chain thus excluding the possibility the artificially inflating prices for the confirmation the transactions. the fee for the activity within the blockchain will determined the market itself. the social projects fund will developed cooperation with various specialized government, non-government and non-commercial organizations dealing with the problems fighting hunger, support local farmers, food and agro projects, climate change problems, etc. the spending will targeted and will accompanied information support that all members the community and the owners the foodcoins can evaluate the results this activity. the advisory board fund will founded attract high-quality experts blockchain field, it, logistics, social policy, monetary policy, investments and credit policy. the team fund will used stimulate the project stuff and enlarge their number. foodcoin not type stock any other security, and should not considered investment instrument. foodcoin internal payment instrument used ecofarms platform and other platforms. the main task the foodcoin cryptocurrency ensure the seamless operation foodcoin ecosystem. the cost and value the food can vary over time, both upward and downward. the food will traded various exchanges that will determine the cost and rate value other crypto and fiat currencies, accordance with the demand and proposal. foodsoin cannot and should not purchased for purposes other than those declared the fce program. warn that the potential risks using foodcoin investment speculative instrument fall completely with those who decide use food for investment speculation. foodcoin ecosystem funds allocation the funds collected tge will used achieve the goals set out this whitepaper. since believe that the -st. stage the community should evaluate the market potential itself. foodcoin will build its ecosystem depending the volume funds contributed the tge. min. cap. eth max. cap the -st stage eth. eth foodcoin blockchain and wallok (internal wallet v.) eth creating smaco (foodcoin smart-contract system) eth digid launching (remote identity service) eth prorid (product origin authentication system) launching. eth dipay (payment processor) eth accelarator for the food&ag start-ups that have already got the ultimate product and customers, and are ready develop together with foodcoin ecosystem eth social projects for local food development foodcoin ecosystem marketing the team (the involvement highly qualified experts the field blockchain) infrastructure development foodcoin ecosystem loyalty program attract new online trading platforms (online shops, local marketplaces) operating costs tge related costs social projects (the use foodcoin alternative currency stimulate local food&ag businesses development accelerator for the food&ag start-ups that have already got the ultimate product and customers, and are ready develop together with foodcoin ecosystem) experts and advisers foodcoin ecosystem economic model user cases foodcoin decentralized blockchain platform that allows you organize money circulation, social and business processes between large number independent economic agents without trust single center any member the network. the introduction community currency and technical blockchain infrastructure leads the simplification settlements and the automation processes, thus leading the elimination intermediaries that are common for centralized systems. result, all members the process (members the chain production, supply and consumption food) receive significant increase efficiency and reduction costs. all the advantages and user-cases the platform can divided into large categories social and economic. social user-case way using platform that leads additional value, the cost which cannot measured directly. however, this value essential for all (or most) parties transaction process and apparent interest. for example, the trust the product the supply-chain, since there its tracking from production stage sales, reducing routine work, automation processes that were likely fail centralized system. providing work opportunities that were previously impossible, etc. the economic user-case way using the platform, which leads the mutual economic benefit the target participants the process. this reflected the mutual reduction costs for the transaction process, well the reduction the cost intermediaries the price structure the goods. for example, this expressed decrease the cost goods for the final customer, because there income several intermediaries the structure its price. the same time, this situation also profitable for the manufacturer, since the elimination intermediaries enables him increase his margin, which will allow him further develop production goods while reducing the final cost the consumer. the humanitarian user-case the result using the platform that leads the solution significant humanitarian problem. usually, this the result the effective work solve economic and social problems particular territory. this due the fact that the nature inequality foodcoin ecosystem usually found the economic and political structure. frequently, the instability the political system leads significant increase the risks investment, investments not come, the standard living low, there possibility introduce modern farming methods and pay for exits product markets. all this leads the fact that despite the fertile land, excellent climate and production opportunities, the farmer does not have the opportunity sell his goods the foreign market, gives this function the intermediary who solves this issue. this case, the products are bought knockdown price and resold rich jurisdictions much more expensive. thus, the consumer does not have the opportunity buy quality products adequate price, and the farmer cannot emerge from poverty. and this vicious circle. this case, the decentralized system the technical basis for building transparent and predictable social and economic relations. the most significant points are the following: independent monetary circulation, the possibility building automatically-executable contracts (smartcontracts), fixing obligations and reputation, building transparent supply chains, transparent systems support and distribution funds. should noted that the optimization the supply chain one the most important tasks this system. there are two types intermediaries these chains: intermediaries-parasites and intermediaries that create real value added the process their work. the first category (parasites), consider resellers and those who use the fact that the farmer has out-reach the final consumer distributor and add significant part the price, without increasing the value the product. intermediaries that add real value the category entities, which include logistics companies, customs brokers, consignment warehouses, banks, insurance companies. these intermediaries allow you carry out the necessary work, for example, qualitative delivery cargo, its customs clearance (in the current reality, necessary formalize relations with state bodies when crossing borders), and on. let consider the technical mechanics the platform. globally, you can divide all the directions into the following: token food technical unit (gas) for the platform and token food currency token and its circulation for mutual settlements economic agents the platform. the system smart contracts (digital contracts). apply one more contracts organize the supply chain the bb, bc, models. the system digital reputation economic agents the ability register their own manufactured goods the blockchain (for use paragraph the ability create their own derivative currencies local communities the foodcoin blockchain foodcoin ecosystem possibility flexible construction additional user-cases the platform using the smart-contracts technical capabilities are just the foundation for social processes. let consider the social processes the platform (items are saved): the independent currency the community allows you make mutual settlements convenient format, without borders and obstacles. reliable fixing payment and security. the system smart-contracts (digital contracts) allows you conduct supply chain from the manufacturer the final consumer distributor the region transparently and with minimum complexities. only the intermediaries that create value are involved the chain and their services are clearly regulated time and cost. digital reputation motivates users conduct honest long-term business and significant additional value the market important aspect for the formation supply chains and identification the farmer his goods digital form certain local communities can issue their own currency the basis food crypto currency for internal mutual settlements. this will create additional cost base, which, necessary, can used support the activities the economy (you will find the example later) should noted that all the above-mentioned items contain mainly technical basis (and consequence, induce social processes) that convert the opportunity supply goods and eliminate unnecessary intermediaries. addition, marketplaces (one them ecofarms) will implemented, where buyers and sellers will able find each other and further use all the technical and social benefits for mutual settlements. let consider the general scheme the economy the platform: foodcoin ecosystem other currency exchange user user user user user the economy the foodcoin platform has digital payment unit food. the number food limited mathematically and embedded the source code. the users interact within the system, transferring tokens each other. the platform has closed economy and interacts with the outside world through the exchange, where the food rate other currencies and digital assets determined. food the basic asset the platform. when the local currencies the community the platform users are created, their circulation carried out according the same scheme, with the exchange for food the internal decentralized exchange. with reference the fiat currencies the outside world, the food token refers deflationary model because the limited emission. the value the token depends its demand for the community and, consequence, the ratio buy sell orders the exchange (the price the asset can only determined the transaction). obviously, the system demand the outside world, the food token will regularly bought for fiat currencies other crypto-currencies. closed condition important point monetary circulation. closed condition means that the token will mostly apply for goods and services within the platform, i.e. without selling for another currency. for foodcoin ecosystem example, farmer who received food payment for the goods paid for the work his contractors and raw materials produce his products food tokens, and the producer raw materials then bought something else and on: farmer consumer payment food coins food coins buy food coins raw materials provider food coins sell exchange obvious that the goal create such community the platform and such value from participation the community that the duration the token circulation (the number transactions before entering the exchange for sale) was the maximum. then the price the token will stable due decrease the offer the exchange; and the deflationary model, together with increase interest and new users the platform, will lead increase the price the token the long term. have considered the simple turnover the token the platform. now let consider real case selling product farmer using supplychain technology consumer from another country (see the figure below). the fulfillment the terms the smart-contract checked every stage the chain. the conduct operational activities the collaboration with the mentioned intermediary structures through smart-contract will automate the process and make transparent. addition, delivery monitoring planned including the use sensors pressure and others delivery monitor compliance with the transport conditions the product. using this system farmer can essentially conduct foodcoin ecosystem transaction when the remaining links the chain work according given algorithm with understandable execution control. farmer insurance company logistic company smart contract condition condition condition temporary storage customs broker country border temporary storage customs broker bank consumer logistic company obvious that the elemental case sale sending private parcel, however limits the quantity goods and narrows the conditions dispatch. therefore, the case full delivery goods the current reality from farmer from one country another was considered. important note that the bank can act transaction verifier, and the services service providers (customs brokers, logistics companies) can paid from the funds deposited the contract. further, these organizations (theoretically, the presence legislation) can exchange these tokens into fiat currency the stock exchanges. this approach, important that possible send delivery essentially, automating other intermediate iterations, making this path simple terms routine and transparent. using supply-chain the platform allows not only automate the delivery process but also identify the history the product's origin: foodcoin ecosystem bread flour wheat elevator sell for food coins oil consumer this scheme assumes that wheat, flour and butter were produced farmers with the identification the product with the help blockchain system. thus, the consumer knows from what products this bread baked of, and (ideally) also the structure the price this bread. thus, indicated above, the platform allows farmers, consumers and other process participants interact transparently and the most automated manner. this allows you remove parasitic intermediaries and reduce costs, reducing the final price the product for the consumer and increasing the margin for the farmer optimizing the price structure. further, should discuss the introduction local regional farmers associations their local currencies and their place and the value created the foodcoin ecosystem. first all, the creation foodcoin and other currencies the platform aimed creating universal payment instrument the community. this payment instrument creates capitalization value (in fact, little new monetary base created), which allows reduce the deficit working capital. significant problem farms developing countries the high cost loans and the difficulty obtaining them. therefore, the future, logical issue local currencies for many communities around the world. foodcoin ecosystem food coin local coin local coin local coin local coin local coin local coin thus, monetary circulation the platform will supplemented with local currencies the future. all such local currencies will support the capitalization the main asset food. releasing their local currencies, farmers' communities will able resolve liquidity shortages. thus, have discussed the aspects monetary circulation (the deflationary model, the length circulation before entering the exchange, the model the supply chain, the creation local currencies). conclusion: the value the platform eliminate numerous intermediaries, optimize costs, build simple and transparent ways forming supply and payment chains. one the important cases the possibility creating their own currencies for local farmers' communities, which can help solve the problem high cost money and lack liquidity within one closed community set such communities. using all solutions (economic, social and technical) together, possible achieve completely new level the agricultural products disposal and farming activities the mechanisms adding value the system. value not taken anywhere, formed the community itself through active use the payment instruments and technologies. foodcoin ecosystem what wallok? wallok smart multi-level multi-currency wallet. you can create both unique wallet for your smartphone and synchronize with other devices (pc, tablet, smart watch, etc.) functional foodcoin ecosystem wallet will allow users to: oren multi-currency accounts and crypto-currencies issue invoices and pay bills use only one both wallet levels (vault air) make instant and free transactions (on vault level) have access exchange operations and conversion fiat and crypto-currencies use the integrated messenger vault the most secure level storage and flow funds that will held within the platform and among the wallok users. transactions that take place between wallok users the vault level, may have additional confirmation function. air the level for advanced blockchain users who make payments using the external wallets. wallok wallet will have implementation for using for business and personal tasks. foodcoin ecosystem what dipay? dipay -level cryptopayments processing service. part dipay processing, the following features will available: creating mobile multi-sig cryptowallets; safe cryptoassets storage; free and instant payments within the platform; the option issuing and receiving bills/invoices buying and selling cryptocurrencies online mode; recurring payments; binding bank accounts and cards; integration with third-party software (for restaurants, accounting, inventory control, etc.). dipay will extended version the wallet wallok with api for integrating with third-party services. for the implementation dipay, partner banks having blockchaintechnologies loyal jurisdiction will connected. dipay will have api connect third-party services and resources. foodcoin ecosystem what digid? digid (digital identity verification platform) remote user verification system built decentralized ethereum-based blockchain platform. full application blockchain technology the business environment would impossible without powerful and secure user identification tools. user identification will voluntary, but the same time, essential condition participate the platform its business implementation. how the user identified? the parties smart contract transaction can request oneway mutual verification the other party the transaction. for this purpose, parties transaction exchange digid username public keys (tokens). order get full digid, the user will have obtain confirmation its profile from third party platform user. the user identified only once and remains the system digital entry forever and can requested automatically during the verification request. foodcoin ecosystem digid digital indentity verification blockchain platform notary credit bureau pension fund confirmed user insurance company bank(s) confirmed user requester node identifier (identity requester) foodcoin ecosystem what smaco? smaco (smart contract) flexibly administered smart contract with the function multiple inputs and outputs. smaco will have integrated horizontal and vertical connections between the transaction parties. smart contract will managed one more administrators. hierarchy with rights will configured fce user who created the smart contract. all administrators horizontally integrated into the current smart contract will have the same rights and cannot removed restricted smart contract management rights after signing it. each administrator will able create vertically integrated private blockchain for personal service within the current smart contract. the administrators will not have access private blockchain another administrator. additional parties the transaction can invited the administrators their own initiative the basis consensus, and become either parties verifiers the current smart contract. open library standard smaco contracts with intuitive interface for connecting additional options will created. creating and maintaining smaco contracts will not require programming skills. working with smaco will usable for everyone. foodcoin ecosystem smaco control panel foodcoin ecosystem what prorid? prorid products and goods origin authentication system. actually, prorid will type ethereum-based smart contract. essential condition prove the origin the goods product the prorid system will consist signing smart contract one more experts (public, commercial private) with undisputed authority matters origin authentication the goods that are the subject agreement the framework the current smaco contract. smart contract includes prorid feature, the logistics company will obliged accept the goods only after confirmation from the experts the current smart contract based the consensus between the parties the contract. prorid integration with the electronic databases public fiscal, customs and supervisory authorities will significantly limit the circulation illegal, counterfeit and other illicit trafficking products and goods, thus making significant contribution the fight against economic crimes. foodcoin ecosystem ecofarms prorid product origin identity service (included digid (digital service) tax authority logistic company customs authority authentication experts insurance company fce user (buyer) fce wallet smart-contract (smaco) fce user (seller) fce wallet escrow payment (based partner service) dipay cryptopayment processing service cryptocurrency exchanges (based partner service) foodcoin ecosystem conclusion this document set out conceptual vision the fce ecosystem. this concept based the understanding that the dynamic changes the mentality consumers have equally dynamic and often dramatic impact numerous markets. all the elements sales chains are experiencing discomfort from changes (from small farmers large banks and insurance companies). creating and developing the ecofarms platform, can see how users' requests change. the consumers are longer willing restrict themselves the established frames which may now called obsolete. see the solution the use new technologies and their implementations. blockchain technology certainly promising and very early stage its development. strive create workable and comprehensive solutions for personal and corporate use. the decision issue our own cryptocurrency several steps should demonstrate the relevance this concept the one hand, and enable smooth out excessive volatility the other, case high demand. creating and developing the foodcoin ecosystem, comfortable and useful for many purposes, accelerate the beginning new era development the food production and consumption market. foodcoin ecosystem