from fantasy currency fantasy football: footballcoin, the blockchain based fantasy sports game -white paper- intro making crypto popular football our project set innovate the way use blockchain technology entertainment, creating bridge between the cryptosphere and the world fantasy sports. put simply: created footballcoin, football manager game platform using blockchain technology and issuing our own cryptocurrency (xfc). our mission bring the advantages blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies football manager and fantasy sports users. doing that, offer degree anonymity and complete ownership over the game assets, and from broader point view bring our contribution the mass adoption dlt (distributed ledger technologies) such blockchain. believe the future our gaming platform and its global adoption, our vision become major player fantasy sports with fans all over the world, while building strong and healthy game cryptoeconomy. context when you think about it, football and the crypto world seem universes apart. one probably the most popular and loved sports the world, the other topic growing popularity, but with only handful people knowing what means and how works. wanted replace the traditional data mining process with more fun and productive experience available people who are not yet part the cryptosphere. why gaming? the gaming market has proven stable growth for some time now, with consumer behavior shifting from purchasing boxed downloadable games online and mobile games. here are some relevant facts: was the biggest year for digital games and interactive media and the market shows signs slowing. one three people the planet bln) play free-to-play games across and mobile platforms. free-to-play games maintain their grip the worldwide games market, generating $bln, across mobile and markets. https://www.statista.com/outlook///online-games/worldwide# https://www.superdataresearch.com/market-data/market-brief-year-in-review/ players stay the game even after they put the controller down. whether it's watch gaming tournaments, tutorials trailers, mln people around the world tune sites like youtube for content about their favorite games. collectible card games are here stay and earned estimated billion across digital and physical. while physical still dominates the market, digital ccgs have been earned reportedly $.b digital players account for the ccg audience thanks digital ccgs' greater accessibility than their physical counterparts. football: the beautiful game football has reportedly bln fans worldwide, with the european football market reaching bln the "big five" european leagues (uk's premiere league, spain's liga, germany's bundesliga, france's ligue and italy's serie grew collective revenues eur. billion (%) it's sport great love, with loyal fans and great market sell almost anything from event tickets memorabilia. fantasy football and not gambling fantasy sports leagues are not games chance, they are games skill. they allow players exercise direct control over their operations their fantasy sports team. also provides the individual with chance live vicariously general managers, coaches their own team teams. managers must take into account statistics, facts and game theory order competitive. additionally, playing fantasy sports creates competitive environment and enables sharing knowledge and expertise social media platforms. fantasy sports players are motivated enter the hobby for reasons that usually have nothing with money prizes. the main enjoyment winning and competing against other sports fans. fact, frequent surveys fantasy sports players show that the top reasons for playing include "competing with friends," "enhance sports experience," and "to league with friends." during the fantasy football segment was the highest revenue contributing segment and expected lead the market the coming years. the wide reach and universal appeal soccer has made highly popular game across the world and will contribute this segment's growth the coming years. https://www.superdataresearch.com/market-data/digital-card-games/ https://www.deloitte.com/uk/en/pages/sports-business-group/articles/annual-review-of-football-finance.html https://fsta.org/research/why-fantasy-sports-is-not-gambling/ https://www.technavio.com/report/global-outdoor-gear-global-fantasy-sports-market-- the footballcoin game our game allows users exercise their football knowledge and managerial skills creating teams and entering competitions. users are awarded scores calculated according football player's real-life performance and can win prizes xfc coins. the xfc can used the game buy game assets (player cards, stadium cards), can used transactions the crypto market. all cards are collectibles and remain possession the buyer until decides sell them, lease them swap them for other cards. steps use the game login the footballcoin game designed easy play regardless experience with the game football. sign free and there are other subscription fees. sign the user must provide valid email address. select contest the footballcoin game hosts matchday, daily, and weekly contests across variety professional football leagues and tournaments (the european big and more). each contest will specify the exact parameters (e.g. "saturday only", "whole matchday") and date after which game entries may not added, edited canceled. the user can select the entry fee and prize choose free practice contest and can enter many contests likes. playing footballcoin contest with entry fee, required have the funds available his account prior submitting his entry. the footballcoin system aims offer many options which the game can played. this way players can learn develop their own strategies and become more efficient. the user has the option challenging friend joining existing, official private contest can choose amongst different football leagues (e.g. serie english premier league, liga etc) build the dream team build the fantasy team the user chooses professional players, from the different leagues listed the game. can choose any the football players, according the team's tactic previously set (e.g. the --- formation). the user will choose players for each field position. and then the reserve bench assistant manager; (goalkeeper); (defender); (midfielder); (forward). https://www.footballcoin.io/ the points earned the players will based their performances their real games. our innovative scoring system considers more than elements, including the players' positions. this system determines wide range positive and negative sources for points. positive events (such scoring goals, contributing assists, keeping clean sheet) will add points team. negative events (such receiving yellow/red cards, conceding goals, missing penalties) will turn into lost points for the players. marketplace the users can buy player cards stadium cards the marketplace. all cards are issued limited amount and are priced according supply-demand the market and real-life value the represented asset. the game's currency: xfc xfc (footballcoin) digital asset (token) acting in-game currency. xfc were issued limited supply billion counterparty platform bitcoin-blockchain based platform). limited number issue coin offers xfc important potential increase value, based the evolution the number participants the game. january launched our very own blockchain (multichain based), the details which will described the next chapters. also launched our exchange that supports xfc and new wallet that supports both xfc and game assets player cards and stadium cards. provided conversion xfccoin from counterparty the new blockchain. other words, anybody who owned xfc received xfc when the swap was implemented. the conversion kept the same ratio for the player cards regardless rank. stadium cards owners got keep their cards and received bonus amount xfc, the total amount xfc remained unchanged after the swap. the million xfccoin that were initially distributed will now become million xfc the new blockchain, according the swap. the circulating supply million xfc. the remaining million units were distributed according the initial plan: million will assigned further development the project, partners, team members, advertising, promotions etc. the other million xfc will the founders footballcoin. the swap benefit gave existing xfc owners higher stake the footballcoin economy. https://www.footballcoin.io/scoring-system/ https://digitaltokens.io/ https://www.xfccoin.io/download-wallet/ xfc freely transferable between players and outside the game. xfc can be: traded footballcoin's own exchange service "digital tokens", developed using multichain technology and powered anx international; used the game pay the entry fee the contests used purchase blockchain-based cards: football player cards and stadium cards; the footballcoin blockchain the footballcoin blockchain reference multichain implementation. however, the parameters and various settings have been customized suit the needs the footballcoin platform and connected services. hereby excerpt the multichain whitepaper, that applies directly indirectly the footballcoin implementation, well different annotations regarding how works. for more in-depth description how multichain works please refer the multichain whitepaper. introducing multichain multichain off-the-shelf platform for the creation and deployment private blockchains, either within between organizations. aims overcome key obstacle the deployment blockchain technology the institutional financial sector, providing the privacy and control required easy-to-use package. like the bitcoin core software from which derived, multichain supports windows, linux and mac servers and provides simple api and command-line interface. private blockchains multichain solves the related problems mining, privacy and openness via integrated management user permissions. the core aim threefold: (a) ensure that the blockchain's activity only visible chosen participants, (b) introduce controls over which transactions are permitted, and (c) enable mining take place securely without proof work and its associated costs. https://www.multichain.com/download/multichain-white-paper.pdf once blockchain private, problems relating scale are easily resolved, since the chain's participants can control the maximum block size. addition, closed system, the blockchain will only contain transactions which are interest those participants. understand permissions multichain, begin noting that all cryptocurrencies manage identity and security using public key cryptography: users randomly generate their own private keys and never reveal them other participants. each private key has mathematically related public address which represents identity for receiving funds. once sent public address, those funds can only spent using the corresponding private key sign new transaction. this sense, access private key equivalent ownership any funds which protects. beyond controlling access funds, this type cryptography enables any message signed user prove that they own the private key corresponding particular address. multichain uses this property restrict blockchain access list permitted users, expanding the handshaking process that occurs when two blockchain nodes connect, follows: each node presents its identity public address the permitted list. each node verifies that the others address its own version the permitted list. each node sends challenge message the other party. each node sends back signature the challenge message, proving their ownership the private key corresponding the public address they presented. either node not satisfied with the results, aborts the peer-to-peer connection. the principle connecting permissions public addresses can extended many other operations the network. for example, the right send and/or receive transactions can restricted given list addresses, since transactions reveal the addresses both senders and recipients. since transactions can have multiple senders and recipients, transaction only allowed all its senders and recipients are permitted. course, some cases may prefer the blockchain fully publicly viewable and only apply restrictions the ability transact. finally, adding signature field the coinbase transaction included miners blocks, mining multichain can similarly restricted. will detail the next section, this crucial preventing minority rule private blockchain. multichain, all privileges are granted and revoked using network transactions containing special metadata. the miner the first genesis block automatically receives all privileges, including administrator rights manage the privileges other users. this administrator grants privileges other users transactions whose outputs contain those users addresses together with metadata denoting the privileges conferred. when changing the administration and mining privileges other users, additional constraint introduced, which minimum proportion the existing administrators must vote make change. these votes are registered each administrator separate transaction, with the change applied once sufficient consensus reached. the first few blocks chain define setup phase, which single administrator able bypass this voting process. future versions multichain could also introduce super administrators who can assign and revoke privileges their own. since modifications privileges are embedded the metadata transactions, they propagate quickly all nodes the network, creating consensus regarding the current state play. however, because the network decentralized, different nodes may receive permissions transactions different times, either before after other transactions. the validity payment transaction depends privilege change that was broadcast shortly before, the difference could critical, with some nodes accepting the payment and others rejecting it. any such differences will resolved once the transactions are confirmed the blockchain, fixing their final ordering. every node follows the rule that transactions are replayed blockchain order, each transaction block must valid according the state user permissions immediately preceding it. transaction block disallowed according this rule, the entire block rendered invalid. the miner valid block must also the permitted list after applying all privilege changes defined within that block's transactions. one privilege that falls outside this system permission connect, since not related the blockchain's content. instead, this permission revoked for particular address, nodes immediately disconnect other nodes who used that address during handshaking. for increased administrative convenience, temporary privileges can granted restricting them fixed range block numbers. transactions which depend such privileges are only valid blocks whose numbers are the assigned range. for permissions changes that require consensus voting, only consider agreement reached sufficient administrators have chosen the exact same block range for particular user and privilege. this increases transparency for the network and relieves the administrative burden remembering revoke temporary privileges after their time has expired. for blockchain genuinely private, for every address granted permission that chain, least one administrator must know the real-world identity the entity using that address. however, most participants the chain need not know each other's identities. key feature blockchains allowing peer-to-peer exchange transactions, for example swap tokens representing two different types assets. addresses are kept anonymous, these exchanges can performed without either party knowing the identity its counterparty. one could imagine financial institutions transacting under many different addresses, with only regulators knowing which address belongs which. mining multichain restricting mining set identifiable entities, multichain resolves the dilemma posed private blockchains, which one participant can monopolize the mining process. the solution lies constraint the number blocks which may created the same miner within given window. multichain implements this scheme using parameter called mining diversity, which constrained mining diversity the validity block verified follows: apply all the permissions changes defined transactions the block order. count the number permitted miners who are defined after applying those changes. multiply miners mining diversity, rounding get spacing. the miner this block mined one the previous spacing- blocks, the block invalid. this enforces round-robin schedule, which the permitted miners must create blocks rotation order generate valid blockchain. the mining diversity parameter defines the strictness the scheme, i.e. the proportion permitted miners who would need collude order undermine the network. value ensures that every permitted miner included the rotation, whereas represents restriction all. general, higher values are safer, but value too close can cause the blockchain freeze some miners become inactive. suggest value reasonable compromise. conserve resources, nodes will not attempt mine chain which they already mined one the previous spacing-blocks. the footballcoin configured multichain blockchain the footballcoin blockchain configured that anyone can connect the blockchain and send receive the native currency, xfc coin, and assets. here are the key parameters the footballcoin blockchain: chain name: fbcchain. protocol version: total coin supply xfc: target block time: maximum block size: permission type: anyone can connect, send receive. consensus for creating/removing administrator nodes: ports for peer-to-peer communication and the json-rpc api: and the transaction verification done through footballcoin appointed mining nodes. maximum metadata per transaction (op_return): maximum standard transaction size: number decimals: the complete list parameters freely available connecting the footballcoin blockchain. connecting the footballcoin blockchain being reference multichain implementation, you can connect the blockchain using the standard multichain client and using any the available commands. connect the footballcoin blockchain you need run this command: multichaind fbcchain@wallet.xfccoin.io: why believe footballcoin believe have all the necessary ingredients for long run successful project: smart technology that helps with data encryption and safety, anonymity and enough versatility keep developing are not just another cryptocoin, have strong project that supports our currency growing industry gaming and beloved sport that has supporters all over the world dynamic sports market relate (new players appears every year, new competitions) endless possibilities keep improving the game platform and user experience pool initial enthusiastic supporters that played the game from the start great young and talented team programmers, developers, designers, social media specialists etc network professionals advise us. now checkout www.footballcoin.io and live the thrill the game. contact https://www.footballcoin.io/ https://www.xfccoin.io/ footballcoin project developed crowngem ltd. bvi incorporation no. registered office: palm grove house, box ,road town, tortola, british virgin island technical assistance: support@footballcoin.io general inquiries: office@footballcoin.io revision: june