brand new social media based blockchain technology whitepaper day, work four hours share every moment, and manage your life. with foresting august version copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. notice this material was prepared foresting pte. ltd. this document intended solely for your information you and subject change without notice. this information does not provide any clarification implied assurance warranty, and not warrant the accuracy, fairness completeness this information. the company, its affiliates, consultants, representatives shall not liable for any damages incurred the information contained herein. this content, any parts herein may not reproduced, distributed transmitted directly indirectly, any form purpose. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. foresting table contents chapter background chapter foresting network chapter foresting chapter foresting bank chapter pton ecosystem chapter foresting supernode supernet architecture chapter technical considerations chapter security protect the personal information chapter conclusion chapter pton issuance disclaimer references copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. intro "among the essential features this situation that one knows his place society, his class position social status, nor does any one know his fortune the distribution natural assets and abilities, his intelligence, strength, and the like." john rawls, theory justice copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. intro the beginning the century, national crises like the dot-com bubble, and the war afghanistan, lead the american government enforce low interest rate policy part strong economic stimulus package. while the main purpose this initiative was create corporate investments and private consumptions, caused tremendous household loans. led the termination the low interest rate policies, leaving financial institutions unable collect loans. major financial security companies the united states, such new century financials, went bankrupt. the scandal has caused worldwide credit crisis and hurt the real economy. one the most widely known examples the global financial crisis the collapse the investment bank 'lehman brothers' one the most interesting events the birth the post-revolution system and cryptocurrency, called 'bitcoin' which was first ideated satoshi nakamoto after the collapse lehman brothers. speculation has been rampant about who satoshi nakamoto is, since his identity remains completely veiled. the clear message trying convey his thesis, which consists about nine pages, the lack trust the banking system, especially toward the federal reserve bank (frb) which central publisher and trustful third party and manages all information and policies after going through the financial crisis suggested currency system that cannot fabricated and can perfectly transparent without requiring personal information with the purpose "substitution" for existing systems. his message raised social discourse the system that everyone decides the system participants transparently. his will has spread not only the banking system but also throughout media, culture and society. rather not determined the sharing and distribution information fairer society, centralized control and management, with the meaning 'decentralization'. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. intro satoshi nakamoto derives the definition distribution from the ancient days platon. particular, his discussion shows analogies john rawls' book theory justice" where the moral and political philosopher emphasizes the importance justice. rawls argues that fairness can only exist when the procedures distribution are fair. taking closer look how these comments relate the blockchain, john rawls uses the the term 'fair procedure' account for the 'veil ignorance' and assert that the information solves asymmetry. the blockchain chain blocks that are distributed through public trading principals, who can't modify the contents. more importantly, all the relevant records will disclosed. this process, asymmetry exists between the two parties during the transaction, making possible implement fair contract. the same true for distribution procedure. for instance, maintaining blockchain network requires voluntary participation from the miner (e.g. pow) who rewarded with donation cryptocurrency tokens return for their mining activities. this line with rawls claim for distribution capabilities based procedural definitions. solution for asymmetry information realization fair contract blockchain technology fair distribution token distribution based system contribution the foresting network, which will introduced this whitepaper, based the creation bitcoin and philosophy shared satoshi nakamoto and john rawls more fair society. accordingly, the foresting network solves the asymmetry the information that prevalent our society, pursues fair contracts, distributes them according their ability, and shares active contributions with one another. the first chapter this paper will about the social media field, which has transformed people's values and lifestyles since the release the iphone copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. define foresting network the foresting network consists the blockchain based social media 'foresting', digital banking services for foresting participants 'foresting bank' and 'foresting lab' support the foresting community and content creators. each the three departments separated into their respective functions and roles fulfill the core values the foresting network. 'foresting' 'foresting platform' blockchain based social media platform that deviates from the distribution system traditional social media platforms. provides fair value distribution system for users who are the true owners the platform. they deliver content through blockchain technologies and contribute platforms variety forms. 'foresting bank' digital bank for content creators and curators alike. the core the foresting network the platform users who will provided and supported these financial services create content. 'foresting lab' supports communities and marketing activities besides the platform activate the foresting network, especially the content creators who are the owners the foresting network. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. foresting whitepaper chapter background taking glance what was, what is, and what will chapter background foresting whitepaper world transformed social media "make the world more open and connected." mark zuckerberg february -year-old harvard student started facebook with slightly unusual goal. average billion people out approximately billion are accessing and interacting with facebook daily. from trivial daily live updates sensitive political issues, facebook users read and write three million articles minute. they share their thoughts and opinions posting pictures and videos and giving 'likes' million times minute. looking back the past decade social media that has been represented facebook, there has always been social media connecting the people the center our lives. has brought social changes, such political, cultural and economic, and its influence gradually expanding each area. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter background foresting whitepaper social media changes the election culture 'four more years!' was u.s. president barack obama's twitter post after his re-election november which came with happy picture him embracing his wife michelle. this tweet was instantly shared individuals. facebook received shares and million 'likes'. the tweet had only three words and one photo but was more effective than any multimillion dollar advertisement. the post won the hearts americans. fact, the obama campaign hired chris hughes, facebook co-founder since created dedicated site for the presidential election, mybo(my.barackobama.com) which binded supporters together and raised campaign funds. supporters, who formed the online version mybo, played crucial role creating the "obama movement" facebook and twitter. fact, the and presidential elections are considered the 'textbook social networking elections' and social media has played crucial role the activities politicians since. serves channel for horizontal social change social media has become the main tool the jasmine revolution called the "arab spring". unnamed tunisian young man's improper death became symbol the democratic revolution social networking sites around the world. the egyptian revolution the first group tens thousands people staged protest facebook. percent the young people that started the strike were also capable taking over wall street and europe through their facebook accounts. the reason why social media has changed this rapidly because the public free express their opinions. has served tool bring opinions the public for the countries where the press has been controlled dictatorial government the opinions the minority has not been voiced. social media has also served alternative medium for breaking the controlled and limited media environment and spreading hidden truths and suppressed opinions. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter background foresting whitepaper social media became the keyword that changed the world, the position the press grew votile. today can get faster news twitter than any major news network. even syria which known country where foreign media activity under full control and journalists are not allowed enter the country, the syrian protest news are being widely spread through twitter and youtube citizen journalists. the century, has become difficult for people leave social networking sites. apparently, social media has caused shift from vertical communication "horizontal opinion spreading" the society where was the main subject. centralized social media there are about billion active users social media, and the number keeps growing day day. social media has changed the world and sparked the start new digital economy. popular social media app services, such facebook, instagram, pinterest, snapchat, twitter, and linkedin have some common features that are drawing attention from many people. with the user experience and behavior mind, this type contents has been one the most successful concepts for social media and has promoted the growth mobile app services and smartphone use. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter background foresting whitepaper within the social media platform, user- generated content created billions dollars facebook, reaches and was naturally distributed among the facebook market capital platform's operators and their shareholders. they would not where they are today weren't for the actual interaction the users who contributed the platform's growth 'facebook, listed nasdaq' through engagements and shared contents. the companies that are running the platforms have basic goal bring more users onto the platform. traffic and content generated through user interaction are the most valuable first african-american assets platform-based services. the president elected company provides space where users can share their interests and interact with their friends for free. doing so, users will able offer their ideas, messages and ownership apple iphone launched content free charge the network owner (corporate). most users are not aware the rewards associated with this and think rewards are only for certain influencers. facebook established advertiser centralized platform users provided contents platform operator shareholders users data /profile the meantime, user data becoming commodity sold for advertising which major source revenue for the company. through the content and database that users contribute for free, the company acquires major revenue sources, making targeted advertising provider that encourages users' desire own and consume. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter background foresting whitepaper excessive reliance revenue personal information leakage and theft almost every form media that exists today centralized, and social media that emphasizes free lifestyle exception. rather, they are not free from security issues, such censorship, hacking, personal information leakage. the recent major disruption facebook's privacy has given strong picture this. revealed that about million personal information records were leaked from facebook and used for certain candidates during the last u.s. presidential election. making profit the goal every company, there reason why facebook's business model should criticized. however, users are complaining about the betrayal and withdrawing their trust because facebook's business philosophy does not match the way the company operates. particular, this evident that facebook has turned creative content made its users the horizontal network into revenue streams, creating large, centralized conglomerate. what especially unfortunate that most personal information can never recovered after was leaked. this can cause secondary damage and criminal acts such spam mail, identity theft, privacy breaches, and voice phishing. looking back this case, the biggest problem that most content platform providers use customer database earn advertising revenue. rather than the content itself generating the primary revenue, the platform acts intermediary for advertisers, and advertisers are eager collect the user database increase the efficiency and effectiveness targeted advertising advertisers and advertising agencies. facebook already known highly advertising-effective platform. this means that everything facebook used every company using facebook advertising. rather than pursuing profit-focused platform, foresting will create content-centered platform that generates direct content revenue. facebook says data leak hits million users, widening privacy scandal copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter background foresting whitepaper ii. advertisement abuse personal information leakage not the only problem with traditional social media that relies revenue. you rely solely revenue, also creates big problem for the quality content. most social media platforms see traffic value measure for content rewards expose advertising more users. however, this may encourage provocative, contentoriented postings attract collectors. foresting encourages better content creation and focused user voting rather than actual traffic-oriented content valuation. will create better content culture through evaluation. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter background foresting whitepaper value distribution unfairness value distribution: content providers participants open digital assets ex) world warcraft gold (game item) deposit the current checking account for digital assets copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter foresting bank foresting whitepaper iii. foresting bank credit assessment method addition promoting credit rating through social activities, foresting bank will introduce credit rating structure according its contribution assessment model, which only evaluates foresting platform contributions from foresting users. every foresting user contributes the growth the foresting platform variety ways, ranging from creating and sharing, well writing comments and viewing. since the foresting platform's blockchain technology offers the benefit complete transparency through highly integrated structure, all submissions and transactions appear the blockchain through timestamps. the foresting bank collects the data shown the foresting blockchain measure the degree connection, content creation, coin security, and the contribution foresting's growth. doing so, the users who have opened accounts through foresting bank can check their platform contributions any time, and can raise funds required create content. fact, foresting will transform this into credit rating assessment based the creation values for users rather than traditional credit rating assessment based the financial histories provided the traditional banks. users can improve their credit ratings just using social media, and can have amazing experience with greater economic potential. based this, foresting network will provide financial services that all users will able get access to, anytime, anywhere. evaluation platform contribution content creating foresting activity number visitors credit evaluation comments beat user share content sponsor pton credit credit rating [foresting bank credit rating method] particular, the financial services offered existing banks are based income, money transactions, and credit ratings. users will able fully focus creating content through foresting becoming 'influencers' which had been difficult before due economic difficulties such self-employment low income. this will lead better content creation, enhance the quality the content across the foresting platform, and ultimately lead virtuous circling structure that extends the rapid expansion and impact the foresting platform. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter foresting bank foresting whitepaper the financial innovation the innovation society. foresting believes that the core financial innovation not technology rather the attention society, but should focused problems faced society and the actions must take address them. with the role foresting bank for the foresting network, foresting bank's vision our society clear. foresting bank will contribute society through constant challenges and innovation enhance economic freedom and the value life for more people our society. citizens bangladesh had pay back the interest they borrowed from loan sharks with what they earned working all day. because that, the large part the population was unable get out poverty, and the economist muhammad yunus, who observed this, went bank bangladesh saying, why not lend money the poor?". the bank responded, "we can not lend them because they not have collateral." yunus established his own bank with the condition that only less than dollars could checked out and only the bottom percent, without collateral proof identity. was micro-processing credit loan bank that lent money low interest paid back over long period time. [muhammad yunus, nobel peace prize winner now one the largest banks bangladesh, having lended billion dhaka (approx. trillion won) across branches throughout the country. surprisingly, the annual repayment rate has been higher than percent average since its establishment. there bad credit rating one branch, other borrowers can also offer credit each other's loan limits. with the money borrowed, people can invest carts, sewing machines, calves, and other necessities for their economic activities. unexpectedly, the rate recovery has reached percent and citizens are now able get out poverty. for his work, muhammad yunus received the nobel peace prize financial innovation never about capital and technology alone. comes from the interest and love have society. foresting bank will work develop innovative financial services for small business owners, low-income workers, and vulnerable social groups, that more people can continue enjoy economic freedom and increase their value life. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. foresting whitepaper chapter pton ecosystem leading the coin ecosystem the next level chapter pton ecosystem foresting whitepaper value model the initial foresting system built the ethereum network. the project progresses, billion pton tokens are swapped with the mpton (tentative name) coins rate after the mainnet launch. foresting bank and pton credit, which credit evaluation standard based platform contributions that are connected with content creation and curation, will operate token economy. erc- foresting network mpton(tentative) pton token pton credit prior the foresting mainnet launch, the rewards for content delivery until beta testing and operation the super node are managed through the pton token payment assigned the reward pool token distribution. addition, foresting conducts projects faster, more efficiently and more fairly through the board program that encourages participation third parties. this regard, the value model covered this sector evaluation model for the foresting network mainnet launch, the factors for the development the pton value model follows. total number coin (a) annual return inflation (b) content reward (b) (c) supernode reward (b) (d) daily issued coin (b)/ (e) users (optimistic) (f) users (conservative) (f) users (pessimistic) (f) dau (f)) (g) like voting ((g)*) (h) daily issued coin for content reward ((c)/) (i) like (x)coin (i)/(h) (j) daily posted contents (g) (k) like per content ((h)/(k)) (l) daily content reward per content (j)(l) (m) copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter pton ecosystem foresting whitepaper factor (a) the table above mpton (tentative name), which exchanged ratio with billion existing pton tokens while launching the mainnet. afterwards, about coins are issued each year. result, (c) annual return (b) paid the content creator and the voting participant, and (d) paid the foresting network. (a) number issued coins the beginning ,,, (b) annual return inflation rate approximately (c) (d) (c) content rewards (d) supernode rewards many blockchain projects are currently underway with pos methods. most projects, annual return set between and addition, the total amount coin flow gradually increases over time. but the amount tokens issued regular basis would similar equal each time period, the compensation paid the supernode operator gradually reduced. however, maintain the annual return rate, the foresting network will increase the absolute publication amount the same rate. for this reason, year after the mainnet launch, the total volume pton will increase however, years the total pton value would not increase but from the initial point entry. after year ,,, after years x(.)^ ,,, furthermore, although the compensation paid the supernode the limited supernode(- confirmed further testing) will possess the total pton revenue per annum. this allows earn higher rewards compared other pos projects. [units million] [units (b) (c) (d) beginning total number coin copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. annual return chapter pton ecosystem foresting whitepaper the following table shows the key indicators five-year estimation regarding content creator compensation and platform expansion. optimistic user dau like daily issued coin for user dau like daily issued coin for user dau like daily issued coin for content reward daily content reward per content conservati content reward daily content reward per content pessimisti content reward daily content reward per content for the number users (f), there are three expected indicators were entered optimistic, conservative, and pessimistic. first all, for optimistic forecasting, apply facebook's user growth indicator from since has been the most popular social network since iphone was introduced the public impact traditional social media cannot directly compared with that blockchain-based social network services since the former have been growing proportionally with smartphones. therefore, the market size foresting has been reduced one-tenth. addition, conservative (f) and pessimistic (f) user totals, will discounted and respectively from optimistic (f) user totals. result, subindex such dau(g) based user counts are all changed for optimistic, conservative, and pessimistic according their circumstances. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter pton ecosystem foresting whitepaper particular, there are coins (f) that will compensated per package this structure reduces the number coins that can paid over time. however, this section should considered conjunction with the increase the value pton coins which are not included the factor above. for most content platforms, the value the platform increases multiple activity indicators, such the mau, dau, and arpu increase. despite the decrease compensated coins per transaction, the value compensated can increase the platform expands rapidly. based the factors above, since the number daily votes limited (h) times (g). assuming the fact that all visitors participate only the voting, dau satisfactory making the total number users. will also continue disclose the weight the content voting power, depending the pton credit holdings, during the alpha and beta tests. pton usage pton coin used foresting. pton's market value determines the value the reward pool for the participants that contribute foresting. unlike traditional mining methods, pton created the contribution participants foresting. pton guarantees that people who contribute foresting benefit from the app. pton [phytoncide] word referring all the sterile substances that plants the forest produce." people enjoy mountain bathing because phytoncide. phytoncide natural antimicrobial substance that synthesized phyton (plant), which means "plant", and cide, which means "sterilizing power". phytoncide sprayed trees protect themselves from pests and germs. relieves stress and strengthens cardiopulmonary function. has effect sterilizing action and suppresses the growth house dust causing atopy. phytoncide gives you pleasant feeling cleansing the air and you can get the effect taking mountain bath the forest. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter pton ecosystem foresting whitepaper pton economy there are many examples the idea decentralized digital money before the fame bitcoin, but digicash (), cybercach (), e-gold are few examples. but bitcoin the first subject have power, and the same time create system that all participants can trust. bitcoin different from the previous technology because the system has incorporated, not only computer engineering and cryptographic factors, but also economic factors that drive participants' behavior. until then, whatever technology was applied the system, eventually someone had maintain rules and order within the network with responsibility and authority. however, bitcoin has created 'incentive structure' replace these rules and orders with protocols and the same time follow protocol rules. bitcoin networks must wellstructured allow participants benefit. large number people around the world are devising new services that use blockchain, such bitcoins, which have equipped with internal services and economic system tailored their needs. the pton economy, you can easily design economic system that runs top any dapp you create. what criteria will rewards (tokens) given, and whom? how will the tokens valued? what are the incentives for people hold tokens? how will the growth the network and the increase the value tokens work? how will the price change tokens resolved? the token economy for foresting will have the infrastructure the economic structure already built and will designed and implemented conjunction with the growth foresting. designed according the nature foresters, and possible design economy suitable for all content creators and curators. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter pton ecosystem foresting whitepaper truffle framework the development framework for issuing tokens uses the truffle framework, and the open zeppelin contract library, which conforms standard interfaces such erc, available and can automatically handle series processes for developing smart contracts from test deployment. samplecrowdsale cappedcrowdsale refundablecrowdsale mintedcrowdsale individuallycappedcrowdsale tieredcrowdsale finalizablecrowdsale finalizablecrowdsale safemath crowdsale ownable lib crowdsale deploy ownable mintabletoken basictoken erc standardtoken the following sections will implemented within the open zeppelin erc smart contract library and truffle framework that have already been proven accordance with token design patterns that conform pton economy. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter pton ecosystem foresting whitepaper voting system social media services, service users try express their opinions about particular issue the decision-making process. the network can give users the right vote and collect opinions efficiently. the forrester voting system combines voting rights and tokens into pattern for collecting opinions. voting token, the voting rights can either the token itself number the network. foresting gives pton credit number the network that proportional the pton token. the decision target through pton credit reflects the opinions the users the network from the symbol marking all content, such community posts. for the results reflect the opinions the network, important limit the malicious behavior and engage many users voting. order encourage users participate the vote, addition participating the decision-making process, the compensation reward proportional the pton credit distributed. also connects directly and indirectly with pton credit and pton, which also linked the increase the value tokens the network. the following paragraphs will describe the important elements pton credit. pton credit acquisition path and decision making upbeat foresting social media service that uses blockchain and allows user who write articles and create content like other users' posts. users who receive likes are rewarded with tokens the network, and viewers who vote will receive curation rewards. there are two ways stack pton credit foresting. the first 'activity,' which receives both pton credit and pton reward for uploading content the network voting other posts. linking activity the network with pton credit, strengthens the character the community which users are required participate. you want get additional pton credit, you can deposit pton the service and accumulate pton credit. constraints malicious behavior -downbeat foresting social media services are less critical. however, this decision can exploited because directly related monetary rewards. for example, for the sake monetary gain, there risk that you will indiscreetly voting posting indiscriminate articles that are subject compensation. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter pton ecosystem foresting whitepaper ... limitation activity activities posting such posting, commenting, and voting are all recorded the blockchain. the malicious user posts too much, goes beyond the limits the activity that the blockchain can accommodate, the service may become paralyzed. prevent this, limit the number posts that individual can act on, which the nature pton credit ... introduction downbeat foresting, pton credit allows you downbeat inappropriate articles (plagiarism, fraudulent posts, spam, sexually explicit images, abominable videos, racist content, etc.), well upbeat, which rewards valuable content. downbeat gives users have negative rating their posts (reduction the number upbeats, reduction compensation, etc.) that users can self-operate the network. ... introduction credit foresting users can earn pton credit. this credit increases the number upbeats received from other users. conversely, when you receive downbeat, that number decreases. this number affects the exposure priority the content and serves important tool for users make for previous downbeats. additional benefits pton credit can secured depositing the pton used the foresting service the network. the pton used the network and the pton credit are connected indirectly, and the demand pton credit can lead the demand pton. ... interests the higher the pton credit period foresight, the higher the interest rate. pton will distribute interest according credit holdings. ... curation compensation curation compensation reward given one person who voting. one the factors that determine the size this compensation the voter's pton credit. voter with high pton credit will receive more curation compensation. commit-reveal voting the first difficulty encounter that the blockchain have notion "an individual". the blockchain does not know about individual people. only knows about individual addresses. impractical call for one-address-one-vote: alone may generate thousands blockchain addresses and send messages signed each them turn. this indistinguishable from thousands people sending one message each. this known 'sybil attack'. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter pton ecosystem foresting whitepaper therefore, order mitigate sybil attacks, must have either closed assembly which actively manages its membership, voting method that does not count addresses. consider uport identity membership. another undesirable feature the voting presented far not technical, but social. during the voting period, running tallies are public. voting mechanisms are generally intended harness the 'wisdom crowds'. effectively, there are three main conditions which must met: diversity opinion: each person should have private information even it's just eccentric interpretation the known facts. independence: people's opinions aren't determined the opinions those around them. decentralization: people are able specialize and draw local knowledge. where these conditions are not met, many cognitive biases negatively impact its efficacy, and lead undesirable consequences such bandwagoning and groupthink. (see also: here, here, and here.) important therefore that successful voting mechanism should defend these conditions hiding the outcome the vote, until the vote has concluded. commit reveal step put your ballot sealed envelope. during the voting period masked votes are submitted. instead submitting vote directly, voters generate signed voting transaction and only submit its hash. this the 'commit' phase. the vote has been submitted the blockchain, but the vote private and sealed this "hash-lock". step unseal your own envelope and count your own vote. after the polls close, voters send second transaction: the 'reveal'. the voter submits the original signed vote which they had previously committed. the vote only accepted valid its hash matches the commit. valid reveal transaction adds its vote the total tally. this procedure obviates bandwagoning and allows votes tallied without hitting the gas limit. the downside every voter must submit two transactions for every vote. (note also this not secret ballot after the reveal step everyone's votes are public knowledge.) partial-lock voting detail when user submits hash-locked vote, the time the vote closes recorded. the account locked from that time onward and all transfers withheld until the user submits the reveal transaction have their vote counted and their account unlocked. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter pton ecosystem foresting whitepaper submitting new vote: order submit vote, the user must submit voting transaction consisting the following data: vote id: what are voting secret: the commitment position the list where inserted the contract can check the data supplied correct (i.e. the list remains sorted after the insertion) comparing the corresponding previous and next timestamps. either new timestamp added the list, already existed, the vote added the corresponding list secrets. revealing vote: reveal vote, user must submit reveal transaction consisting of: the vote id: what vote are revealing the vote itself the one whose hash the commit. from the vote id, the contract determines the closing time the vote and calls the corresponding entry the list and retrieves the committed secret. compares the hash the submitted vote the committed secret. they match, updates the vote tally and deletes the secret. there are more secrets this timestamp, removes the timestamp's entry from the list entirely, modifying the neighbouring next/previous links accordingly. pton credit pton credits represent credit rating that based the user's credit rating for the use the financial services the foresting bank, while the same time the function the token proportional the 'smart contract' and indicates the level influence. details this are described sections and commercial revenue share nearly all forms media that exist today are centralized, and social media that emphasizes free lifestyle are exception. rather, true that not free from various security issues such censorship and hacking surveillance institutions, leaks personal information. recently, facebook's personal information leak, which caused massive worldwide impact, has confirmed this reality. turned out that about million sources personal information were leaked facebook and used for the last presidential election campaigns. there reason for facebook's business model criticized, profits have already been the goal every company. however, users are complaining about betrayal and withdrawing trust because the business philosophy facebook inconsistent with the business operation method. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter pton ecosystem foresting whitepaper particular, this incident result the fact that facebook has created centralized giant transforming creative content created users connected through horizontal networks into revenue. once personal information leaked, impossible recover the original information, and can lead secondary fraud such spam, impersonation, privacy violation, (voice) phishing and other commonly known scams. the biggest problem that most content platform operators use customer databases earn advertising revenue. the content itself does not generate primary revenue, but the platform serves intermediary for advertisers, and users are focused collecting user databases improve the efficiency and effectiveness targeting and retargeting for advertisers and agencies. facebook already known highly effective. this means that our daily activity facebook will used companies that use facebook. instead focusing these advertising revenue-driven platforms, foresting will create content-centric platform that generates revenue directly from content. this not problem with existing social media, where only personal information dependent advertising revenue. relying solely revenue big problem for the quality your content. most social media platforms judge traffic measure the value content rewards order reach more users. however, this can encourage content-based posting that stimulating attract recruiters. foresting encourages better content creation and will create better content culture with valuation based value rather than actual traffic-based content valuation. problems with curation services the existing curation service that gives specific result certain company organization such the top songs the charts, the real-time keyword ranking, the restaurant list, etc. the consumers gives the consumer lot information. this curation service reliable, curation service providers pay for our exploration costs? music charts music site are not subject judgment, but are determined objective numbers such sales volume the songs and the number streaming plays. therefore, the ranking the music chart determined fairly objective numbers. however, since this objective data recorded the central server the music site, can operated any time, even there operation, impossible confirm that the data actually reflected the ranking. this situation, the effect curation directly affects revenue growth, the chances curation being exploited are greater. fact, when you look the nilo case, where the suspicion manipulating the music charts has been raised, the curation service not giving credit. nilo suspicious incident sound stack http://www.ytn.co.kr/_sn/_ copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter pton ecosystem foresting whitepaper ... the emergence curation tokens decentralized curation token that appear solve problems existing curation service. curation tokens provide curation services through multitude collective intelligence rather than decimals. many participants will compensated they have curated quality content through curation token. these rewards lead voluntary participation usrers. addition, the participation large number users results curation, the likelihood negative intervention even lower. currently, the decentralization curation service token curation registry (tcr) model. the tcr way vote specific target include the list. token curation registry (tcr): method create list that suitable for specific purpose and apply those who want enter the list. addition the tcr method, there also way implement model that provides curation ranking scoring method, but since the voting method complicated, only the tcr method used. curation token details foresting solves the problems the existing digital advertising market through tcr. the biggest problem the digital advertising market today the few platforms such google, facebook and youtube monopolizing the market.. because platform companies are responsible for most the advertising brokers, advertisers are inevitably making contracting with platform companies. however, advertisers are unable determine which websites (or pages) are showing their ads and cannot determine impressions are being manipulated bots, actual users. cannot trust the advertising effectiveness because this. solve these problems, tcr provides list high quality content pages that are not manipulated bots and have high advertising effectiveness, advertisers can publish their ads more effectively. foresting decided that would more effective test the functions the tcr independently and ultimately add the pton credit ... tcr stakeholders customers: people who use list information and advertisers for the content foresting's social media platform candidates: those who want enter the list, and each content publishing page (for public announcement) challengers: anyone who pton holder can apply for challenge. pton holders: people who hold the pton the corresponding tcr, and can vote pton credit. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter pton ecosystem content creator foresting whitepaper .apply&deposit .challenge period&deposit pton pton apply challenge safety vendor .voting mechanism registry content name status content- content- content- foresting address vote number votes (based pton) xaed bbe... xeafddb fade ... the tcr list collection quality content, and the applicant deposits pton deposit first add their content this list. after the application, challenge period held for certain period time and pton holders review whether include the content the list. this time, certain pton holder thinks there problem, they can bet the same amount the applicant's deposit challenger and conduct challenge vote. all pton holders are allowed vote, and the amount stake will determine the pton credit rewarded. pton distribution following challenger victory, pton deposit, special dispensation content creator pton apply challenge pton safety vendor pton minority voter pton majority voter pton distributed pton weight the vote results successful challenge, pton holders who voted against entry will take half the applicant's deposit stake percentage. the inspectors will also receive half the applicant's deposit and get their bet back. the other hand, the challenge fails, half the wagered amount will distributed the pton holders who voted for the prospective entry, and half will returned the applicant. this way, foresting can include list high-quality content the list and make this content and the curation results available everyone the network. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter pton ecosystem foresting whitepaper ... how the growth foresting and the value pton are linked curation token, the growth the network raises the value the list. foresting, the more popular the list becomes, the more people enter the list, and its reputation and authority grows. the value the list increases, new applicants will have purchase pton enter the list, the demand will increase and the price will up. content creators can continue enter the list long its authority does not decline, can provide advertisers with the publicity effect the content. voting systems, which already consist pton and pton credit, are tcr functions, but addition this there need segment the decentralized curation services how sort the list various contents. voting protocols necessary use voting protocol such commit-reveal voting, and add partial lock the third step. first, should implemented separate tcr smart contract and included pton economy after the test verified. consensus algorithm various consensus algorithms after the invention bitcoin the blockchain's proof work (pow) consensus algorithm was introduced the world for the first time, and variety algorithms have been developed since. pow, which uses hash power nodes, being widely being used. recently, consensus algorithms, such pos, dpow, dpos and others have been developed. ii. pow(proof work) pow consensus algorithm used bitcoin. being the simplest algorithm, finds header hash result sha using nonce value the current block and difficulty the previous block. this method prevents malicious blocks from withholding attacks because requires lot computing power generate header hash the results specified previous blocks. the advantage that pow ensures that the blockchain protected clearly when the difficulty high with sufficient hash rate blockchain nodes. the downside that costs lot maintain stable blockchain. newly-generated blockchains that not have sufficient computing power are exposed external pass-the-hash attacks. with the advent better sell and buy hash rate process with digital nomads, who generate high hash rates around the world, attacks low hash rate blockchains have become easier. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter pton ecosystem foresting whitepaper iii. pos(proof stake) pos consensus algorithm used dash. created reduce the waste equipment and electricity caused the high hash rate pow. this cryptocurrency ownership method used maintain the blockchain stability cryptocurrency proof process. the proof process assures reward the real owner cryptocurrency screening fake blocks. pos has advantage managing the blockchain with lower equipment and maintenance fees. the disadvantage that the compensation rate cryptocurrency used for staking public blockchains high, which increased inflation. result, the ownership percentage specific cryptocurrency holder increases. iv. dpow(delayed proof work) dpow consensus algorithm used komodo. since easy attack newly-generated blockchains with common pow consensus algorithm, dpow used prevent attacks inserting the hash results bitcoins into the algorithm. blocks are generated pow single group which monitored nodes. the block then inserted the bitcoin block header demonstrate the stability the previous results. this case, pass-the-hash attack higher than the bitcoin itself. therefore, only the last blocks that belong the group can damaged with pass-the-hash attack without affecting the other blockchains. thus, stability for the entire blockchain can established applying algorithm the previous block. dpos(delegated proof stake) dpos used the eos operating system. solves problems traditional pow pos. traditional pow has disadvantage consuming too much resources and not being able prevent attacks new blockchains. pos was originally designed work this issue. but the downside pos that block generators are spread around the world which means that the throughput rate per second decreases. resolve this, dpos allows only verified nodes, not any miner, create new block. then the verified nodes are grouped into faster cloud network. consequently, the throughput rate rises up. however, hackers can easily attack the nodes rather than attacking the blockchain itself the number nodes small and the targets are clear. disadvantage dpos miners will dominate higher number tokens over time. vi. foresting's consensus algorithm foresting developing mainnet with the advantages multiple algorithms minimize the weaknesses the algorithms specified above and highlight foresting's advantage. order provide the foresting service and platform, foresting improving the performance the pos consensus algorithm which advantageous for mainnet management and development. meanwhile, the algorithm foresting minimizes the discarded blocks that appear while creating blocks via stake. also boosts the synchronization speed and throughput rate among nodes. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter pton ecosystem foresting whitepaper the throughput per second will increased minimizing the generated blocks delayed nodes and the rate can maximized processing the stored data the mempool txpool separately, that has not yet been the block. addition the traditional dpos, the new system develops algorithms that can easily delegate unverified nodes even mobile devices fairly distribute tokens among the miners. this helps lessen the concentrated token retention small number people and creates wider user population. foresting decided use the dpos pbft scheme used the consensus algorithm generate high-speed blocks and large-capacity transactions attempted eos, cosmos, zen, orbs protocol, etc. following this verifies and updates the supernet protocol through the testnet. blockchains that act proof work, such bitcoins, define agreements according the "longest chain" rule. you use this rule, you can not verify that none the blocks have reached the irreversible state. any point, anyone can create longer chains based old blocks, and nodes can also switch. from this point view, can conclude that bitcoin provides only high probability irreversibility based the economic cost trying change the fork. when delegated equity certificate introduced, stakeholders elect block producer. block producers are pseudo-randomly intermixed and assigned absolute time slots that may may not produce blocks. the blockchain that most producers will write will much longer terms length than blockchain with few producers. assuming that there are two chains lengthening different speeds, the faster chain will eventually become the longest chain. therefore, the original delegated equity-denomination algorithm provided bitcoin-like guarantee. other words, blocks are added chain, there less chance another chain being able flip one block. the essence the dpos scheduling algorithm convey lot information the observers watching. for example, based the frequency missed blocks, you can detect the possibility that the chain which the observer belongs becomes decimal chain. with producers, node can detect exactly when has just missed two consecutive blocks (one second) that may part the source fork. this notifies the user when the network unreliable and allows the user wait little longer for the confirmation complete. likewise, all the producers have not missed block the blocks that accept the transaction, you can sure that the generated block will not returned. when introducing the last-irreversible-block concept into the dpos algorithm, the dynamical block the most recently created block produced the producer plus two-thirds the number block producers. producer approves chain that approves one block plus the total producers plus one, then other forks are possible. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter pton ecosystem foresting whitepaper however, given hypothetical scenario which network two chains occurs, usually one both chains will able communicate until either network reconnected the number producers plus the number producers end irreversible aborts the task confirming the block the next block. once this done, all the work goes smoothly, and when the connection normalized, all the nodes will converge into one real chain. there is, however, race condition which two sub-sets switch forks the same time, with both forks reaching the same number votes two three more producers different block. this happens, the nodes either side the fork will not able synchronize both nodes, since both endirreversible blocks will not back the set point. now they must adjusted manually. this situation, one both forks will stop acting the other side the fork determine the irreversible point, depending the number producers plus one. decimal chains may written half speed, but nodes waiting for irreversible status will longer recognize that any transaction accepted the decimal chain final state. this type failure may result single block reversing, and some services may harmed. the probability this happening much lower than the probability that one the six approved bitcoin blocks reversed the key idea dpos that each block created vote for every previous block. with this model, more than two-thirds the producers have created blocks based particular block, then that block has more than two-thirds votes. this situation sounds fair theory, except that non-byzantine block producers are likely create blocks different forks different points time. non-byzantine block producers produce blocks different forks, you end with situation which one indirectly contradicts the same block numbers that appear each forked chain. let's consider network which block producers and participate. suppose that two block producers have lost communication for short period time because network problem, and block producer creates block time and block producer creates block time suppose now that block producer broke tie generating block time following block which was produced block producer time this happens and producer finds the presence block producer producer will switch over the longer fork. when producer about generate block, producer will indirectly approve block producer which conflicts with block that previously created. block produced producer never reaches direct irreversible state. because producer must vote from producers and order reach the irreversible state, and producer votes the alternative block instead, when producer creates block and producer creates block block becomes irreversible. thus, block gets votes needed reach when block produced producer reaches the irreversible state, block created producer also regarded irreversible. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter pton ecosystem foresting whitepaper implement this algorithm, each block producer inserts the highest block number (h) previously approved any fork into the block header. when block applied, one can only vote for irreversibility for blocks the range n]. any producer who signs block the overlapping range will considered byzantine and will generate credential that reveals the problem. with this information, can said that least one third the block producers have signed conflicting range blocks order get votes for two different blocks with the same block height any block height. one can generate simple evidence that they prove right. this situation has resulted honest network partition where two groups good producers each size are creating two different blocks and bad group signs both. create two different blocks that are considered irreversible network environment that actually well connected, there should many malicious producers. under these rules, there are now two cases when producer signs byzantine manifestation. signing directly indirectly two blocks with the same block number signing two blocks created the same block time. honest nodes running basic software will never this. therefore easy punish all the bad parties until the unsuccessful attempt. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. foresting whitepaper chapter foresting supernode supernet architecture chapter foresting supernode supernet architecture foresting whitepaper nodes node: any computer server connected blockchain. supernode: central point node blockchain system for data transfer and decentralize. normally, supernodes communication using high-speed broadband networks. with highperformance cpu and storage, they can process large quantity data high speed. supernodes foresting, will also generate blocks. the supernodes will have load tests the foresting test network for verification and will become certified supernode after this. for faster block generation and transfer the number supernodes will managed identity number.(ea~ea) this system will reward those who maintain the nodes that use the dpos system. so, supernode delegated its own supernode and foresting may exist. depending their share, proportion with coin age. fullnode: node that receives, validates, stores, and transfers the blockchains generated the supernodes and creates database for various services. many cases, provide services mobile apps path, permission will denied from the main network. lightnode: node that not stored blockchain. lightweight node for mobile that can send transactions the block-chain network maintaining only the part depth the chain and the blockchain, and can inquire the blockchain ledger communicating with fullnode. creation supernode there are three category networks. centralized has centralized server static centralization high search fee more nodes increase its complexity pure centralized server all decentralized high search fee more nodes increase its complexity copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter foresting supernode supernet architecture foresting whitepaper bitcoin and ethereum centralized network model. the ethereum operation follows. run ethereum program (daemon) daemon will connect the central server operated ethereum foundation. download attempt information about another node (a,b,c) from the central server handshake with daemon this fails, attempt handshake with the handshake succeeds, download information about the counterpart node daemon genesis block type and version exchange. block hash change. height exchange. the information matches, start sync start the transfer blocks using the follow process. using this random method with long physical distance between the nodes, low network speed and slow block generation speed between the nodes, the block generation rate and the block transfer speed the whole network will affected, and the transaction processing speed per second (tps) will slow down. cryptography using the super node the hybrid network gradually increasing order solve the bitcoin ethereum slow block generation rate. the case eos, trying solve the speed capacity problem the blockchain intensive operation nodes through development history such nxt waves, bitshares steemit eos, cosmos. this blockchain, the supernode has high-speed processing highvolume transactions and block generation performance, and small number special special nodes. foresting has hybrid network structure handle transaction processing high speed and plans build intensive supernode. supernet with the advent the supernode, the blockchain network separated into two layers. for the purpose high-capacity transaction processing and high-speed block generation, supernet required connect supernodes. the supernet must have protocol and physical layer carry out secrecy and authentication. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter foresting supernode supernet architecture foresting whitepaper supernode block workflow supernode blockchain/mirror fullnode block-get block-source upstream blocks bget bh_make where most the manual work done block source package bbuild (build and test with blockchain) bpkg-buildblocks one several block packages sync bsync upload (bput) liahtnode supernode block generating process controller interface s-node controller interface s-node controller interface supernode dimension estimation tps tps aws m.xlarge aws m.xlarge cpu: intel xeon platinum .ghz* core mem: disk: ebs ssd( iops fix) cpu: intel xeon platinum .ghz* core mem: disk: ebs ssd( iops fix) *interval(ms) count per interval *x: generate transaction per *x: generate transaction per [ref] https://steemit.com/kr/@eoseoul/bmt-eosio-tps--by-eoseoul-jit copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter foresting supernode supernet architecture foresting whitepaper supernode testnode for tech-roadmap- tech-roadmap stage tech-roadmap stage tech-roadmap stage aws m.xlarge aws m.xlarge aws m.xlarge cpu: vcpu cores mem: disk: ssd network: gbps monthly bill: usd type: cloud(aws) cpu: vcpu cores mem: disk: ssd tb*ea(nvme)+ebs network: gbps monthly bill: usd type: cloud(aws) cpu: vcpu cores mem: disk: ssd tb*ea(nvme)+ebs (provisioned ios network: gbps monthly bill: usd type: cloud(aws) [ref] http://koreos.io/ hrec supernode you create block generation using specific manufacturer's asic gpu miner, its important feature can affected the manufacturer's state. the first phase the techroadmap uses amazon vps, which can result situation where cloud service not available. due the reason mentioned above, designing and building supernodes participate supernet should provided opensource. like step the tech roadmap, using aws will against decentralization. foresting will lead current pow miners participate supernet and the mining factory environment. guides should provided operate the aws reliable supernode. *hrec=high-performance reconfigurable computing nand flash, power circuit reset circuit arm soc, hbm, ddr sdram supernode hrec for tech-roadmap hrech (highperformance reconfigurable computing) fault-tolerant computing rsa reliable bootstrap, ecc, fpga scrubbing, internal watchdog, addm, middleware, redundancy copyright *cots=commercial off the shelf harshhard=resistant harsh environment ftc=fault-tolerant computing addm=adaptive dependable distributed middleware foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter foresting supernode supernet architecture foresting whitepaper supernode platform decentralization anyone can develop automated protocol and election mechanism become supernode, and qualified certificate) nodes are given the opportunity participate competitions through supernet. the supernode certificate, can acquired and used only when the specification defined testnet and the specifications for the block generation processing capability and interoperatability are satisfied. supernode platform customization recommendation xilinx zynq ultrascale+ mpsoc zcu intel, hbm memory integrated stratix fpga copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. foresting whitepaper chapter technical considerations solving technical difficulties for future aspects technical architecture foresting consists five main layers. the bottom layer consists the blockchain toolkit for providing basic blockchain services such block formats, algorithms, networks, databases, users, and permission management services. the blockchain toolkit enables fast, efficient multitransaction processing, allowing users expect high availability and low latency. chapter technical considerations foresting core the layer responsible for key business logic implementations, account rights management, reward distribution algorithms, community platforms, and advertising systems. the universal application programming interface (uapi) provides third-party developers with apis for content creation, evaluation, and user management that they can create their own layers development any platform with development capabilities. software development kit (sdk), plug-ins, sample applications, and development documents support developers and users that desire build their own content platform. particular, users can integrate the foresting network directly onto forums, blogs, and cms using set plug-in devices. the content platform that based the foresting network the top. all types content formats, such text, images, audio, video, and live broadcasting, can provided with content-oriented incentive platform supported the foresting network. content platform sdks/plug-ins sample applications documentation universal application programming interface foresting core blockchain toolkit copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter technical considerations foresting whitepaper the first version foresting will launched the ethereum network, which the largest blockchain platform. ethereum facilitates the development decentralized app (dapp) driven blockchain using its own ethereum virtual machine (evm). dapps are mobileresponsive and fully compatible with existing major blockchain ecosystems. ethereum combines modified bitcoin infrastructure with the ethereum virtual machine provide ecosystem that can leverage smart contracts and private contracts over transparent blockchain. the second version foresting will have its own mainnet using evm. using its own mainnet and evm, alternative social media, will build our own blockchain ecosystem that complies with evm and solidity standards. poc poc olympic ethereum ico frontier deacon ,,. splous dragon dao attack metropolis transaction smart contract pow byzantium megara homestead homestead doc eip- main homestead hardfork changes eip- hardfork evm update: delegatecall eip- devpp forward compatibility constantinople etc block dao fork serenity eip gas cost modification ffg cbc consensus: casper foresting blockchain-based social media foresting chooses casper, one several projects the ethereum foundation, launch the first large-scale social media service based blockchain (for .billion users). instead energy-consuming pow, casper adopts pos consensus algorithm, which optimized blockchain for social media services and crypto games. through the connection with expansion solutions such plasma, sharding and state channel, the scalability problems are solved using the loom network, including mainchain and sidechain which uses dpos. foresting uses authentication methods mobile communication environment based subscribe protect users' information. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter technical considerations foresting whitepaper ecosystem create dapp decentralized applications (dapps) are executable programs that are written blockchain. they are programs that are executed automatically when certain conditions are met, while conditional statement recorded the blockchain. for example, possible for blockchain meet the following requests: "send token address. will give what have the person who sent the most tokens o'clock today. those who send less tokens will automatically refunded." putting conditional statement like this the blockchain automatically selects the senders who sent most tokens and the other senders will fully refunded. application which works using this pattern dapp. called decentralized application, shortly dapp, because puts the statements that anyone can see without central control the blockchain, and works automatically. this contract called 'smart contract'. using smart contracts, contracts can executed and terminated recording transactions, paying for logistics, etc. detail and recording them the blockchain with the agreement between the parties, then assigning the pton the promised value the contractor. foresting can use evm implement smart contracts that automate contract execution without third party involvement. anyone can use dapps foresting without restrictions the foresting nodes spread around the world. foresting, dapps are available through pton's compatible browsers, compatible metamask, and pton wallet. dapp execution metamask desktop lightnode that allows you run dapp chrome browser. lightnode lightnode for smartphones that allows dapp run smartphones. foresting node basic configuration node block chain supernode fullnode lightnode node wallet copyright foresting.node evm create block foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter technical considerations foresting whitepaper node: any computer server connected foresting. supernode: node connected broadband network for rapid block generation and propagation. fullnode: node that holds all blockchains. serves block validation, synchronization, propagation, and service provisioning. does not participate block generation. lightnode: node that does not have blockchain but only has the header information the block header and the depth (). general, lightnode plays the role home page, hardware wallet, and mobile wallet. supernode and fullnode run the foresting node daemon, which runs evm over it. lightnode does not have daemons evms running. dapp architecture remote wallet private sign web.js keys dapp (webapp) web.js raw transaction jason rpc foresting.node net-intelligence-api json-rpc foresting ldb ipc dapp (native) native abi gen redis (c++) netstarts web.js key technologies copyright smart contract distributes turing complete code blockchain when contract executed through transaction, all nodes execute blockchain technology significantly impacts application area expansion javascript api/json rpc standardizes the json rpc api specification eth, miner, personal, db, admin, etc. providing javascript api via web.js enode combination public key and ip.port used for public key exchange for trust between peers account/state externally owned account(eoa) contract account rlp(recursive length prefix) data structure for representing variable data complex multidimensional arrays are represented one dimension authenticated encrypted communication via rplx protocol for serializing objects whisper/swarm whisper peer-to-peer filtered quick messaging (shh) swarm identify and exchange distributed binary resources (bzz) foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter technical considerations foresting whitepaper echo systems explorer netstat/ tools framework supernet foresting.network supernode fullnode lightnode servises etc. systems that can create and publish tokens the concept colored coin access first appeared around the year when several protocols using bitcoin blockchain protocols were implemented. colored coin access: type asset issue layer that digitally represents in-kind assets through bitcoin blockchain protocols. references: https://brunch.co.kr/@jeffpaik/ several other attempts have been made develop custom blockchain token platform from scratch, the most notable which the nxt token. the method developed nxt implements token creation and transmission with the contents recorded the attachment adding them the transaction. this method applied similar way qtum and zencash. this method has the advantage transferring information without breaking down the existing bitcoin transaction structure. however, transaction new structure needs added, all blockchain programs must updated the same time. program that does not follow the new transaction continues maintained, fork created that separates the existing blockchain from the new blockchain foresting supports plug-ins that are installed with extensions, and through these, new-style transaction structures are proposed, and solutions can made solve the problems caused fixed structures. clients that not have the relevant plug-ins installed can also pass these custom transactions, which allows third party developers introduce new transactions and create ecosystems, such the dapp store. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter technical considerations foresting whitepaper foresting's basic core level supports the following basic transaction types: create, delete and transfer custom tokens bid and ask decentralized token transaction implemented order matching engine that matches network transactions anonymity function foresting supports advanced transaction method trading from assets assets providing transactions between custom tokens through decentralized blockchain-based transaction. foresting supports token issuing systems that comply with the erc and erc standards. the erc token facto standard with standard interface for tokens issued ethereum blockchain network. the standard cryptocurrency, which created using smart contracts running evm, and dapps. many blockchain networks are embracing this standard. erc code contract erc function totalsupply() constant returns (uint totalsupply); check issue volume function balanceof(address _owner) constant returns (uint balance); check balance function transfer(address _to, uint _value) returns (bool success); send function transferfrom(address _from, address _to, uint _value) returns (bool success); //transmission smart contract function approve(address _spender, uint _value) returns (bool success); transaction confirmation function allowance(address _owner, address _spender) constant returns (uint remaining); check usage event transfer(address indexed _from, address indexed _to, uint _value); event approval(address indexed _owner, address indexed _spender, uint _value); erc condition account balance mapping(address uint) balances; //approve the amount that account owner can send another account mapping(address mapping (address uint)) allowed; copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter technical considerations foresting whitepaper erc function view your account balance function balanceof(address _owner) constant returns (uint balance) return balances[_owner]; transfer balance another account (previous) function transfer(address _to, uint _amount) returns (bool success) (balances[msg.sender] _amount _amount> balances[_to]+_amount> balances[_to]) balances[msg.sender]-= _amount; balances[_to] _amount;return true; else {return false;} _tokens equivalent value _from address _to address the transferfrom function used contracts transfer coins behalf account. for example, can used send coin contract address charge transaction fee for sub-token. fees sub-currencies; the command should fail unless the _from account has deliberately authorized the sender the message via some mechanism; propose these standardized apis for approval: function transferfrom( address _from, address _to, uint _amount returns (bool success) (balances[_from] _amount allowed[_from][msg.sender] _amount&& _amount balances[_to] _amount balances[_to] balances[_from] _amount; allowed[_from][msg.sender] _amount; balances[_to] _amount;return true; else {return false; https://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/ erc_token_standard#sample_fixed_supply_token_contract https://github.com/giveth/minime/blob/master/contracts/minimetoken.sol distributed foresting storage dapp foresting storage poc (proof concept) uses swarm and (name service) the blockchain search contents such dns serverless www, and will provide application extensions, such transactions with smart contracts conjunction with tokens. evm swarm contract dapp net/file storage html/css dapp qml whisper dynamic comms dapp qml dbrowser copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter technical considerations foresting whitepaper foresting storage synchronizing and using swarm between multi-nodes node node foresting.node localhost: swam localhost: block sync foresting.node localhost: swam file sync localhost: chrome file upload inquire swap, swear and swindle for foresting storage the basic components the incentive system maintain the foresting.storage network swap(swarm accounting protocol, secured with automated payments) smart contracts with delinquent payments, payment channels, escrow management, and debt management swear(secure ways ensuring archival swarm enforcement and registration) membership registration, membership conditions, deposit processing swindle(secured with insurance deposit litigation and escrow) audits, transfer lawsuits swap itm tio ica rif rit itio sentencing swear swindel judge trial copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter technical considerations foresting whitepaper the storage ecosystem's gadgets will the first implementation devices fully support swap, swear and spindle, and will provide foresting's users with more decentralized, distributed storage experience. qrng(quantum random number generator) the creation true random number the cryptography really important. however, due the constraints the actual economic transaction time, foresting uses pseudo random numbers. after wang xiaoyun, female cryptographer the chinese academy commerce university information, released the study "collision for hash" finding single way password vulnerability the current cryptology. august true random number became more significant. the foresting network recognized the challenge building decentralized and distributed community. the foresting network proposes new method, qrng, add fundamental safety the creation cryptocurrency address and the transactions bitcoins tokens. since bitcoin created the signature algorithm using digital signatures, has been widely known and applied all altcoins transferring cryptocurrency. bitcoin uses secpk standard elliptical curve function (function) the ecdsa (elliptic curve digital signature algorithm) family, which unsynchronized key algorithm. the public key expressed the coordinates (x, the elliptical curve function, and since the (x, was used the bitcoin client the past, can expressed only with the value this called compressed public key, and the latest version uses create addresses. call pubkey, the formula for finding the cryptocurrency address hash follows. pubkey hash ripemd( sha( pubkey bitcoin address basecheckencode( pubkey hash ripemd and sha are hash functions therefore, the bitcoin address based the public key. bitcoin keys random bit ellipti curve dsa base check encode private key bit public key wif private key sha-/ripem with prefix -bit public key hash base check encode address copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter technical considerations foresting whitepaper the storage ecosystem's gadgets will the first implementation devices fully support swap, swear and spindle, and will provide foresting's users with more decentralized, distributed storage experience. therefore, generating addresses for all blockchains bitcoin follows the procedure below: -bit random number private key generated. the private key required sign the transaction and send bitcoin. the private key not kept securely, there risk bitcoin being stolen. the elliptic curve dsa algorithm generates -bit public key from the private key (elliptical password will explained later), which used verify the signature the transaction. the bitcoin protocol adds the public key. the public key not released until the transaction signed, which different from what most other systems do. the next step create bitcoin address and share with others. because the -bit public key large, the sha- and ripemd hash algorithms are used downgrade bits. the key encoded ascii using bitcoin custom basecheck encoding. the final result will the same value kkkknxkozwkuqkxdvsscfibhfa and will the address which people can send/ receive bitcoin. the public and private keys can not obtained from the address. one loses their private key, they won't able access their bitcoin. finally, the wallet import format (wif) used for adding the bitcoin core program. this basecheck encoding the private key ascii and makes easy extract -bit private key. summary, there are four types keys: private keys, public keys, hash public keys, and external keys with basecheck encoding. this because the private key very important key, and necessary generate bitcoin and other keys. the open key hash bitcoin address. the following code manipulations are used generate wif formats and addresses. the private key only -bit random number. the ecdsa password library generates public key from private key. the bitcoin address created sha- hash generator, ripemd- hash calculator, and adding base and checksum. finally, encodes the private key basecheck and inserts into the bitcoin core program. know the technology the world atoms and photons that against intuition. know that each particle level, there whole new potential for quantum chance. quantum nonlocality presents new possibility for secure, non-national distribution, which based non-national correlation. this technology using entanglement and quantum incontrativity, and the principle based the principle uncertainty that was discovered the early century. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter technical considerations foresting whitepaper xp>= have the opportunity use this technology the core the foresting chain, and the h/w walls foresting for phone and the super nodes that support the port. available products qrng eyl [suitable for super node] principle micro qrng radioactive isotope use alpha particles emitted radioactive isotopes for half-life. follows uncertainty terms quantum mechanics and thus has alpha particle full uncertainty. produce random numbers that humans can not predict. diode alpha particle diode collision pulse generation detectio measure the time interval between pulses generate random amplification numbers. [measurement the time interval between pulses:] qrng skt [suitable for mobile] concept camera extractor led random numbers fibre copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter technical considerations foresting whitepaper qrng swiss idq [suitable for super node] quantis qrng: usb mbps true quantum randomness certified swiss national laboratory usb interface support: windows, linux, solaris, freebsd, mac demo application quantis qrng: pcie mbps true quantum randomness pci express interface certified swiss national laboratory support: windows, linux, solaris, freebsd demo application quantis qrng: pcie mbps true quantum randomness pci express interface certified swiss national laboratory support: windows, linux, solaris, freebsd demo application using game dapp qrng method for use random games with quantum random number generator. provides api that can linked game apps other sites. however, although possible link game apps, handing over the random number needed for the game directly other sites should not allowed. possible receive and process game result values through the linked game app. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter technical considerations foresting whitepaper using blockchain otp allow the evm smart contract code read the qrng from the view provide otp. the secret key for the otp registration should stored the mapping variable the smart contract (storage the blockchain). when otp smart contract code imported into library code and smart contract created, otp code input withdrawal, deposit, and other function calls that are important for security, and allow withdrawals and deposits only when the corresponding otp code verified. randomness beacon order efficiently use true random number extracted from qrng, would more efficient broadcast random number separate beacon chain using json-rpc api and schema, and will implemented through sufficient experiment and verification. exchange protocol foresting aims toward global services, while making content more comfortable for all users using foresting and easily exchanging the value granted into fiat. this, the app shows the current coin price real time through connection with the main exchanges worldwide. also provides value-secured token transactions through links with stablecoin and dex. foresting primarily aimed community-based development and projects. decentralized voting and messaging are implemented achieve that goal. this allows the same experience dao managing community projects while being simple from technical standpoint. foresting allows users pay network transaction fees with custom tokens. along with such transactions, orders exchange assets with primary network token are sent different decentralized exchange. the transaction can added the next block only after the order has been processed. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter technical considerations foresting whitepaper exchange based fullnode optimized for social media general, exchange based fullnode optimized for social media opens least coins per user and can updated after opening. setting blockchain possible, and compilation and installation blockchain nodes for each coin automated. the rpc module provided for coin-specific access. basic work and master node are provided for the operation nodes, and some coins may provided lighter wallet level. these master nodes wallets can connected foresting's payment channel, and state channel. the dex foresting allows selling and buying foresting tokens enabling general, split, bidding, split bids, and establishing polling pricing information collecting system. use the notification service such closing transaction announcement, push alarms, social media, e-mail etc. transaction details and statistical inquiry are made available variety ways. this allows group chat used through the zn-snarks library. also provides instant messaging services for consultation and inquiry about transactions between users. ring signature ring signature type digital signature which group possible signers are merged together produce distinctive signature that can authorize transaction. messages signed with ring signature are warranted users certain groups. one the security properties for ring signature that not possible calculation determine which key group members was used generate the signature. the actual signer one-time spend key that corresponds with output being sent from the sender's wallet. ring size: the more signatures allocated the ring signature, the stronger the security will be. there will foreign outputs and "real" output there are ring sizes disguise where the transaction being sent. since monero uses ring signature techniques, must include the ability determine the output consumed ring signature transactions solve double spending problems. resolve with key image monero bob tries send monero alice, she has ring size and one the five inputs taken from bob's wallet and added the ring signature transaction. other four are past transactions from the monero blockchain four inputs are called decoys and are fused with bob's transactions form group five signers the third party cannot determine which was actually signed bob's one-time spend key. key image allows you ensure that the monero sent alice's account has not previously been spent copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter technical considerations altcoin altcoin foresting whitepaper eth btc altcoin node interchain transition payment channel user account private transaction foresting.network interchain transition exchange protocol pdex dex cex cex cex stealth address one the keys monero's security allow and require the sender generate random one-time address behalf the recipient for all transactions. when you create monero account, you'll have private view key, private spend key, and public address. view key- the key view transactions that have been entered into corresponding account the transactions sent that account cannot viewed spend key the key that can generate transactions the corresponding account for which other keys can derived. monero allows optional semi-transparent transactions through the view key. one-time account system account generation algorithm main account generation the private key alice's main account (a, a), and (b, from the one time account system. the original account alice blockchain was named (a, a), the main account the one time account system would (b, b). the private key alice's main account (a, b), and the public key (a, b). alice will now have private key (a, b), scan key (a, b), and public key (a, the addresses the main account sub-account generation bob tries send transaction alice, and her main account (a, creates sub-account (a, s), which one time account. bob generates the random number 's' and calculates [s] [hash_p([s]b)] (a, the one time account. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter technical considerations foresting whitepaper ecdsa stamp system system that determines which accounts pay for transactions. since transactions cannot tracked one-time account system, there way knowing which transactions pay. technical terms, one-time account and one-time stamp the same. user purchases stamps before performing transactions. stamp replicated into transaction and used only once. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter technical considerations foresting whitepaper technical roadmap content platform sdks/plug-ins sample application documentation abi(application binary interface) foresting. token issuer foresting. sprit generator foresting. power regulator dsl(domain specific language) smartcontract mgmt. c/c++, fifth, python) qrng multisig qkd*(tbd) kyc qmem*(tbd) aml qrepeater*(tbd) auth oraclization engine traffic. vm(virtual machine) access. paging.ch *mobile features* slot mode sleep mode like. voting mgmt. internal state pilot. sync. deep sleep mode transaction protocol consensus protocol network protocol tech-roadmap tech-roadmap stage foresting.network alpha test net supernode make wallet sample foresting.bank launching ensuring the confidentiality orders and transactions (porting znsnarks) stablecoin issue pegging dai for value stability acquire liquidity and interoperate gateway(such openanx) make foresting.storage.node and distribute gadget make first foresting.storage dapp and ide sdk release community site third edition release make kyc,aml,oraclization utility-chains make foresting.qrng and release stage foresting.network beta test net fullnode make foresting.block explorer web wallet community site first edition test issue pton token test operation pton credit and cash stage forseting.network mainnet launching android, ios mobile wallet(lightnode) foresting for phone make and distribution ble nano ledger make foresting.scan info site foresting.dashboard site community site second edition proof mechanism concept(pmc) for like voting pmc for reward and echo system pmc credit evaluation copyright tech-roadmap make forsting wasm plug-ins for high transaction speed use dpos+modifiedpbft core consensus mechanism and make advanced for transaction per second use modifiedfba and make improvements for transaction per second use modifiedsharding and make improvements for transaction per second community site forth edition make foresting.messenger.node and distribute gadget make lightweight dapp repository make ibc( inter-blockchain-communication interface hub and convertor dapp project side-chain,child-chain,utility chains research hashlimit protocol and delayedpow and make low-power miner community site fifith edition release foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. foresting whitepaper chapter security protect the personal information chapter foresting whitepaper security protect the personal information security protect the personal information for various services, storing and appropriating personal information essential. however, there are many incidents related personal information extraction from personal information and big data. order provide services related the blockchain, certain amount personal information can obtained. however, since the blockchain public ledger, personal information can not stored the blockchain any way. although the encryption the block chain itself excellent, it's impossible store personal sensitive personal information that can identify individual. the following table shows the protection existing internet services and the common blockchain, and foresting category internet block chain network foresting confidentiality verification purity ban negative foresting will combine new perspectives technology solve security and personal information problem which depend loadmap. foresting totally new technology implementation that, for the first time blockchain ecosystem, will provide fundamental security and information protection technologies using the principles physical phenomena. oraclization the content creator has copyright for the uploaded contents social media. the content creator can prove ownership the content writing evidence the blockchain that has created this content. the user can then prove that the data has not been tampered with. all subsequent revision records can validated through blockchain. however, not possible put all this data blockchain. one attempts this, the amount data the node increases very quickly, making difficult for the node survive. therefore, information that gets uploaded the social media platform stored blockchain compressing and encrypting only specific information. this process, need system that accurately links content content creators, ensuring that important data not tampered with.this system called 'foresting implementation', and system that exchanges interactive data between the content producer and user operating smart contracts blockchain. this ensures that important data not tampered with since there sufficient and completely trusted system protect the data. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter security protect the personal information community user, developers, vlr pde mpc contents providers oraclize mobile subscriber bank account cex/dex price ime/dir number. account number. exchange number. pool civic proof phone foresting whitepaper blockchain uport qrng qkd (otp) bell's theory/ epr paradox aml examining existing implementations depth, apply this feature mobile-optimized foresting, ensure that the rights and interests participating content contributors are met. uport identity when you use various social media, you will use various accounts and passwords. you use the same username password, and account hacking occurs one site, the damage will spread all sites and have severe impact. however, you have different account information for each site, you could easily lose your account information. this can lead the centralized management account information for specific account management services. this service suffers hacking attack, all related sites will hacked the same time. solve this problem, possible apply private key public key encryption technique using blockchain instead the existing account information method. however, not easy for typical social media user manage private key public key system blockchain. therefore, foresting supports solution that makes easy manage login information the consumer level the mobile environment. this solution supports evm and erc create foundation for accepting uport identity services social media platforms. adding relevant logic the smart contract, reduces the burden key cancellation, recovery, and user's key management. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter security protect the personal information foresting whitepaper introduction uport uport user personal identification dapp based evm. similar openid facebook and naver. with its highly secure system, uport's core technologies are smart contracts, development libraries, and mobile apps. smart contracts include informational encrypted hash values such url associated with person identification, and algorithms that can recovered when personally identifiable information changed lost. the developer library contains information that manages url, dropbox, google, etc. that are associated with personally identifiable information. the mobile app contains the user's key, users can verify their identity. uport identities can issued individuals institutions. the creator the identity called the selfsovereign identity. identity creation and verification not centralized. this identity can used for electronic signatures, transaction checks, and on. identity stored encrypted hash attribute information such ipfs, azure, aws, dropbox, etc., which related personal identification information stored. therefore, when private information required destroyed, the original personal information can easily destroyed without touching the blockchain. using hash information, easy check authenticity the first identification information. uport, based evm, can used for personal identification. system with high security three elements: smart contracts, development libraries, and mobile apps smart contract: core personal identification, including logic recover personally identifiable information when user loses device development library: contains information associated with external repository. mobile app: store user key uport identities form: person, device, object, institution authority: the creator with self-sovereign identity has permission create new user without leaving the creation verification third party with centralized management key features: transaction verification, digital signature, etc. identity password-protected with off-chain data stores each identity can store hash attribute information (such ipfs, azure, aws, dropbox, etc. where all data related identity securely stored) identities: ability change profiles, automatically update friends, read and write specific files because uport identities can interact with blockchains, they can manage digital assets (encrypted currency, token assets). copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter security protect the personal information foresting whitepaper proposed use cases features the self-sovereign identity system own and control and individual identity, reputation, data and digital assets through personal identifiable information creator. allows personal data accessed the public selectively because the operator generates personal identifiable information. allows access the digital service using key without password allows digital transactions and digital documents signed for using the key allows data sent the blockchain and enables control management can interact with dapps and smart contracts can send encrypted message and data using the key pros self-sovereign identity system easy sign for new member since the personal information disclosure small. features enhanced kyc (know-your-customer) process. reduces liability since the sensitive customer information not stored easy for employees comply with since does not handle personal information easy attract content providers because the easy sign process can easily allocate specific roles with specific privileges easy use without any background knowledge once development complete uport technical overview the heart uport identity uport identifier byte hex string, globally unique) identifier: address evm smart contract, also known proxy contract proxy contract: forward transaction process which interacts with other smart contract identities evm basis when user interacts with specific smart contract application, the controller contract sends transaction via proxy contract. this architecture allows the application interact with the proxy contract address. proxy contracts indirectly ties users' private keys (stored mobile devices) and application smart contracts. the purpose the proxy contract with the core identifier allow the user change the private key during persistent identifier management. the uport identifier the user replaces the public key (corresponding the private key), the control and management the identifier will lost when the device with the private key lost. the event device loss, the controller contract maintains list recovery agents (which help uport users recover their identity). agents may institutions such friends, family, banks and credit unions. allow users restore their identity, many the minimum agents for decision-making are required connect the user identity the new device copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter security protect the personal information foresting whitepaper account recovery the recovery network will stored the controller contract you have new device, you must recover your device notify new public key the recover network approved for new public key the recovery contact, the controller contract will update the public key the account identity will successfully recovered uport can used association with identity, even not blockchain. bundle the external data structure with the uport identifier using the registry contract registry contract: mapping uport identifiers ipfs hashes ipfs: decentralized system for transferring, connecting and storing data hash: ensuring the integrity the data structure, encrypting the identifier defined only smart contract access management (the authority update the registry contract only uport proxy) the name the data structure corresponding the ipfs hash includes profile information, and on. includes data, such public keys, support decentralized public key infrastructure. the data structure json type and strengthens the cooperation with blockstack. each json schema digitally signed with private key create json web token. this token used certificate offchain the attestation general structure, and sure identity makes different identity. proof signature that indicates that the public key belongs particular identity. attestation connected two ways, much like twitter, users are allowed use their twitter account access other social media platforms. the uport user owns the encrypted key, attributes and attestations (connected the registry) can also encrypted. default, profile data can private and can encrypted with the public cryptographic key another identifier. the data will share these identifiers. technical components smart contract components proxy contract the minimum contract used send the transaction and the proxy contract address the core identifier the uport identity controller contract manages access control the proxy contract and allows additional features recovery quorum contract used recover identity the key lost. registry contract password-binds off-chain data attributes and uport identifiers data components attestations are signed data records containing profile attributes that are stored off-chain with provable claims optional public methods encrypt data (with added privacy attributes attestation) copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter security protect the personal information foresting whitepaper developer components the developer library considers simple integration uport into decentralized applications existing digital services. mobile components the mobile application stores the private key the identity. used control identity and sign attestations the security the smartphone. server components chasqui messaging server sensui gas fueling server infura rpc infura ipfs foresting blockchain and smart contracts foresting blockchain: blockchain architecture with associated state databases store smart contracts and their state smart contract: any user foresting can distribute this function-based interface. smart contracts are referred addresses (encrypted identifiers). user can call smart contract function sending transaction with transaction data history that includes smart contract address (destination), source signature, and input value. one can send receive pton, can call another smart contract function call: the block producer the network runs the program and updates its state. smart contract components proxy contract benefits proxy contro one can insert functions such playing used key key. one regenerates key, the identifier the identity does not change two basic functions proxy contract one can create transaction with different external address it's possible transfer contract ownership controller contract purpose: isolate the controller part that you can change the logic smart contract without changing the uport identifier. recoverablecontroller.sol user address: the public key which normally used recovery address: the key used for recovery recovery quorum: see below copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter security protect the personal information foresting whitepaper the user address can send transaction with proxy contract the user address can transfer control the proxy controller the new controller connector. the user address can change itself another address (time-locked) the recovery address can change the user address another address (time-out) recovery quorum contract recovery delegate: allows the user change the user's address another trusted person recovery delegate more than half the users agree, the user address changes. the user can change the recovery delegate. registry contract purpose uport identifier mapping data structures outside the blockchain data components attributes and attestations attestations signed data records containing profile attributes and verifiable claims, stored off-chain. uport registry cryptographically linked profile data attributes uport identifier plain json structure signed json web token (jwt) blockchain-profile-js) jwt reference site: https://jwt.io/introduction example attribute: {"name": "christian lundkvist"} attestation: configure jwt (header.payload.signature) signing user attributes allows for the identification the identity and the validity the profile data. this can useful for kyc (*), where bank can attest the validity profile data other attributes their customer. the bank can also used cashier. the signed user attribute (information) can validated third party, which useful kyc required the anti money laundering system, and can utilized financial services through portable kyc token. uport identity provisioning keys for applications, devices services and revoking linked profiles: using existing social media services bootstrap your identity signing the attribute with the uport signing key creates claim that the uport identity controls the twitter account with the handle, e.g chrislundkvist. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter security protect the personal information foresting whitepaper selective disclosure mechanism for encrypting data that adds layer privacy attributes and attestations. adds layer privacy the uport allowing users encrypt some all attributes default, and chooses who share the data with. due the openness the information the blockchain, have added layer privacy that uport users can encrypt and share some all privacy attributes.. the system relies each uport identity have public encryption key. the disclosure attribute works having the user encrypt attribution with symmetric encryption key. this key then used encrypt the public key each identity. one can use symmetric key determine whether the property public, and encrypt the public key individually with the public key the uport id. consider this situation. suppose wish share this attestation with only identities and first generate random symmetric key and encrypt symmetrically. denote this ciphertext sym (k, a). now assume that and each have public encryption key. let asym (u, denote the asymmetric encryption between identities and some data, specifically, asym (u, sym (dh (u, v), where (u, symmetric key generated from the public key and the private key using diffie-hellman key exchange. asym (z, k), asym (y, k), asym (z, k)) mobile application mobile applications are the means which end users interact with their uport. which principle means managing the users' private keys. the basic idea for users' primary keys put them secure isolated space and accesses them through local biometric authentication whenever the key used for signing. the user's private key remains the device and there way export that private key outside the device. the user experience the main consideration this mobile app interaction model's design. there are two main actions for interacting with the foresting blockchain using dapp. "connect": provide uport identifier the dapp. (or the foresting address) "verify validate authorize" interaction signing transaction with private key. the interaction has been designed using patterns found popular applications like whatsapp and wechat the desktop version these apps shows code and users scan this code using their mobile app, they can sign in. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter security protect the personal information foresting whitepaper this precise user flow used the uport mobile app for the "connect" flow dapp. when the user needs confirm the interaction with the blockchain, such transaction signing, another code shown. the user scans these codes and presented them with confirmation screen (which can verified using the user's fingerprint). similar this, there bankid system that interacts with bank sweden and verifies the transaction. the dapp works mobile browser, the interaction model slightly different. instead showing the code, the dapp will ask the user run the uport app. the user will redirected the uport app which users can authenticate the distribution their identifiers and sign transactions. after that, they can return the mobile browser for later dapp interaction. foresting intentionally seeks create user experience which the user longer needs know the public private key encryption algorithm. user's mental models will their smartphones and uport apps. smartphones and uport apps can used for interacting with the dapp, logging websites, verifying transactions, signing documents, and on. the user loses their cell phone mobile device, they can ask their acquaintances help them recover their identity. foresting will provide uport-based kyc, cdd protect content creators and contributors who issue dapp tokens, and will provide infrastructure that flexible and easy use through dapp technology. all this will the first implementation foresting improvement proposal (fip) "foresting for phone" foresting. kyc (know your customer): this system came into effect january and was introduced prevent illegal funds transactions and money laundering, and accordance with international standards. customer (including agent the case proxy transaction) opens new account makes one-off transaction, shall additionally confirm the address and contact information addition their real name under the financial real name act. the anti-money laundering system (aml) also refers cdd (**) customer due diligence (cdd): this when financial institution obliged ensure that their services are not used for illegal activities such money laundering, paying diligent attention their service user's financial transactions and activities. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter security protect the personal information foresting whitepaper certification foresting will use the authentication method subscribe-based mobile communication environment. this authentication method that should considered the core user's information protection technology. currently, gsm the representative mobile communication system europe and is- the united states that authentication parameters and global roaming service support. the following will describe the authentication requirements the next-generation digital mobile communication system through analysis authentication threat factors and authentication methods mobile communication. the most serious information security threats information and communications networks are illegal tampering, eavesdropping, identity theft and retransmission. with these confidentiality and integrity services, authentication services are among the most important information protection services. particular, authentication can protect against identity theft and retransmission threats and can provide access control, data integrity, confidentiality. important service that can used various forms conjunction with non-repudiation and audit services. certified objects are those processes that are executed either person, using part equipment, computer system information communication network. one may indicate their identity during the certification process and assert themselves the applicant. the other party who verifies that the claim legal the verifier. the authentication can performed the information exchanged between the applicant and the verifier. according the contents the authentication, classified into message content authentication, message origin authentication and general entity authentication. attack that masquerades identity may disguised applicant verifier, may have the form disguising both parties the middle. retransmission attack may have various forms, such simple retransmission and reverse retransmission without modification. should able protect against threats identity theft and retransmission attacks. particularly, digital mobile communication such digital cellular mobile communication and personal mobile communication provides voice and data services without restriction time and place. the use radio waves communication medium has problem increasing the possibility wiretapping tapping, radio recording, and illegal copying. order prevent such situation, necessary provide protection service and technology prevent such money theft since e-mail and smartphones are currently being used for representative services. foresting, which planning blockchain-based social media services, actively embracing these benefits. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter foresting whitepaper security protect the personal information authentication mechanisms using cryptographic techniques authentication mechanism based cryptographic techniques based the principle that the subject knows certain secret keys and can ensure the verifier. symmetric key public key technique: when using symmetric key technology, the simplest concept that subject and verifier can share symmetric key, then encrypt seal message using that key, notify the verifier decrypt correctly open the message. the contents the message include non-repetitive value. non-repetitive value can used protect against replay attack. with the public key technique, the subject signs the message with his her private key, and the verifier checks the signature with the subject's public key this case: repetitive values are used for protection against replay attacks. however, today's large network environments, authentication using secret key scheme complex multi-carrier environment which not practical from the viewpoint key management. basic and concrete authentication mechanism the one published the osi directory standard x., which collection distributed servers that manage the database servers users. this has directory structure that can act repository for public key certificate format. addition, distributed centralized structure environment, there certification service provided kerberos that developed part centralized one-way authentication. one-way authentication done adding and sending authentication token signed with the originating secret key and unique due b's identity service and message. the message actually created sent and not sent the integrity and bulk the message the following oneway authentication procedure, all. sgndata, epb[kab]} step generate step {ta, ra, sgndata, epb [kab]} step obtain and check the validity period a's certificate (as a's secret key, a's public key) verify signatures and check the integrity signed information (this allows epb encrypt with b's public key) check legitimate recipient check whether current time check has not been retransmitted copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter security protect the personal information foresting whitepaper this case, only the identity confirmed, not the response side. the timestamp (ta), the unique number (ra), the identity and the signature a's public key. the creation date and expiration date the token. this prevents the delayed delivery messages. the unique number used prevent replay attacks. this number should unique the expiration date the message. thus, has wait until the period expires. one can store numbers and reject new messages with the same number. the authentication the pure sense the message, may contain information transmitted. all. sgndata included within the scope the signature, ensuring the authenticity and integrity the message. this message can also used send session key encrypted with b's public key verification procedure for kerberos (version each message exchange used the kerberos (version authentication procedure follows. exchange certification services (to obtain ticket-authorization ticket) step as: idc idtgs step ekc [kctgs idtgs lifetime tickettgs], tickettgs ektgs [kctgs idc adc idtgs lifetime] ticket authorization service exchange (to obtain service-authorization ticket) step tgs: idv tickettgs authenticatorc step tgs? ekctgs [kcv idv ticketv] tickettgs ektgs [kctgs idc adc idtgs lifetime], ticketv ekv [kcv idc adc idv lifetime], authenticatorc ekctgs [idc adc ts] client server authentication exchange (to obtain service) step ticketv authenticatorc step ekcv [ts (for mutual authentication), ticketv ekv [kcv idc adc idv lifetime], authenticatorc ekcv [idc adc ts] idv: identifier server adc: network address kv: secret encryption key shared and tgs ticket-granting server, tgstgs: and tgs session key, idtgs: tgs identifier for requesting use and tgs service, ekv: means encrypting with tgs and the secret key known only the server, ktgs: shared and tgs secret key, kcv: secret key shared and (issued tgs), respectively. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter security protect the personal information foresting whitepaper analysis and use mobile communication systems the protection service provided the mobile communication system subscriber authentication, subscriber anonymity (subscriber identifier protection), wireless line password service, etc. the protection service-related element includes subscriber identity module (sim) that stores individual subscriber authentication key the smart card and performs authentication algorithm and cryptographic key generation algorithm mobile station (ms) visitor location register (vlr) for storing temporary mobile subscriber identity (tmsi) and determining whether the authentication successful, well temporarily storing the information the subscribers the area, and the cryptographic key associated with the subscriber identifier. there hlr (home location register) for storing and managing the value kc, the random value rand, and the authentication signature value sres. the following are the protection services and features gsm. key preparation the mobile communication system, sim containing various keys and algorithms inherited the smart card and issued the subscribers. therefore, possible prepare basic keys and parameters, and the service provider controls the network access through this. the sim contains bit authentication key called ki, and the subscriber should use and manage securely that not exposed the outside. exposed, many cases fraudulent access could occur, which case the subscriber may charged for unused charges and the secure communication channel may broken. therefore, should kept only his her sim and the service provider provided registration. authentication and key matching mobile communication system, unique challenge/ response protocol used generate authentication key and encryption key. this protocol actually occurs during call setup and executed the service provider the network operator. that is, the network compares the -bit sres with the internally calculated sres for the generated mobile station using the -bit random value and the that has attempted authenticate. this time, the authentication successful, used generate the encryption key kc, and the same process also performed the network prepare session encryption key, such mobile station. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter foresting whitepaper security protect the personal information sim/ms air interface bsc/msc/hlr/ac establishing the identity the sim retrieve from imsi rand sres password session key sharing procedure sim/ms air interface bsc/msc/hlr/ac establishing the identity the sim retrieve from imsi rand sres wireless interval message password communication procedure used generate the encryption key kc, and the same process also performed the network prepare session encryption key such mobile station. password mobile communication, the subscriber anonymity maintained tmsi imsi, and the message encryption communication for the wireless section based the secret key method. here, the imsi secret unique the subscriber which generated the service provider based the identity the subscriber the network basically controls the subscriber's network access through the imsi tmsi which the unique the subscriber. the above figure, shows the process for the geocrypt communication. roaming mobile communication system, the roaming service can transmit five preliminary triplets (consisting rand sres kc) from the home location register (hlr) the visited location register (vlr). thus, the user can receive communication functions and additional services being authenticated this triplet their visited network. the subscriber can authenticated without exposing his her authentication key ki. this value will change even the triplet intercepted, thus reducing the risk permanent exposure. however, this approach does not provide complete roaming and unable able attack the authentication functions, depending the safe handling and handover the unused remaining set triplets passed from the hlr the vlr. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter security protect the personal information foresting whitepaper location registration the mobile station wishes register its location the base station, the mobile station informs the base station its identity using the imsi and registers the location. the location registration process the present invention will described follows: when the hlr sends the imsi along with the authentication parameter request ac, the performs the and algorithms inputting and rand calculate sres and kc. the sends authentication information including imsi, kc, rand and sres the hlr, database, the transmits registration update request message, including the imsi the hlr, through the bss msc vlr. the hlr sends authentication parameters such kc, rand, and sres the vlr associated with the received imsi. the vlr manages this information database. the vlr sends authentication request message the that includes the rand. the sends the received rand. the secret key input, and the algorithms and are performed calculate and sres. kc. and the sres are included the authentication response message and transmitted the vlr. the vlr compares the received sres with the sres has, and assigns the tmsi the ms. call sign authentication when the registered desires call, the mobile station informs the base station its identity using tmsi. the procedure the mobile station call authentication follows. the call setup indication message including the ms's tmsi transmitted the vlr via the bss msc. the vlr transmits the bss msc for the rand authentication associated with the tmsi the database manages, and the bss msc transmits rand the including the rand the authentication request message. calculates the and the sres performing the algorithms and with the received rand and the secret key its input, stores kc, and sreds includes the authentication response message through the bss msc the vlr. the vlr compares the received sres with the sres has. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter security protect the personal information foresting whitepaper call authentication when the registered attempts respond the call the base station, the authentication procedure follows: when the vlr receives isup initial address message (iam), the bsc msc sends the msrn the vlr. the vlr selects tmsi, lai, kc, rand and sres and sends the sres the bss msc together with the authentication message. when the bss msc sends paging request message the ms, the sends channel request message the bss msc, the bss msc sends immediate assignment message the ms, lt; rti gt. the message exchanged between the and the bss msc this time includes the tmsi. the bss msc then sends authentication request message the that includes the rand. the performs the algorithm with the received rand and its own inputs, after generating kc, stored and the sres transmitted the vlr through the bss msc. vlr compares the received sres with its own sres has. there are other procedures such location area identification (lai) query and update related other authentication services. order use these authentication services, foresting will use simtoolkits and radio interface layer (ril) sdk for access and control. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. foresting whitepaper chapter conclusion counting down for important dates and numbers chapter conclusion foresting whitepaper foresting.testnet diagram testnet alpha amazon instance (ubuntu server. lts) xlarge foresting crypto community xlarge exchage xlarge blockexplorer xlarge foresting.network supernode xlarge sync test node qrng win test node fullnode ubuntu test node foresting.network (blockchain) lightnode mac test node lightnode foresting.phone mac test node supernode fullnode lightnode testnet beta mainnet schedule 'q-'q schedule copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter conclusion foresting whitepaper foresting.roadmap grand mainnet launching foresting will target billion user when launching grand mainnet net, and aims build network optimized for blockchain-based social media services. the ram usage the account for one user the blockchain kbytes. kbytes tbytes already have database million user candidates and plan develop the optimal supernode with capacity and users increase the future. foresting web app tech spec foresting describes key technologies and systems for building frontend backend that constitutes major component social media services. will optimized for the web and mobile, maximize user and provide optimized interoperability with the core blockchain technology foresting. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter conclusion foresting whitepaper front-end framework ... pwa(progressive web apps) new way deliver positive user experience the web. cache application service worker network building high-quality progressive web app has incredible benefits, making easy enhance the user experience, promote engagement and increase conversions. worthy being the home screen when the progressive web app criteria are met, chrome prompts users add the progressive web app their home screen. work reliably, matter the network conditions service workers enabled konga send less data for initial page loads, and less data complete the first transaction. increased engagement web push notifications helped extra electronics increase engagement it's those users who spend twice much time the site. improved conversions the ability deliver amazing user experience helped aliexpress improve conversions for new users across all browsers and ios. source: https://whatwebcando.today/ copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter conclusion foresting whitepaper ... vue.js https://vuejs.org/ the progressive javascript framework vue progressive framework for building user interfaces. unlike other monolithic frameworks, vue designed from the ground incrementally adoptable. the core library focused the view layer only, and easy pick and integrate with other libraries existing projects. well this, vue also perfectly capable powering sophisticated single-page applications when used combination with modern tooling and supporting libraries. vue.js received stars, making the most popular javascript project github. so, what makes vue.js special? firstly, intuitive use, with component approach like react, but with more familiar syntax. the ecosystem well defined, including set de-facto standards: router: vue-router, state management library: vuex uses the concept single-file component that includes template, logic and styles single file. this one the main benefits using .vue file. it's used one the most popular php frameworks, laravel, its default view engine. front-end echosystem ... vuex https://vuex.vuejs.org/ vuex state management pattern library for vue.js applications. serves centralized store for all the components application, with rules ensuring that the state can only mutated predictable fashion. also integrates with vue's official devtools extension provide advanced features such zero-config time-travel debugging and state snapshot export import. vue.js devtools https://github.com/vuejs/vue-devtools browser devtools extension for debugging vue.js applications. live edit component data lets you debug faster without going back ide and edit the seed data. debug vuex with time travel enables you debug different states. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter conclusion foresting whitepaper ... vue router https://router.vuejs.org/ vue router the official router for vue.js. deeply integrated with vue.js core make building single page applications with vue.js simple. ... axios https://github.com/axios/axios the axios library the most used http client. can work both the client side (ajax requests from the client) the server-side (http requests node.js environment) its success may related vue.js too, because lot vue.js tutorials use query distant api through http. ... vuetify https://vuetifyjs.com/en/ vuetify developed exactly according material design spec. every component has been designed bring the strongest tools app. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter conclusion foresting whitepaper wysiwyg editor ... froala https://www.froala.com/ javascript web editor that's easy integrate for developers with eye-catching and clean design. froala editor will foresting's main editor that will bring whole capability posting, editing and consuming. with its fully customizable wysiwyg editor, writing and consuming contents will seamless almost every form-factor device. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter conclusion foresting whitepaper code formatter ... prettier https://prettier.io/ prettier formats code make cleaner and easy for developers interpret. auto formatting html, javascripts can improve the development experience and code maintenance. developers just need press save format their code. there's need for them discuss style code review. saves developers time and energy. before formatting after formatting (auto format save) copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter conclusion foresting whitepaper compiler ... babel https://babeljs.io/ babel toolchain that mainly used convert ecmascript code into backwards compatible version javascript old browsers environments. build tool ... webpack https://webpack.js.org/ its core, webpack static module bundler for modern javascript applications. when webpack processes your application, internally builds dependency graph which maps every module your project needs and generates one more bundles. testing frameworks ... chai http://www.chaijs.com/ chai bdd tdd assertion library for node and the browser that can delightfully paired with any javascript testing framework. ... mocha https://mochajs.org/ mocha feature-rich javascript test framework running node.js and the browser, making asynchronous testing simple and fun. mocha tests run serially, allowing for flexible and accurate reporting, while mapping uncaught exceptions the correct test cases. hosted github. backend framework ... asp.net core https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core asp.net core cross-platform, high-performance, open-source framework for building modern, cloud-based, internet-connected applications. with asp.net core, you can: build web apps and services, iot apps, and mobile backends. use any development tools windows, macos, and linux. deploy the cloud on-premises. run .net core .net framework. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter conclusion foresting whitepaper ... asp.net web api application programming interface resembles the online web services that are used the apps the client side retrieve and update information. ... data access with core entity framework (ef) core lightweight, extensible, and cross-platform version the popular entity framework data access technology. core can serve object-relational mapper (o/rm), enabling .net developers work with database using .net objects, and eliminating the need for most the data-access code they usually need write. core supports many database engines, see database providers for details. foresting mobile app tech spec foresting for android software mobile platform for using the pton which used foresting blockchain network. notice: the use referred this document refers all situations which the pton utilized (including earning, using, trading, selling, etc.) the foresting system. mvvm architecture do() database helper save() load() syn c() view data manager http transfer transaction sqlite realem api retrofit service sync() http transfer blockchain full node api data binding kotlin push gcm (mention, notice, msg) based mvvm (model view viewmodel) architecture. the mvvm architecture designed minimize the dependence views and help make unit testing and modularization easier. view copyright ...* viewmodel foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. datamodel chapter conclusion foresting whitepaper mvvm, the viewmodel exposes stream events that the view can bind that stream. the viewmodel does not need have view's reference, unlike the presenter the mvp architecture. this means that all the interfaces that mvp usually needs will longer needed. views also tell viewmodel that other actions have occurred. so, the mvvm pattern supports bidirectional data binding between view and viewmodel. the view and viewmodel have many-to-one relationship. the view will have reference the viewmodel, but the viewmodel will have information about the view. the data consumer needs know about the data provider, but the data provider (in this case, the viewmodel) does not know care about who the data consumer is. data binding you can bind events that occur each view android using data binding. this improves code productivity and eliminates the need manage data separately, allowing you design applications that can focus more robust business logic. http://gun.tistory.com/ https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/data-binding/ fragment sqlite remote data source local data source view data binding repository in-memory cache) viewmodel activity kotlin developed intellij idea and android studio developer jetbrains, google.io has been designated android's official language. has concise syntax, can operate jvm-based environment, and interoperable with java. jvm bytecode the default, but final compilation possible using machine language llvm using the kotlin native compiler. can used develop android, tomcat, javascript, java ee, html, ios, raspberry pie and more. the following link shows google's example project using kotlin and data binding. https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture/tree/todo-mvvm-databinding/ copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter conclusion foresting whitepaper data model all data used for http transport borrows the json-rpc model. all objects are transferred json format using the gson library below. gson (google json) https://github.com/google/gson gson java library that can used convert java objects into their json representation. can also used convert json string equivalent java object. gson can work with arbitrary java objects including pre-existing objects that one does not have the source-code of. there are few open-source projects that can convert java objects json. however, most them require that one place java annotations their classes; something that cannot done someone who doesn't have access the source-code. most also not fully support the use java generics. gson considers both these very important design goals. network transfer network transfer communicates http communication using square retrofit library and communicates with api server which linked with blockchain main network. retrofit library provides all curd functions used rest api. (post (create), put (update), get (read), delete (delete) retrofit much faster than other http libraries. provides concise network logic and increases reusability, allowing you write fast, good quality code. one discussion dashboard requests) discussions asynctask ,ms ,ms volley ,ms ,ms retrofit ,ms square retrofit type-safe http client for android and java http://square.github.io/retrofit/ utilizes java library called eventbus receive events about the subscription publishing model the content creator and notify the user. you can improve the interconnection between the reader and the creator copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. chapter conclusion foresting whitepaper subscriber event publisher post event event bus onevent event subscriber onevent event bus eventbus publish/subscribe event bus for android and java. https://github.com/greenrobot/eventbus copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. foresting whitepaper chapter pton issuance counting down for important dates and numbers chapter pton issuance foresting whitepaper ico planning the pton token will issued total ,,, billion) tokens with erc-, with the total token set for sale. ico participants may receive the swap through the listed exchange wallet the foresting wallet after the launch the foresting mainnet. general information total issuance billion pton token name pton purchase ether (eth) base ethereum pre-initial pton token sale eth pton standard erc- initial pton token sale eth pton token distribution advisors marketing partners token sale reward reserve token sale team founder reserve reward partners advisors marketing team founder copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. foresting disclaimer important: you must read the following disclaimer full before continuing the foresting protocol intended maintained foresting pte. ltd. and/or its affiliate(s). references this whitepaper foresting pte. ltd. shall deemed include reference such affiliate(s). the sale ("token sale") foresting tokens ("tokens") only intended for, made for and directed towards, and acted upon only the person(s) (a) who not citizen, domiciled, resident the united states america the people's republic china (which for the purpose these terms, shall exclude the hong kong special administrative region the people's republic china, the macau special administrative region the people's republic china, and the republic china) ("prc"); and (b) outside the united states america prc. accessing and/or accepting possession any information this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant foresting pte. ltd. (singapore company registration ("foresting pte. ltd.") that: (a) you are not excluded person (as defined herein), citizen resident country which the token sale (as referred hereto the whitepaper has been prohibited; (b) you agree bound the limitations and restrictions described herein; and (c) you acknowledge that this whitepaper has been prepared for delivery you assist you making decision whether purchase tokens. important information please read this disclaimer section carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s). this whitepaper its current form circulated foresting pte. ltd. for general information and invite participant feedback only the foresting protocol (the "foresting protocol") and the tokens presently conceived, and subject review and revision the directors and/or advisors foresting pte. ltd. please not replicate distribute any part this whitepaper without this section accompaniment. the information set forth below may not exhaustive and part this whitepaper intended create legal relations between recipient this whitepaper legally binding enforceable such recipient against foresting pte. ltd. updated version this whitepaper may published later date and announced foresting pte. ltd. due course. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. please read this section and the following sections entitled "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "representations and warranties you", "cautionary note forward-looking statements", "third party information and consent other persons", "terms used", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer investment registration" and "risks and uncertainties" carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s). while make every effort ensure that any material this whitepaper accurate and date, such material way constitutes the provision professional advice. foresting pte. ltd. does not guarantee, and accepts legal liability whatsoever arising from connected to, the accuracy, reliability, currency, completeness any material contained this whitepaper participants and potential token holders should seek appropriate independent professional advice prior relying on, entering into any commitment transaction based on, material published this whitepaper which has been purely published for reference purposes alone. the tokens subject the pre-initial token sale and initial token sale are proprietary cryptographic tokens issued and sold foresting pte. ltd. ("issuer"). the token will function the native universal utility token used the foresting protocol the means value exchange and power the foresting protocol. the tokens are not intended constitute securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form regulated investment investment product any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form regulated investment investment product, solicitation for any form regulated investment investment product any jurisdiction. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper such action has been will taken foresting pte. ltd. and/or issuer obtain such approval under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the provision this whitepaper you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. this whitepaper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice purchase, sell otherwise transact with tokens and the fact presentation this whitepaper shall not form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. the token sale (as referred herein) intended for, made directed only persons outside the united states america the prc and may acted upon only persons outside the united states america the prc. accordingly, you are not eligible and you are not purchase any tokens the token sale you are: (a) citizen, domiciled in, resident the united states america the prc; (b) located the united states america the prc the time your whitelisting for and intended purchase purchase tokens the token sale; (c) located jurisdiction where the token sale prohibited, restricted unauthorised any form manner whether full part under the laws, regulatory requirements rules such jurisdiction; (d) person who otherwise prohibited ineligible any way, whether full part, from participating any part the transactions contemplated the token sale terms (as defined below), (collectively, "excluded persons"). for the purpose this whitepaper "whitelisted" means identified eligible participate the token sale the issuer, subject satisfactory know-your-client and anti-money laundering and counter financing terrorism checks conducted connection therewith, such other criteria may imposed the issuer connection therewith its sole and absolute discretion. token should construed, interpreted, classified treated enabling, according any opportunity to, purchasers participate receive profits, income, other payments returns arising from connection with the foresting protocol the tokens the proceeds the token sale, receive sums paid out such profits, income, other payments returns. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the sale and purchase the tokens, and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper any agreement between issuer and you purchaser, and relation any sale and purchase, tokens governed only separate document setting out the terms and conditions (the "token sale terms") such agreement. the event any inconsistencies between the token sale terms and this whitepaper the former shall prevail. there are risks and uncertainties associated with foresting pte. ltd., the issuer and their business and operations, the tokens, the foresting protocol, and the token sale. please refer the section entitled "risks and disclosures" set out the end this whitepaper this whitepaper any part thereof and any copy thereof must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination this whitepaper prohibited restricted. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. part this whitepaper reproduced, distributed disseminated without including this section and the following sections entitled "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "representations and warranties you", "cautionary note forward-looking statements", "third party information and consent other persons", "terms used", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination" and "risks and uncertainties". disclaimer liability the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, foresting pte. ltd. and issuer shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you. representations and warranties foresting pte. ltd. and issuer does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper representations and warranties you accessing and/or accepting possession any information this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant foresting pte. ltd. follows: (a)you agree and acknowledge that the tokens not constitute securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form regulated investment investment product any jurisdiction; (b) you are not excluded person, citizen resident country the laws which prohibit conflict with the token sale your participation the token sale; (c) you are not located jurisdiction where the token sale prohibited, restricted unauthorised any form manner whether full part under the laws, regulatory requirements rules such jurisdiction; (d) you are not person who otherwise prohibited ineligible any way, whether full part, from participating any part the transactions contemplated the token sale terms; copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. (e) you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form regulated investment investment product any jurisdiction, solicitation for any form regulated investment investment product, and you are not bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper (f) you acknowledge and understand that token should construed, interpreted, classified treated enabling, according any opportunity to, token holders participate receive profits, income, other payments returns arising from connection with the tokens the proceeds the token sale, receive sums paid out such profits, income, other payments returns; (g) you agree and acknowledge that regulatory authority has examined approved the information set out this whitepaper action has been will taken foresting pte. ltd. obtain such approval under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with; (h) you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper the undertaking and/or the completion the token sale, future trading tokens any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not construed, interpreted deemed you indication the merits foresting pte. ltd., the tokens, the token sale, and the foresting protocol; (i) the distribution dissemination this whitepaper any part thereof any copy thereof, acceptance the same you, not prohibited restricted the applicable laws, regulations rules your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions relation possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions your own expense and without liability foresting pte. ltd.; (j) you agree and acknowledge that the case where you wish purchase any tokens, tokens are not construed, interpreted, classified treated as: (i) any kind currency other than cryptocurrency; (ii) debentures, stocks shares issued any person entity; (iii) rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares; copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. (iv) rights under contract for differences under any other contract the purpose pretended purpose which secure profit avoid loss; (v) securities; (vi) units derivatives units business trust; (vii) units collective investment scheme; (viii) any form regulated investment investment product; (k) you are fully aware and understand that you are not eligible and you are not purchase any tokens you are excluded person; (l) you are legally permitted participate the token sale and all actions contemplated associated with such purchase, including the holding and use tokens; (m) the amounts that you use purchase tokens were not and are not directly indirectly derived from any activities that contravene the laws and regulations any jurisdiction, including anti-money laundering laws and regulations; (n) you are natural person, you are sufficient age and capacity under the applicable laws the jurisdiction which you reside and the jurisdiction which you are citizen participate the token sale; (o) you are not obtaining using tokens for any illegal purpose; (p) neither: (i) yourself; (ii) any person who controlling controlled you; (iii) you are privately-held entity, any person who has beneficial interest you(relevant only privately held entities); (iv) any person for whom you are acting agent nominee connection with this token sale, senior foreign political figure, any immediate family member close associate senior foreign political figure. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. "senior foreign political figure" defined senior official the executive, legislative, administrative, military judicial branch government (whether elected not), senior official major political party, senior executive foreign governmentowned corporation, and includes any corporation, business other entity that has been formed by, for the benefit of, senior foreign political figure. "immediate family" senior foreign political figure typically includes such figure's parents, siblings, spouse, children and in-laws. "close associate" senior foreign political figure person who widely and publicly known maintain unusually close relationship with such senior foreign political figure, and includes person who position conduct substantial domestic and international financial transactions behalf such senior foreign political figure; (p) you are affiliated with non-u.s. banking institution ("foreign bank"), you receive deposits from, make payments behalf of, handle other financial transactions related foreign bank, you represent and warrant foresting pte. ltd. that: (i) the foreign bank has fixed address, and not solely electronic address, country which the foreign bank authorised conduct banking activities; (ii) the foreign bank maintains operating records related its banking activities; (iii) the foreign bank subject inspection the banking authority that licensed the foreign bank conduct its banking activities; and (iv) the foreign bank does not provide banking services any other foreign bank that does not have physical presence any country and that not regulated affiliate; (q) you have basic degree understanding the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology; (r) you are fully aware and understand that the case which you wish purchase any tokens, there are risks associated with foresting pte. ltd. and its businesses and operations, the tokens, the foresting protocol and the token sale; copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. (t) you bear the sole responsibility determine what tax implications purchasing tokens may have for you and agree not hold foresting pte. ltd. any other person involved the token sale liable for any tax liability associated with arising therefrom; (u) you agree and acknowledge that foresting pte. ltd. and/or any person involved the token sale and/or with the creation and distribution tokens the foresting protocol, not liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you; (v) you waive the right participate class action lawsuit class wide arbitration against foresting pte. ltd. and/or any person involved the token sale and/or with the creation and distribution tokens the foresting protocol; and (w) all the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and nonmisleading from the time your access and/or acceptance possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be). cautionary note forward-looking statements all statements contained this whitepaper statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made foresting pte. ltd. its directors, executive officers employees acting behalf foresting pte. ltd. (as the case may be), that are not statements historical fact, constitute "forward-looking statements". some these statements can identified forward-looking terms such "aim", "target", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "project", "should", "would", "will" other similar terms. however, these terms are not the exclusive means identifying forward-looking statements. all statements regarding foresting pte. ltd.'s business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects the industry which foresting pte. ltd. in, are forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements, which include but are not limited statements foresting pte. ltd.'s prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed this whitepaper regarding foresting pte. ltd. are matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements foresting pte. ltd. materially different from any future results, performance achievements expected, expressed implied such forward-looking statements. these factors include, amongst others: (a)changes the political, social, and economic landscape, and the stock cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment the countries which foresting pte. ltd. conducts its business and operations; (b) the risk that foresting pte. ltd. may unable execute implement its business strategies and future plans; (c) changes interest rates and exchange rates fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; (d) changes the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth foresting pte. ltd. and the foresting protocol; (e) changes the availability and fees payable foresting pte. ltd. connection with its businesses and operations the foresting protocol; (f) changes the availability and salaries employees who are required foresting pte. ltd. operate their respective businesses and operations; (g) changes preferences users the foresting protocol; (h) changes competitive conditions under which foresting pte. ltd. operates, and the ability foresting pte. ltd. compete under such conditions; (i) changes the future capital needs foresting pte. ltd. and the availability financing and capital fund such needs; (j) war acts international domestic terrorism; (k) occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations foresting pte. ltd.; (l) other factors beyond the control foresting pte. ltd.; and (m) any risk and uncertainties associated with foresting pte. ltd. and its business and operations, the tokens, the foresting protocol and the token sale. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. all forward-looking statements made which are attributable foresting pte. ltd. persons acting behalf foresting pte. ltd. are expressly qualified their entirety such factors. given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements foresting pte. ltd. could materially different from what has been expected, expressed implied the forward-looking statements this whitepaper undue reliance must not placed these statements. these forwardlooking statements are applicable only the date this whitepaper neither foresting pte. ltd. nor any other person represents, warrants, and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance achievements foresting pte. ltd. will discussed those forward-looking statements. the actual results, performance achievements foresting pte. ltd. may differ materially from those anticipated these forward-looking statements. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance policies foresting pte. ltd. further, foresting pte. ltd. disclaims any responsibility update any those forwardlooking statements publicly announce any revisions those forward-looking statements reflect future developments, events circumstances, even new information becomes available other events occur the future. third party information and consent other persons this whitepaper includes information obtained from various third party sources ("third party information"). none the publishers the third party information has consented the inclusion the third party information this whitepaper and therefore not liable for the third party information. while foresting pte. ltd. has taken reasonable action ensure that the third party information have been included their proper form and context, neither foresting pte. ltd., nor its directors, executive officers and employees acting its behalf, has independently verified the accuracy, reliability, completeness the contents, ascertained any applicable underlying assumption, the relevant third party information. consequently, neither foresting pte. ltd. nor its directors, executive officers and employees acting their behalf makes any representation warranty the accuracy, reliability completeness such information and shall not obliged provide any updates the same. terms used facilitate better understanding the tokens being offered for purchase foresting pte. ltd., and the businesses and operations foresting pte. ltd., certain technical terms and abbreviations, well as, certain instances, their descriptions, have been used this whitepaper these descriptions and assigned meanings should not treated being definitive their meanings and may not correspond standard industry meanings usage. words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neutral genders and vice versa. references persons shall include corporations. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. advice information this whitepaper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding foresting pte. ltd., the tokens, the foresting protocol, the token sale. you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional advisor regarding foresting pte. ltd. and its business and operations, the tokens, the foresting protocol, and the token sale. you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any exchange tokens for indefinite period time. none the advisors engaged has made purports make any statement this whitepaper any statement upon which statement this whitepaper based and each them makes representation regarding any statement this whitepaper and the maximum extent permitted law, expressly disclaims and takes responsibility for any liability any person which based on, arises out of, any statement, information opinions in, omission from, this whitepaper further information update person has been authorised give any information representation not contained this whitepaper connection with foresting pte. ltd. and its business and operations, the tokens, the foresting protocol, the token sale and, given, such information representation must not relied upon having been authorised behalf foresting pte. ltd.. the token sale shall not, under any circumstances, constitute continuing representation create any suggestion implication that there has been change, development reasonably likely involve material change the affairs, conditions and prospects foresting pte. ltd. any statement fact information contained this whitepaper since the date hereof. restrictions distribution and dissemination the distribution dissemination this whitepaper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws, regulatory requirements and rules any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable your possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without liability foresting pte. ltd. persons whom copy this whitepaper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have the whitepaper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute this whitepaper any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. offer investment registration this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment, solicitation for any form investment any jurisdiction. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. the token sale (as referred herein) intended for, made directed only persons who are not excluded persons regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. risks and uncertainties prospective purchasers tokens should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with the issuer and foresting pte. ltd., and their business and operations, the tokens, the foresting protocol, and the token sale, and all information set out this whitepaper and the token sale terms prior any purchase the tokens. any such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results operations and prospects the issuer could materially and adversely affected. such cases, you may lose all part the value the tokens. please read the following risks and warnings before deciding purchase tokens. should noted the following list risks and warnings not exhaustive. accordingly, prospective purchasers should not place undue reliance these statements. risks relating participation the token sale the issuer may forced cease operations possible that, due any number reasons, including, but not limited to, unfavorable fluctuation the value cryptographic and fiat currencies, the inability the issuer establish the project the token's utility, the failure commercial relationships, intellectual property ownership challenges, the issuer may longer viable operate and the issuer may dissolve take actions that result dissolution the issuer. there prior market for the tokens and the token sale may not result active liquid market for the tokens copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. prior the token sale, there has been public market for the tokens. the event that the tokens are traded cryptocurrency exchange, there assurance that active liquid trading market for the tokens will develop developed, sustained after the tokens have been made available for trading such cryptocurrency exchange. there also assurance that the market price the tokens will not decline below the purchase price the tokens (the "purchase price"). the purchase price may not indicative the market price the tokens after they have been made available for trading cryptocurrency exchange. token not currency issued any central bank national, supra-national quasinational organisation, nor backed any hard assets other credit. the issuer not responsible for nor does pursue the circulation and trading tokens the market. trading tokens merely depends the consensus its value between the relevant market participants, and one obliged purchase any token from any holder the token, including the purchasers, nor does anyone guarantee the liquidity market price tokens any extent any time. accordingly, the issuer cannot ensure that there will any demand market for tokens, that the purchase price indicative the market price tokens after they have been made available for trading cryptocurrency exchange. future sales the tokens could materially and adversely affect the market price tokens any future sale the tokens (which were not available for sale the token sale) would increase the supply tokens the market and this may result downward price pressure the token. the sale distribution significant number tokens outside the token sale, the perception that such further sales issuance may occur, could adversely affect the trading price the tokens. negative publicity may materially and adversely affect the price the tokens negative publicity involving the issuer, the foresting protocol, the tokens any the key personnel the issuer may materially and adversely affect the market perception market price the tokens, whether not such negative publicity justified. there assurance any success the foresting protocol the value of, and demand for, the tokens hinges heavily the performance the foresting protocol. there assurance that the foresting protocol will gain traction after its launch and achieve any commercial success. the foresting protocol has not been fully developed, finalised and integrated and subject further changes, updates and adjustments prior its launch. such changes may result unexpected and unforeseen effects its projected appeal users, and hence impact its success. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. while the issuer has made every effort provide realistic estimate, there also assurance that the cryptocurrencies raised the token sale will sufficient for the development and integration the foresting protocol. for the foregoing any other reason, the development and integration the foresting protocol may not completed and there assurance that will launched all. such, distributed tokens may hold little worth value, and this would impact its trading price. and when the foresting protocol fully developed, there assurance will widely adopted utilised its target users. the trading price the tokens may fluctuate following the token sale the prices cryptographic tokens general tend relatively volatile, and can fluctuate significantly over short periods time. the demand for, and correspondingly the market price of, the tokens may fluctuate significantly and rapidly response to, among others, the following factors, some which are beyond the control the issuer: (a)new technical innovations; (b) analysts' speculations, recommendations, perceptions estimates the token's market price the issuer's financial and business performance; (c) changes market valuations and token prices entities with operations similar that the issuer that may made available for sale and purchase the same cryptocurrency exchanges the tokens; (d) announcements the issuer significant events, for example partnerships, sponsorships, new product developments; (e) fluctuations market prices and trading volume cryptocurrencies cryptocurrency exchanges; (f) additions departures key personnel the issuer; (g) success failure the issuer's management implementing business and growth strategies; and (h) changes conditions affecting the blockchain financial technology industry, the general economic conditions market sentiments, other events factors. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. the funds raised the token sale are exposed risks theft the issuer will make every effort ensure that the funds received from the token sale will securely held such address directed the issuer ("receiving address"). further, upon receipt the funds, the issuer will make every effort ensure that the funds received will securely held through the implementation security measures. notwithstanding such security measures, there assurance that there will theft the cryptocurrencies result hacks, mining attacks (including but not limited doublespend attacks, majority mining power attacks and "selfish-mining" attacks), sophisticated cyber-attacks, distributed denials service errors, vulnerabilities defects the receiving address, the foresting blockchain, any other blockchain, otherwise. such events may include, for example, flaws programming source code leading exploitation abuse thereof. such event, even the token sale completed, the issuer may not able receive the cryptocurrencies raised and the issuer may not able utilise such funds for the development the foresting protocol, and the launch the foresting protocol might temporarily permanently curtailed. such, the issued tokens may hold little worth value, and this would impact its trading price. the tokens are uninsured, unless you specifically obtain private insurance insure them. the event any loss loss value, you may have recourse. risks relating the receiving address and wallets the receiving address may compromised and the cryptocurrencies may not able disbursed the receiving address designed secure. however, the event that the receiving address is, for any reason compromised (including but not limited scenarios the loss keys such receiving address), the funds held the receiving address may not able retrieved and disbursed, and may permanently unrecoverable. such event, even the token sale successful, the issuer will not able receive the funds raised and the issuer will not able utilise such funds for the development the foresting protocol, and the implementation the foresting protocol might temporarily permanently curtailed. such, distributed tokens may hold little worth value, and this would impact its trading price. the loss compromise information relating your wallet may affect your access and possession the tokens your access the tokens cryptocurrency wallet ("wallet") depends on, among other things, the safeguards the information such wallet, including but not limited the user account information, address, private key, and password. the event that any the foregoing lost compromised, your access the wallet may curtailed and thereby adversely affecting your access and possession the tokens, including such tokens being unrecoverable and permanently lost. the wallet wallet service provider may not technically compatible with the tokens. wallet wallet service provider may not technically compatible with the tokens, this may result the delivery tokens being unsuccessful affect your access such tokens. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. risks relating foresting pte. ltd. the foresting protocol intended operated and maintained foresting pte. ltd.. any events circumstances which adversely affect foresting pte. ltd. may have corresponding adverse effect the foresting protocol such events circumstances affect foresting pte. ltd.'s ability maintain the foresting protocol. this would correspondingly have impact the trading price the tokens. foresting pte. ltd. may materially and adversely affected fails effectively manage its operations its business develops and evolves, which would have direct impact its ability maintain the foresting protocol and consequently the trading price the tokens. the financial technology and cryptocurrency industries, and the markets which foresting pte. ltd. competes, have grown rapidly and continue grow rapidly and evolve response new technological advances, changing business models and other factors. result this constantly changing environment, foresting pte. ltd. may face operational difficulties adjusting the changes, and the sustainability foresting pte. ltd. will depend its ability manage its operations, adapt technological advances and market trends and ensure that hires qualified and competent employees, and provide proper training for its personnel. its business evolves, foresting pte. ltd. must also expand and adapt its operational infrastructure. foresting pte. ltd.'s business relies its blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology, and manage technical support infrastructure for the foresting protocol effectively, foresting pte. ltd. will need continue upgrade and improve its data systems and other operational systems, procedures and controls. these upgrades and improvements will require dedication resources, which are likely complex and increasingly rely hosted computer services from third parties that foresting pte. ltd. does not control. foresting pte. ltd. unable adapt its systems and organization timely, efficient and cost-effective manner accommodate changing circumstances, its business, financial condition and results operations may adversely affected. the third parties whom foresting pte. ltd. relies are subject security breach otherwise suffer disruptions that impact the services foresting pte. ltd. utilises, the integrity and availability its internal information could compromised, which may consequently cause the loss confidential proprietary information, and economic loss. the loss financial, labor other resources, and any other adverse effect foresting pte. ltd.'s business, financial condition and operations, would have direct adverse effect foresting pte. ltd.'s ability maintain the foresting protocol. the foresting protocol the main product which the tokens relate, this may adversely impact the trading price the tokens. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. there may weaknesses, vulnerabilities bugs the foresting smart contract foresting pte. ltd. will make reasonable efforts ensure that the smart contracts underlying the tokens are audited, tested and approved technical experts. however, smart contract technology still its early stage development and its application experimental nature carries significant operational, technological, financial, regulatory and reputational risks, there are inherent risks that such smart contracts could contain weaknesses, vulnerabilities bugs. purchasers tokens should understand and accept that there are warranties that tokens are fit for particular purpose not contain any weaknesses, vulnerabilities bugs which would cause loss their worth value. the event that any the aforementioned risks materialises, foresting pte. ltd.'s business strategies, results operations and prospects may also adversely affected. foresting pte. ltd. may experience system failures, unplanned interruptions its network services, hardware software defects, security breaches other causes that could adversely affect foresting pte. ltd.'s infrastructure network, and/or the foresting protocol foresting pte. ltd. unable anticipate when there would occurrences hacks, cyber-attacks, mining attacks (including but not limited double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks and "selfish-mining" attacks), distributed denials service errors, vulnerabilities defects the foresting protocol, the tokens, the receiving address, the wallet any technology (including but not limited smart contract technology) which foresting pte. ltd., the foresting protocol, the tokens, the receiving address that the wallet relies on, the foresting blockchain any other blockchain. such events may include, for example, flaws programming source code leading exploitation abuse thereof. foresting pte. ltd. may not able detect such hacks, mining attacks (including but not limited double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks and "selfish-mining" attacks), cyber-attacks, distributed denials service errors vulnerabilities defects timely manner, and may not have sufficient resources efficiently cope with multiple service incidents happening simultaneously rapid succession. foresting pte. ltd.'s network services, which would include the foresting protocol, could disrupted numerous events, including natural disasters, equipment breakdown, network connectivity downtime, power losses, even intentional disruptions its services, such disruptions caused software viruses attacks unauthorised users, some which are beyond foresting pte. ltd.'s control. although foresting pte. ltd. has taken steps against malicious attacks its appliances and its infrastructure, which are critical for the maintenance the foresting protocol and its other services, there can assurance that cyber-attacks, such distributed denials service, will not attempted the future, and that any foresting pte. ltd.'s enhanced security measures will effective. foresting pte. ltd. may prone attacks its infrastructure intended steal information about its technology, financial data user information take other actions that would damaging foresting pte. ltd. and users the foresting protocol. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. are dependent part the location and data center facilities third parties foresting pte. ltd.'s infrastructure network part established through servers which owns and houses the location facilities third parties, and servers that rents data center facilities third parties. foresting pte. ltd. unable renew its data facility lease commercially reasonable terms all, foresting pte. ltd. may required transfer its servers new data center facility, and may incur significant costs and possible service interruption connection with the relocation. these facilities are also vulnerable damage interruption from, among others, natural disasters, arson, terrorist attacks, power losses, and telecommunication failures. additionally, the third party providers such facilities may suffer breach security result third party action, employee error, malfeasance otherwise, and third party may obtain unauthorised access the data such servers. techniques used obtain unauthorised access to, sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognised until launched against target, foresting pte. ltd. and the providers such facilities may unable anticipate these techniques implement adequate preventive measures. any such security breaches damages which occur which impact upon foresting pte. ltd.'s infrastructure network and/or the foresting protocol may adversely impact the price the tokens. general global market and economic conditions may have adverse impact foresting pte. ltd.'s operating performance, results operations and cash flow. foresting pte. ltd. has been and could continue affected general global economic and market conditions. challenging economic conditions worldwide have from time time, contributed, and may continue contribute, slowdowns the information technology industry large. weakness the economy could have negative effect foresting pte. ltd.'s business, operational and financial condition, including decreases revenue and operating cash flow. additionally, down-cycle economic environment, foresting pte. ltd. may experience the negative effects increased competitive pricing pressure and slowdown commerce and usage the foresting protocol. suppliers which foresting pte. ltd. relies for servers, bandwidth, location and other services could also negatively impacted economic conditions that, turn, could have negative impact foresting pte. ltd.'s operations expenses. there can assurance, therefore, that current economic conditions worsening economic conditions prolonged recurring recession will not have significant adverse impact foresting pte. ltd.'s business, financial condition and results operations and hence the foresting protocol, which would correspondingly impact the trading price the tokens. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. foresting pte. ltd. the tokens may affected newly implemented regulations. cryptocurrency trading generally unregulated worldwide, but numerous regulatory authorities across jurisdictions have been outspoken about considering the implementation regulatory regimes which govern cryptocurrency cryptocurrency markets. foresting pte. ltd. the tokens may affected newly implemented regulations relating cryptocurrencies cryptocurrency markets, including having take measures comply with such regulations, having deal with queries, notices, requests enforcement actions regulatory authorities, which may come substantial cost and may also require substantial modifications the foresting protocol. this may impact the appeal the foresting protocol for users and result decreased usage the foresting protocol. further, should the costs (financial otherwise) complying with such newly implemented regulations exceed certain threshold, maintaining the foresting protocol may longer commercially viable and foresting pte. ltd. may opt discontinue the foresting protocol and/or the tokens. further, difficult predict how whether governments regulatory authorities may implement any changes laws and regulations affecting distributed ledger technology and its applications, including the foresting protocol and the tokens. foresting pte. ltd. may also have cease operations jurisdiction that makes illegal operate such jurisdiction, make commercially unviable undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. scenarios such the foregoing, the trading price tokens will adversely affected tokens may cease traded. the regulatory regime governing blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies, tokens, and token offerings such the token sale, the foresting protocol, and the tokens uncertain, and regulations policies may materially and adversely affect the development the foresting protocol and the utility the tokens regulation tokens (including the tokens) and token offerings such the token sale, cryptocurrencies, blockchain technologies, and cryptocurrency exchanges currently undeveloped and likely rapidly evolve, vary significantly among international, federal, state and local jurisdictions, and subject significant uncertainty. various legislative and executive bodies singapore and other countries may the future, adopt laws, regulations, guidance, other actions, which may severely impact the development and growth the foresting protocol and the adoption and utility the tokens. failure foresting pte. ltd. users the foresting protocol comply with any laws, rules and regulations, some which may not exist yet are subject interpretation and may subject change, could result variety adverse consequences, including civil penalties and fines. blockchain networks also face uncertain regulatory landscape many foreign jurisdictions such the european union, the prc, south korea, and russia. various foreign jurisdictions may, the near future, adopt laws, regulations directives that affect the foresting protocol. such laws, regulations directives may directly and negatively impact foresting pte. ltd.'s business. the effect any future regulatory change impossible predict, but such change could substantial and materially adverse the development and growth foresting protocol. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. protocol and the adoption and utility the tokens. new changing laws and regulations interpretations existing laws and regulations may materially and adversely impact the value the currency which the tokens may sold, the value the distributions that may made foresting pte. ltd., the liquidity the tokens, the ability access marketplaces exchanges which trade the tokens, and the structure, rights and transferability tokens. tokens holders will have control foresting pte. ltd. the holders tokens are not and will not entitled, vote receive dividends deemed the holder capital stock the issuer for any purpose, nor will anything construed confer the purchaser any the rights stockholder foresting pte. ltd. any right vote for the election directors upon any matter submitted stockholders any meeting thereof, give withhold consent any corporate action receive notice meetings, receive subscription rights otherwise. the purchaser may lack information for monitoring their investment the purchaser may not able obtain all information would want regarding foresting pte. ltd., the tokens, the foresting protocol, timely basis all. possible that the purchaser may not aware timely basis material adverse changes that have occurred. information relation the development tokens may also highly technical nature. result these difficulties, well other uncertainties, the purchaser may not have accurate accessible information about the foresting protocol. there may risks relating acts god, natural disasters, wars, terrorist attacks, riots, civil commotions widespread communicable diseases and other force majeure events beyond the control foresting pte. ltd. the token sale and the performance foresting pte. ltd.'s activities may interrupted, suspended delayed due acts god, natural disasters, wars, terrorist attacks, riots, civil commotions, widespread communicable diseases and other force majeure events beyond the control foresting pte. ltd.. such events could also lead uncertainty the economic outlook global markets and there assurance that such markets will not affected, that recovery from the global financial crisis would continue. such events, foresting pte. ltd.'s business strategies, results operations and prospects may materially and adversely affected. further, outbreak such infectious communicable diseases occurs any the countries which foresting pte. ltd., the developers, data providers data consumers have operations the future, market sentiment could adversely affected and this may have negative impact the foresting protocol and community. there may unanticipated risks arising from the tokens cryptographic tokens such the tokens are relatively new and dynamic technology. addition the risks included this annex, there are other risks associated with your purchasing, holding and using the tokens, including those that foresting pte. ltd. cannot anticipate. such risks may further materialize unanticipated variations combinations the risks discussed hereto. copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. foresting references https://github.com/bitcoinbook/bitcoinbook andreas antonopoulos. mastering bitcoin. o'reilly media, inc., https://forum.ethereum.org/discussion//total-supply-of-eth sunny king and scott nadal. ppcoin: peer-to-peer crypto-currency with proof-ofstake. (august http://peercoin.net/assets/paper/peercoin-paper.pdf. jae kwon. tendermint: consensus without mining. (). http://tendermint.com/ docs/tendermint.pdf. https://www.stellar.org/papers/stellar-consensus-protocol.pdf https://github.com/input-output-hk/scorex https://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/ erc_token_standard#sample_fixed_supply_token_contract https://github.com/giveth/minime/blob/master/contracts/minimetoken.sol https://github.com/eosio/documentation/blob/master/technicalwhitepaper.md eos.io technical white paper nicolas gising. quantum chance: nonlocality, teleportation and other quantum marvels. copernicus, https://ubports.com/ ubuntutouch: mobile version the ubuntu operating system david stang and sylvia moon, network security secrets, idg books worldwide, inc., bellovin and merritt, "limitations the kerberos authentication system," computer communications review, october ray bird al., "systematic design family attack resistant authentication protocols," ieee journal selected areas communications, vol. no. june eric-maxwell-mvc-mvp-and-mvvm-on-android https://academy.realm.io/kr/posts/eric-maxwell-mvc-mvp-and-mvvm-on-android/ copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved. gson https://github.com/google/gson retrofit http://square.github.io/retrofit/ event bus https://github.com/greenrobot/eventbus token curated registries tcrs, new theory, and dev updates https://medium.com/@ilovebagels/token-curated-registries-----tcrs-new-theoryand-dev-updates-cffd adchain registry smart contracts https://github.com/adchain/adchainregistry learning solidity part commit-reveal voting https://karl.tech/learning-solidity-part--voting/ partial lock commit reveal voting system that utilizes erc tokens https://github.com/consensys/plcrvoting copyright foresting pte. ltd. all rights reserved.