"we shape our tools and afterwards our tools shape us. ----herbet marshall mcluhan www.fota.top contents summary ........................................................................................................................................ fortuna ....................................................................................................................................... current state otc derivatives market ................................................................ solutions for three core problems .......................................................................... build trust network........................................................................................ improve operational efficiency ...................................................................... increase the liquidity ........................................................................................ three dimensional innovations ............................................................................... smaller granularity level ............................................................................... new underlying assets .................................................................................. higher availability hedging ..................................................................... blockchain for supervision ....................................................................................... economic model fortuna ..................................................................................... technology .............................................................................................................................. fortuna architecture................................................................................................... bottom layer ..................................................................................................... core component layer .................................................................................. platform service layer .................................................................................... application layer ............................................................................................. fortuna ecosystem ...................................................................................................... structured smart contract ........................................................................................ role definition ............................................................................................................. decentralized quoting scheme............................................................................... the overall scheme ......................................................................................... svd-based consensus algorithm................................................................ equity governance and redistribution ............................................... continuous quoting and close out alert ................................................. contract life cycle ...................................................................................................... life cycle prc ................................................................................................ life cycle puc ............................................................................................... dposa consensus algorithm .................................................................................. fota value locking service ..................................................................................... compliance filter......................................................................................................... project ....................................................................................................................................... core member ............................................................................................................... strategic partners ........................................................................................................ roadmap........................................................................................................................ fota allocation plan .................................................................................................. reference...................................................................................................................................... "we shape our tools and afterwards our tools shape us. ----herbet marshall mcluhan summary peer-to-peer electronic cash system, published satoshi nakmoto has brought whole new mode thinking about decentralization. with the new mode thinking, fortuna, the first blockchain platform for the global otc derivatives market, solves several core problems and introduces some new features follows: build trust network. fortuna can solve the trust problem the otc derivatives market with consensus algorithm dposa, structured smart contract, decentralized quote scheme, digitalized supervision and other techniques blockchain. improve the operational efficiency. specialized blockchain platform for derivatives, fortuna can improve the operational efficiency each step transactions, including contract creation, price quoting, contract signature, trading and clearing. increase the liquidity. the only medium exchange accepted fortuna, fota can enable the platform embrace the global liquidity pool regardless the physical and multi-currency barriers. motivate users trade. fortuna supports two modes trading: prc and puc. under prc mode, users can launch peer peer transaction without any cost agency. under puc mode, users can create new types derivatives and the market makers while benefiting from the trading volume the new derivatives created. enrich the derivatives market. users fortuna can create all kinds derivatives with different underlying assets, deal structures, durations, margin ratios and other elements transactions. some extent, fortuna can worldwide incubator for innovative derivative tools. algorithmic regulation and self-discipline. with algorithmic regulation and self-discipline, fortuna supports transparent, real time, and full dose data supervision. smart contract, digitalized supervision, arbitration driven consensus algorithm and other new technical features can inspire new mode regulation and self-discipline. herbert marshall mcluhan said, "we shape our tools and afterwards our tools shape us." fortuna will inspire new mode thinking for the global otc derivatives market and make the tools hedging more available and more popular. fortuna this chapter will analyze the current state the derivatives market and introduce the solutions for three core problems the otc derivatives market. moreover, three dimensional value-added innovations fortuna will introduced and the meaning blockchain technology for self-discipline and regulation will analyzed. finally, the business model and the economy design fortuna will detailed this chapter. current state otc derivatives market called the first year hedging china because securities margin trading and stock index futures were issued this year, which concluded the age one-sided stock market china. stock index futures, securities margin trading, treasury bond futures, commodity options and other derivatives issued, many companies began the transition from traditional private equity companies hedge funds adopting all kinds investment strategies including long/short, macro, event driven, cta, relative value and others. the other hand, the volume chinese futures market reached billion and the balance securities margin financing reached billion rmb. all the signs show that the derivatives market china has entered rapid development period. moreover, the data provided fia shows, asia has become the biggest market spite the high speed development, the chinese derivatives market still have many problems compared with the markets america and europe. exchange market: lack derivatives varieties the data provided china futures association shows, there are only four futures exchanges and only kinds derivatives exchange market the first half year the lack derivatives varieties restrict the possibilities more participation directly, and too many demands derivatives are not satisfied. exchange shanghai futures exchange number derivatives name derivatives copper, aluminum, zinc, lead, nickel,tin,gold,silver, steel rebar,steel wire rod, hot rolled coils, fuel oil, bitumen,natural rubber cotton no., japonica rice, late rice, rapeseed oil, wheat zhengzhou commodity exchange pm, wheat wh, early rice, rapeseed meal, rapeseed, flat glass, methanol, ferrosilicon, silicon manganese, pta, thermal coal, call, put corn, corn starch, no. soybean, egg, no. soybean, dalian commodity exchange soybean meal, soybean oil, rbd palm olein, fiberboard, blockboard, soybean meal options, lldpe, pvc, pp, coking coal, coke, iron ore china financial futures exchange csi index futures, csi index futures, sse index futures, -year treasury bond futures, -year treasury bond futures furthermore, the unbalanced development exchange market obvious. for example, the first half year kinds derivatives (steal rebar, bitumen, zinc, natural rubber and hot rolled coils) occupied total volume shanghai futures exchange and the other kinds derivatives occupied only unbalanced development exchange market implies that under the surface rapid development, the chinese exchange derivatives market still not mature. otc market: credit risk and efficiency problem china futures association issued guide for risk management service carried subsidiaries set the futures company. since then, many futures company china began set subsidiaries provide otc derivatives service satisfy the requirements risk management and price management many areas. otc derivatives market china developing rapidly, the credit risk and trust problem become the key issue the otc market. the other hand, although many institutions are trying build inter-institution otc derivatives market, the lack authoritative third party institution makes the inter-institution market loose and inefficient. whole market: unconnected with the overseas market and insufficient institutional investors fia volume survey shows, the derivatives exchanges china performed well based the volume dimension. however, the derivatives market china are not connected with the international market very well for many reasons, such the foreign exchange control policy. moreover, the lack professional institutional investors another big problem. since the first hedge fund was built the market size hedge fund has jumped from billion dollars trillion dollars. america market occupies euro market occupies and chinese market only occupies .%. the small market share shows the immature current state and the big room for growth china. solutions for three core problems there are four essential symbols mature financial market including large pool underlying financial assets, abundant derivatives, global liquidity participation and efficient regulation. accompanying with the improving market maturity, the derivatives and risk management service will great demand. however, there are still three core problems need solved: how build trust network for otc derivatives market. how improve the operational efficiency otc derivatives market. how increase the liquidity otc derivatives market. build trust network the trust problem and credit risk not only restrict the participation, but also limit the pool liquidity. the difficulties build trust within otc derivatives market lead three structural features the otc derivatives market follows. the majority participants are big intuitions with good credit records. the participation small enterprises and individuals are rare. the nominal amount single otc derivative contract very big general and the duration the contract very long general. the variety otc derivatives are not developed very well. the third problem seems strange because one the advantages otc derivatives market the feature supporting personalized contract. however, the credit risk and the trust problem result the prudent participation investors especially when the traders fall under different jurisdiction. therefore, the participants are not willing take extra risk with personalized derivative contracts which may have complex deal structure and new underlying asset-class. the data provided bis shows, the notional principal reached trillion dollars the market share currency derivatives (interest rate and derivatives) are more than the reasons the trust problem within otc derivatives market are follows. the participants the otc derivatives market come from different areas, such finance, agriculture, manufacturing, etc. the regulation and self-discipline mechanism not mature and complete. traditional offline signature contract will easily lead disputation. lack default management mechanism without delay and human intervention. the reasons described above turn out the trust problem the otc derivatives market which cannot solved easily traditional ways. fortuna introduces whole new way solve this problem based blockchain technology follows. consensus algorithm. fortuna introduces optimized version consensus algorithm based dpos, which called dposa safeguard the data's integrity and guarantee that cannot tampered with. long the malicious entities nodes are more than one third the total number, there will fork and moral hazard. smart contract. fortuna replaces the traditional offline contract signature mode with programmable and automatic executable smart contract based the blockchain eliminate the credit risk derivatives trading activities. digitalized supervision. fortuna introduces new kind crypto-token fota unify the exchange media the platform. all the participants from different areas and jurisdiction will trade derivatives using fota. the fota margin account will supervised for hour and human being can intervene. the digitalized supervision mode based crypto-token are much more efficient and transparent compared with the traditional supervision mode carried commercial banks. decentralized quote scheme. fortuna creates decentralized scheme for price quoting while introducing mechanism similar corporate equity governance motivate the quoters fulfill their duties and eliminate the possibilities price manipulation. arbitration carried whole network. trading node disagrees with the execution result derivative contracts, can apply for the arbitration carried the whole network which can safeguard the equity fortuna. lifelong credit record. every node fortuna will have lifelong credit record based blockchain which can ensure the transparency, integrity and safety the credit records. self-disciplined algorithm. fortuna ecological decentralized platform which consists five functional roles including cot maker, trader, quoter, marker maker and delegate. all the definition, motivation and restriction setting the five roles fortuna are based algorithm instead the rules paper which can ensure the execution and the efficiency self-discipline the whole network. conclusion, fortuna will build trust network for otc derivatives market with consensus algorithm, smart contract, digitalized supervision, decentralized quote scheme, whole network arbitration, lifelong credit record, algorithmic self-discipline and other technical features. improve operational efficiency other than the credit risk and trust problem, the low operational efficiency the otc derivatives market another core problem. for example, the process otc option transaction has steps least and requires manual operations many steps, which turns out inefficient process. therefore, one the core problems otc derivatives market the operational efficiency problem. fortuna introduces blockchain-based solution for this problem. contract creation and signature. fortuna introduces structured smart contract which optimized meet the demand operational efficiency. there are three layers the smart contract: main contract, contract template and contract. lower layer contract will inherit all the clauses the contract higher layer and each layer will set their own class clauses. structured smart contract will improve the efficiency the contract creation and signature step. quote broadcast blockchain. fortuna replaces the traditional way price quoting, which requires contact with every potential counterparty one one through telephone email, with broadcast blockchain which can help reduce the cost communication and the response time. moreover, the credit record the trading node will attached the broadcast information which can improve the efficiency transaction further. automatic settlement with smart contract. fortuna utilizes the technical features smart contract improve the efficiency transaction settlement step. replacing manual settlement with programmable and automatic executable smart contract will shorten the time and reduce the potential errors. data supervision blockchain. fortuna utilizes the technical features blockchain and decentralized network improve the quality and efficiency data supervision. for example, with fortuna, there need for the regulator send audit requirements each institution while worrying about the quality, timeliness and veracity data sent institutions. conclusion, fortuna will improve the efficiency and quality the work such contract creation and signature, price quoting, transaction settlement and data supervision based the technical features blockchain and the optimization smart contract technology. increase the liquidity the third core problem otc derivatives market the liquidity problem due three factors follows. the foreign exchange control policy restricted the connection between chinese market and international market. the personalized contract hard for secondary trading nature. the lack trust limited the number participants which restrict the liquidity the whole otc derivatives market. fortuna introduces solution for this problem based blockchain technology. unify the exchange media with crypto-token fota. fortuna introduces new kind crypto which called fota unify the exchange media the platform. all the participants around the world should trade derivatives using fota fortuna regardless the physical and multi-currency barriers. support prc and puc trading mode. fortuna not only introduces structured smart contract with three layers, but also supports two kinds trading mode: prc and puc. prc mode will enable every trading node fortuna launch peer-to-peer derivative transaction without any cost agency. puc mode offer opportunities for every node fortuna market maker and create new market for new type derivative which can bring profit for the creator related the trading volume the new derivative contract. puc similar the standardized contracts traded exchanges which have better liquidity. the biggest difference between puc and the exchange traded contract that the exchange-traded contract designed and issued exchange, but fortuna, every node could design and issue any kinds derivative contract their demand. three dimensional innovations other than providing solutions for the three core problems otc derivatives market, fortuna can also make difference through three dimensional innovations for otc derivatives market follows. support more precise and specific derivatives smaller granularity level. support new class underlying assets. support more participants utilize hedging scientific risk management tool. smaller granularity level the majority the derivatives are designed for the majority the participants. however, many investors need some derivatives smaller granularity level manage their risk more precise and more specifically. for example, s&p index futures are good for majority the investors, but there are still lot demand making s&p smaller index that investors can take more targeted hedging strategy manage the risk their portfolios. furthermore, the factors that can affect the price underlying assets are abundant and investors may have more precise prediction and analysis these single factor rather than the price the underlying asset. for example, company occupied international trade between china and america. the ceo the company predicted that trump would the president u.s. and believed that the result could affect the foreign exchange rates and the international trades. however, the only way could manage the risk the finical market trade foreign exchange derivatives hedge the risk, but there are some problems with this way. first all, the reaction chain too long. take the international trade company example, the result the presidential election can determine whether trump has the right name new chairman fed. the new chairman fed can affect the monetary policy which can impact the foreign exchange rate further. the reaction chain too long which leads lower precision hedging. second, other than the presidential election, there are too many factors affecting the foreign exchange which means even the ceo predicts the election result correctly, may not benefit from the derivatives trading the financial market. third, the presidential election will not only affect the foreign exchange but also the tariff policy and other policies that will affect the international trades between china and america. the ceo can trade the foreign exchange derivatives hedge the risk for the assets accumulated history. however, there vehicles traditional market for him hedge the risk the whole business international trades the future. for the three problems described above, fortuna supports new types derivatives smaller granularity level which can enable investors hedgers trade derivatives single factor such the monetary policy, tariff policy, presidential election, etc. new type derivatives smaller granularity level will new way for investors hedge the risk more precisely. new underlying assets the majority traditional underlying assets derivatives are commodity and financial securities. however, all kinds areas permeated with internet and technique, there are many new classes assets coming into being and the derivatives for the risk management will definitely developed afterwards. for example, thousands crypto-tokens around the world based blockchain technology has been popular for several years. there great demand the derivatives for the crypto-tokens. actually, the cme has just announced that will publish the btc futures officially. for example, micro-amount consumer finance through the internet developing rapidly the last few years around the world. the derivatives for the credit assets accumulated those internet consumer finance companies are necessary and important. the new technology developed, there will more and more scenarios and cases just like the examples above. the derivatives and risk management will great demand those areas afterwards. and fortuna will enable every node throughout the blockchain create new types derivatives with new types underlying assets which will make the otc derivatives market whole new market the future. higher availability hedging traditional derivatives markets are not friendly many investors for two reasons follows. first all, high threshold financial knowledge. the majority investors are not familiar with the derivatives market because the complex deal structures and professional terms. however, the demand for risk management shows everywhere for every investor even they don't realize and being blocked the high threshold financial knowledge. second, high requirement initial deposit. take the stock index futures china example, the initial account deposit requirement rmb which turns out high requirement for the majority investors china. although high requirement initial deposit effective way protect the investors blocking them out, there will another way protect the investors while enabling them utilize the derivatives hedge their risk. for the higher threshold financial knowledge and initial deposit, fortuna supports more friendly vehicles for risk management through lowering the requirement initial deposit, simplifying the deal structure, standardizing contract clauses, introducing new asset class and other effective means. fortuna can make more and more investors know and get used hedging for risk management. blockchain for supervision sophisticated regulation system and self-discipline mechanism necessary condition for mature financial market. new technology, blockchain could provide whole new way for supervision. build self-disciplined community based blockchain. fortuna creates ecosystem with five functional roles including cot maker, trader, quoter, market maker and delegate. the ecosystem balanced through role definition, interaction and motivation design which based fota tool for punishment and reward. furthermore, the whole self-disciplined mechanism programmable and automatic executable based algorithm. data supervision. fortuna supports transparent, real time, and full dose trading data supervision based blockchain. moreover, there need for regulation department send audit and data requirement each institution and worrying about the quality, timeliness and accuracy the data provided different institutions. fortuna can create new approach improve the quality and efficiency data supervision otc derivatives market. inspiration for regulation. the new features structured smart contract, digitalized trading fund supervision, arbitration driven consensus algorithm and other core features fortuna could bring lot inspirations for the current regulation scheme otc derivatives market. lifelong credit record. based blockchain technology, fortuna will record every node's behavior information including price quoting, contract execution, default, arbitration, etc. the credit record will safeguarded, lifelong and transparent the whole blockchain. fortuna will utilize and optimize the core technical features blockchain offer tools and inspirations for the regulation and self-discipline mechanism for otc derivatives market. economic model fortuna first and foremost, open source project based blockchain, fortuna owned every nodes the chain. moreover, fortuna will not charge any nodes for any kinds fee and all the potential fee will charged nodes offering different kinds services. fortuna will introduce utility-based crypto token, fota, which will used the exchange media for the derivatives trading. the total amount fota will billion. for example, there contract template created cot maker and the cot set its transaction fee standard. all the transaction fee from the concreate contracts produced this cot will distributed three type serving nodes: node type description cot maker could benefit from the commission the contract cot maker created and traded under the cot(contract template). quoter fortuna will get fota based their shares quoter quoter corporation providing price quoting service for trading activities. delegates elected whole network each round based dposa consensus algorithm will get certain percentile the delegate commission from the contract stored the blocks which produced delegates. moreover, there are many kinds roles fortuna could make profit through the decentralized platform and this all-win mechanism design would beneficial for the sustainable development fortuna. roles sources profit fortuna will newly issue whole fota reward for all delegate the delegates producing blocks store data. under the puc trading mode, every node could market market maker maker earn the bid-ask spread fota. fvls nodes will provide fota value locking service for the trading nodes ensure that the fota value compared with other fvls crypto-tokens currencies will the same during the contract period. fvls will good tool for risk management and fvls nodes will charge for it. technology this chapter will introduce the architecture fortuna and the details four layers including bottom layer, core component layer, platform service component layer and application layer. moreover, the structured smart contract, multi-roles definition, decentralized quote scheme and the life cycle prc/puc contracts are detailed. dposa discussed optimized version dpos consensus algorithm. the meaning fvls analyzed and the compliance filtering scheme given the last part. fortuna architecture the architecture fortuna follows. applications for hedge wallet for wallet for web wallet for mobile services the platform cot creation prc trade puc trade market maker quote corporation fvls price alert core components contract structure role definition quote scheme fortuna blockchain main contract virtual machine dposa consensus algorithm network transmission storage bottom layer there are many advantages building application based existing blockchain, such lowering the technical threshold, improving developing efficiency, automatic iteration, etc. however, fortuna still choose build complete blockchain from scratch because optimized and independent blockchain will more appropriate for the global otc derivatives market which needs eight core features least follows. feature bitcoin ethereum fabric qtum application ecosystem virtual machine crypto token quote scheme tps scalable smart contract upgrade search core component layer the core component layer fortuna consists structured smart contract, role definition and decentralized quote scheme. structured smart contract order meet the special requirements otc derivatives market, fortuna introduces structured smart contract with three layers including main contract layer, cot (contract template) layer and contract layer. the structured smart contract design can improve the operational efficiency for contract creation, matching, signature and clearing reducing the repetitive work. moreover, there are two kinds contract the contract layer: prc (private contract) and puc (public contract). prc trading mode will enable every user fortuna launch peer-to-peer derivative contract transaction without any transaction cost. puc trading mode offers opportunities for every user fortuna market maker and create new market for new type derivative which can bring profit for the creator related the trading volume the new derivative. role definition and interaction design fortuna builds healthy ecosystem through the role definition and interaction design. there are five functional roles fortuna which are cot maker, trader, quoter, market maker and delegate. based the motivation design with fota and the cooperation mechanism design the five roles, the decentralized system for otc derivative market can develop healthy and sustainable way. decentralized quote scheme decentralized network for otc derivatives market based blockchain technology, fortuna needs support price quoting service which can provide the price underlying assets for settlement and clearing derivatives contracts. all the nodes fortuna can quoter node after the qns (quote name service) verification. every quoter needs member (quote corporation) order provide the price quoting service some kinds underlying assets. every quoter has equities and will benefit from the profit based the equities owned. moreover, equity redistribution mechanism introduced for motivating all the quoter nodes fulfill their duties and prohibiting the exit scam risk. platform service layer cot creation all the nodes fortuna can create its own cot (contract template) and the cot needs confirm the underlying asset, deal structure and other elements transaction. cot creator needs deposit some fota guarantee that will not something that harmful for other nodes and the whole platform, such creating lot useless cot. cot creator will benefit from the commission related the trading volume the contracts under the cot. prc trading fortuna introduces prc (private contract) trading mode which will enable every user fortuna launch peer-to-peer derivative transaction without any cost agency. prc should define the settlement time, delivery price, margin ratio, price derivative, short long position and other elements transaction. puc trading fortuna introduces puc (public contract) trading mode which can offer opportunities for every user fortuna market maker and create new market for new type derivative contract which can bring profit for the creator related the trading volume the new contract. puc should define the settlement time, delivery price, margin ratio, price derivative, market maker and other elements transaction. market making puc will choose node the market maker for itself and the market maker can earn the bid-ask spread from the market making activities. the other hand, market maker needs deposit some fota guarantee that can provide liquidity for the market. price quoting lot quote corporations will provide price quoting service underlying assets for the settlement derivatives transaction otc market and will charge for service. all the quoters quoter corporation will benefit from the whole profit the corporation based the equities owned quoters. fvls decentralized platform for hedging, the most important meaning fortuna help investors manage the risk their portfolio. fota, the only exchange medium fortuna, can help fortuna embrace the international liquidity regardless physical and multi-currency barriers. however, the fluctuation the value fota will post negative influence the efficiency risk management which will damage the meaning hedging. therefore, fortuna introduces kind service which called fvls (fota value locking service). fvls can help users trade derivatives without the influence the fluctuation fota value and fortuna will charge for flvs reasonable level. application layer order provide great user experience, fortuna will publish different versions wallet and platform for pc, web and mobile phones satisfy users' requirements about security, efficiency and availability. addition, light application allows users only need download the head the block instead the whole block while supporting secure block access for user create cot/prc/puc and trade the derivatives fortuna. fortuna ecosystem the whole ecosystem fortuna follows. the whole ecosystem fortuna built fortuna blockchain and three core components including structured smart contract, decentralized quote scheme, role definition and interaction design. cot maker can create all kinds contract templates under the unified main contract. the cot created will define the underlying asset, the deal structure and the chosen quote corporation. contract trader can create prc and search for the counterparty trade. alternatively, contract trader can create puc under cot launch long short trading activities with other nodes. quoter quote corporation can provide price quoting service for one kind underlying asset and the quoted price would the basis for settlement transactions. market maker will provide liquidity for the puc and the delegates elected dposa consensus algorithm will produce blocks for storing data. fortuna will develop healthy and sustainable way through the cooperation all the roles and the motivation design based fota the punishment reward. structured smart contract the structured smart contract fortuna follows. fortuna main contract contract template prc prc puc puc cot prc puc cot prc puc puc ... prc ... fortuna main contract the fortuna main contract the only main contract accepted fortuna and the clauses are similar the main contract nafmii, sac and other self-regulatory organization for otc derivatives. every trader fortuna will sign the main contract before they start trading activities and will come agreement about the constitution contracts, efficacy level contracts, duty payment and delivery, definition default, default management, definition termination, interest, compensation, expense, arbitration and other non-transactional elements. contract template contract template called cot and all the users fortuna can create their own cot with different underlying assets (commodities, currencies, bonds, stocks, credit assets, crypto-tokens, events, etc.), deal structures (forwards, swaptions, american options, european options, lmsr, etc.), restrictive clauses and other core elements transactions. every cot can produce lot contracts. prc private contract called prc and prc kind derivative contract which appropriate for peer peer trading mode. prc will inherit all the clauses the corresponding cot and will define the settlement time, delivery price, margin ratio, contract price, short/long direction and other elements transaction. prc has disadvantages liquidity and matching efficiency, but has the advantages peer peer trading and lower cost agencies. puc public contract called puc and puc kind derivative contract which appropriate for trading mode requiring the participation market makers. the creator the corresponding cot the market maker default unless the creator choose another node the market maker for the puc under the cot. puc will inherit all the clauses the corresponding cot and will define the settlement time, delivery price, margin ratio, contract price and other elements transactions. puc very similar the contracts traded the derivatives exchange. however, the biggest difference between them that the standardized contracts traded exchange designed and published exchanges and users can make changes. the contrary, puc are designed and created users fortuna. another big difference that the commission the standardized contracts traded exchange all for the exchanges while the commission puc will all belong the cot creators. therefore, although the puc has the feature great liquidity with market making, the puc new type derivative contract compared with the contracts traded exchanges. role definition five kinds roles fortuna are follows. cot maker all the users could create their own cot while defining the deal structure and underlying assets liberty. cot maker needs assign quote corporation provide the price quoting service the chosen underlying asset. cot maker will benefit from the trading volume the contracts under the cot. this kind mechanism will motivate cot maker nodes create reasonable and popular cot gain more profits. cot maker needs deposit certain amount fota guarantee that will not damage the ecosystem fortuna, such creating lot useless cot. contract trader all the users with fota can trade all kinds derivatives fortuna manage the risk portfolio. all the users can choose cot and create corresponding prc puc define all kinds elements transaction. all the users can trade with other users trust network based blockchain technology. all the contract traders should deposit certain amount fota according the margin ratio required contracts. price quoter all the users can apply quoter. node can quoter only can pass the qns verification (quote name service, verify the efficiency the interface provided the quoter node for price quoting). quoter node must attend least one quote corporation start providing price quoting services and pay certain amount fota for the equities quote corporation. all the contracts will invoke price quoting service provided quote corporation and quote corporation will produce quote matrix calculate the final result through the svd consensus algorithm. quoter will gain its proportion profits the corresponding quote corporation based the equities owned. the equities quote corporation will redistribute based the behaviors the quoters this quote corporation. quoter can sell its equities back the corresponding quote corporation for fota when the quoter quit. market maker provides market making service for puc and needs deposit certain amount fota margin. market maker makes profits through the bid-ask spread market making. the creator the corresponding cot will market maker default. delegate delegate can produce blocks well keep trading records. for each block produced, the delegate will rewarded with certain amount fota. there are total delegates the whole network, which are elected based the dposa algorithm. until the contracts and quotes are written into the block, delegate cannot view their contents. decentralized quoting scheme the quoting mechanism, mechanism providing the current market price underlying assets, needs minimize risks from malicious entities and provide adequate incentives for quoters post high-quality quotes the same time. fortuna equipped with svd-based decentralized quoting mechanism that can prevent market manipulation from small number malicious entities effective way. the meantime, introduces "quote corporation", which uses incentive scheme that analogous corporate governance and equity redistribution, motivating quoters provide high-quality quotes continuously. the detail mechanism described below: the overall scheme the overall scheme fortuna's decentralized quoting mechanism follows: joining quote corporation every node the network can become quoter once certified qns (quote name service). quoter needs join one more quote corporation (qc) before can post any quotes. quoter can query the fqct catalogue find and join qcs that match the category quoting services provides. such exists, the new category will automatically created. quote corporation provide quoting services certain cycle, when multiple smart contracts that using the same qc's quoting service matures, the quoters this will provide independent quotes. the will compile quote matrix using all the quotes provided for each underlying asset all the quoters and obtain consensus price using the svd consensus algorithm. this consensus price will used for contract fulfillment. the details the svd consensus algorithm will described later sections. dynamic redistribution quote corporation equity after each cycle, the consensus algorithm will determine the consensus quote well every quoter's impact weight this cycle, which used indicator the quality its quotes. then the will set aside certain amount equity redistribute among all quoters according their impact weights, motivating them provide high-quality quotes actively. this equity redistribution mechanism will detailed later sections. svd-based consensus algorithm each cycle, for quote corporation that has quoters and underlying assets, quote matrix will constructed collecting all the quotes posted every quoter for every underlying asset. the quote matrix illustrated below. qc:a quote corporation :the quotes provided the x-th quoter :the quotes received the y-th underlying asset sxqc :the equity share possessed the x-th quoter cotk :the k-th contract template the quote matrix above, each row corresponds the quotes provided quoter the underlying assets and each column corresponds the quotes received the quoters for underlying asset. svd algorithm applied the quote matrix qnxm determine the consensus quotes and the impact weight each quoter follows. assume that there are eigenvalues qnxm represents the k-th eigenvalues, represents the k-th column qnxm qnxm qnxm qnxm ... qnxm then can have: ... ... ... qnxm then can calculate the eigen decomposition qnxm qnxm assume there group orthogonal basis ... qnxm qnxm (qnxm qnxm qnxm qnxm which means then |avi can have qnxm ... |vk+ ... ... ... finally qnxm svd(qnxm umxm mxn vnxn can have dmx take the first row centralize qnxm which means calculate the mean value each column qnxm nxm jnx meanxm (qnxm norm vnxm qnxm nxm norm cnx vnxm dmx after normalization, each item cnx positive and the weighed sum equals finally can get which the weight the current result based this, can get the consensus quotes quote matrix qnxm for the settlement transactions. equity governance and redistribution equity can bought quoter upon joining qc. correspondingly, can also sold upon exiting qc. however, order ensure its integrity incentive for providing high-quality quotes, equity allowed traded between quoters. the only channel for flow between quoters through the dynamic redistribution after each cycle, which based the quality and frequency the quotes provided each quoter quoter with better performance will rewarded with more equity. below are the detailed rules for the redistribution: quote corporation updated status for sxqc sqc sqc sxqc sqc sqc sxqc ...... snqc snqc snqc quote corporation updated status for sqc sqc sqc sqc ...... snqc snqc quote corporation updated status for syqc syqc sqc sqc syqc sqc sqc syqc ...... snqc snqc snqc qc:a quote corporation :quoter joins the :quoter exits the :the z-th cycle the consensus algorithm m:the amount fota that needs paid join the :the number quoters the before the update ':the number quoters the after the update :the total amount funds the before the update ':the total amount funds the after the update sxqc :the fraction equity shares possessed quoter before the update sxqc ':the fraction equity shares possessed quoter after the update :the fraction equity shares used for redistribution after each cycle wxz :the impact weight quoter after the z-th cycle below case example help illustrate the rules described above: suppose fot and quoter paid fota set new for certain category underlying assets. and owns the qc's equity shares. quoter paid fota join the qc. quoters and now each owns total equity shares. quoter paid fota join and quoters and each owns one third the total shares. quoter also paid fota join. now and each owns the total shares. suppose the end cycle, quoters and ended with impact weights and respectively. after the redistribution, their equity share percentages became %x(-%)+%x%=%, %x(-%)+%x%=%, %x(-%)+%x%=% and %x(-%)+%x%=%. quoter exits the qc. upon the exit, all its equity shares would bought back the qc. because the had total fund fota (paid and upon their entry), the shares would sold for fota. these shares would released quoters and proportionally. the end, the fraction equity shares owned and would and continuous quoting and close out alert there are two types quotes that quoter can provide terms the contract trading structure: discrete and continuous. under certain trading structure, the trading contract requires continuous quoting service order monitor the deposit accounts both parties real time and issue alert when they need close out. therefore, fortuna will rigorously scrutinize quoters who provide continuous quoting services make sure they can provide robust and continuous services continuously. see the details the figure below: quoter who provides continuous quoting/close out/alert services needs closely monitor there any active contract that requires alert/close out. let call such quoter qx. below how functions: provides various types continuous real-time services including registration, notification, real-time inquiry, close out check, etc; will check the current block contains deals that need alerted for close out and write them into the local contract list; node will inquire third-party prices real-time and compare with the alerted close out prices the local contracts. the alert/close out condition applies, the alert/close out will executed immediately; the deposit requirement can dramatically increase the cost malicious activities and potentially minimize them. contract life cycle depending their types, contracts have different life cycles. this section will describe the life cycles prc and puc detail. life cycle prc prc useful for customized contracts, its life cycle shown the picture below: phase i:cot created phase ii:prc created phase iii:broadcast phase iv:prc signed phase v:quote phase vi:audit phase vii:clearing phase viii:prc mature cot created: contract template created the cot maker, specifying the anchored underlying assets, deal structure and quote corporation. the template submitted and will written into block. until then, the template invisible. prc created: based the template, trader will create concrete prc, which defines various key elements the deal such the delivery time, deal price, unit, deposit percentage, contract price, trading direction, etc. the contract submitted and written into block. until then, the contract invisible, which similar creating prc contract template. please see the figure below for illustration. broadcast: inquiry and quoting are done broadcasting over the whole network. parties who are interested the contract will respond the broadcast. inquiry will broadcasted the trading direction specified "buy-in" and quoting will broadcasted the trading direction specified "sell-out". prc signed: party responds the broadcast and signs the contract with its creator. then both parties pay certain amount contract fee well deposits, which enacts the contract effectively. quote: upon the delivery date specified the prc contract, the contract will utilize the quote corporation specified its template and inquires the price for the corresponding underlying assets. the quote corporation will determine consensus result based the svd algorithm and provide for the contract fulfillment. audit: both parties the deal needs confirm and agree the contract fulfillment conditions. either party refuses the conditions, can request for audit all the nodes the network. this case, price inquiry will done all the nodes instead the qc. note that, the party who requested the audit will pay certain amount audit fee. however, the audit successful, the audit fee will covered the qc. clearing: after both parties confirmed the contract fulfillment conditions, they will clear the deal paying off their balances. the deposits will refunded them after that. prc mature: upon the clearing, the contract finishes its life cycle. the meantime, fortuna will keep record the behaviors all relevant entities this contract, which can used construct credit database. life cycle puc puc contracts are useful for risk hedging deals and require market makers the deal. their life cycles are very similar those prc contracts, with some differences the and phases. the and phases prc are broadcasting inquiry/quoting and contract signing which are suitable for direct signing the customized contracts. however, the and phases puc provide initial liquidity market makers and open the floor for whole network trading, which essentially market maker trading mode. phase i:cot created phase ii:puc created phase iii:market making phase iv:trading phase v:quote phase vi:audit phase vii:clearing phase viii:puc mature cot created: contract template created the cot maker, specifying the anchored underlying assets, deal structure and quote corporation. the template submitted and will written into block. until then, the template will invisible. puc created: based the template, trader will create concrete puc, which defines various key elements the deal such the delivery time, deal price, unit, deposit percentage, contract price, trading direction, etc. this contract will also specify its market maker (it will the creator the contract default).the contract submitted and written into block. until then, the contract invisible. market making: the market maker designated the puc pays the liquidity deposit and provide market making service for the deals specified the puc. the market maker needs refill the deposit account once its balance too low. the market maker can earn profit through the ask-bid spread market making activities. trading: any user with fota the platform can participate the trading specified the puc. participate, user needs pay certain amount deposit and transaction fee. the main difference between the life cycles puc and prc contracts lies the market making and trading phases. the former follows the market maker trading mode, which all users can participate the trading with market makers; the latter uses whole network broadcasting for quoting and inquiry. once two parties are matched during the broadcasting, -to- customized contract will signed between them. this difference illustrated the figure below: quote: upon the delivery date specified the puc contract, the contract will utilize the quote corporation specified its template and inquires the price for the corresponding underlying assets. the quote corporation will determine consensus result based the svd algorithm and provide for the contract fulfillment. audit: both parties the deal needs confirm and agree the contract fulfillment conditions. either party refuses the conditions, can request for audit all the nodes the network. this case, price inquiry will done all the nodes instead the qc. note that, the party who requested the audit will pay certain amount audit fee. however, the audit successful, the audit fee will covered the qc. clearing: after both parties confirmed the contract fulfillment conditions, they will clear the deal paying off their balances. the deposits will refunded them after that. puc mature: upon the clearing, the contract finishes its life cycle. the meantime, fortuna will keep record the behaviors all relevant entities this contract, which can used construct credit database. dposa consensus algorithm ensure the security and orderliness the whole block chain, block can only generated upon certain consensus. the consensus algorithm one the key elements block chain. terms the choice the consensus algorithms, block chains face the same challenge all distributed systems the cap principle, i.e., only two the three following properties can achieved the same time: consistency, availability and partition-tolerance. correspondingly, all block chains can only excel two the following three aspects: energy efficiency, decentralization and security. the commonly used consensus algorithms are pow, pos, dpos and pbft. their performances terms these three aspects are shown below: pow: proof work, generate new block through massive hash computations which result appropriate random number. this most secure mechanism. but also comes with the highest energy cost. pos: proof stake, reduces the difficulty for block generation according the amount and time tokens possessed, which also greatly reduces the energy cost pow. however, its security sacrificed and susceptible bifurcation. dpos: delegate proof stake. certain number delegates are elected voting. these delegates will generate blocks certain sequence, which greatly reduced the number verification nodes that are needed. this mechanism, deal verification greatly accelerated with sacrifice security. however, the system becomes more centralized. pbft: practical byzantine fault tolerance. token required this mechanism, making suitable for alliance chains. after weighing all the pros and cons, fortuna decides use improved hybrid dpos algorithm for consensus determination, establishing secure and efficiency consensus mechanism. besides increased centralization, dpos has another obvious problem: the voting rights are controlled users with more fota, which marginalized the roles other users with less fota. overcome this issue, fortuna introduced active index, reflect how active user the platform. this purpose this active index encourage the active participation users; balance their financial contribution and activeness contribution. the active index calculated follows. cot prc puc ul:user activeness; tl:trading activeness; al:arbitrage activeness; cot :number cot created,the cot has used for least one deal; prc :number deals cleared under prc contracts; puc :number deals cleared under puc contracts; :number times serving market maker; :number times that the consensus result agrees with the arbitrage result; :number times that the consensus result differs from the arbitrage result. the delegates elected according the dposa each round will reach agreement the block generation sequence the nodes need reach agreement) before the blocks are generated. unless more than the delegates collaborate sabotage the system, bifurcation will occur. fota value locking service distributed risk hedging block chain platform, the purpose fortuna achieve rational risk management through decentralization. however, the only medium used the fortuna platform, fota actively traded the secondary market digital asset. will cause devastating damage the risk hedging trades its value unstable. therefore, fortuna introduces the fota value locking service (fvls) make sure risk hedging trades can completed under the stable fota value. use the exchange rate between fota and rmb example illustrate fvls. suppose user and signed simple risk hedging contract: each them pays fota deposit. will earn fota its expectation right, will lose fota otherwise. the trading modes with and without fvls are follows. hedging without fvls this case, upon the maturity the contract, a's judgement correct, will earn fota. receives fota (profit and deposit). but because fota devalued against rmb, the fota still worth the same the fota that was paid before the deal. effectively, user did not profit nor lose. hedging with fvls this case, the exchange rate between fota and rmb will locked fortuna until the delivery date the contract. the above scenario, when receives the fota, fortuna will offer extra fota user order offset the loss due change exchange rate between fota and rmb. the flvs makes sure users can hedge without being affected the fluctuation fota value. when providing fvls, fortuna will execute trades the opposite position the secondary market achieve dynamic risk hedging and control the overall risk the platform. certain amount fee needs paid the user for this service. compliance filter for the purpose compliance and sustainable development, fortuna will set compliance filter. its details are below: types filter rules: the categories compliance filters includes type (filter based the certain contract template), asset type (filter the type underlying assets), deal attribute type (filter certain attribute the deal, for example, the lower limit the deposit fraction), entity type (filter the entities the deals, i.e. blocking any deal with certain entity) enactment/invalidation filter rules: compliance filter rule needs the agreement the whole network enact. certain rules may invalided under certain circumstances, such setting error, reopening. upon the enactment the compliance filter rules: the rules will added into the blocks. before new template created, the platform will query these rules. any rule matched, the contract template cannot created. after each iteration the compliance filter rules, the platform will scan all existing contract templates. any template that are not compliant will removed. think that comprehensive compliance filter system the foundation for the sustainable development fortuna. therefore, our business grows, will update this system timely manner, keeping the platform thrive healthy, lawful and compliant track. project core member core member: brian cai brian graduated from yale university, majored computer science. has worked new york, london, hong kong and shanghai, occupied investment banking, corporate finance and private banking. before launching fortuna, was managing over billion usd the director private banking department zhejiang provincial branch bocomm, which national bank china. brian takes charge the strategy design and implementation fortuna. core member: z.t. luan z.t. received his m.s. computer science from yale university and m.s. mathematical finance from university chicago. based chicago, has served quantitative analyst large financial institutes and day trader proprietary trading firm. has worked for occ, the only clearing house for all u.s. equity options and other derivatives. z.t. takes charge the functional optimization fortuna. core member: andy yang andy has worked tencent and baidu. entered quantitative investment industry responsible for the development high-frequency trading system and the design quantitative products well-known hedge fund company shanghai. has managed team traders. andy takes charge the trading system design fortuna. core member: jason tao jason has worked microsoft research asia, alibaba cloud, taobao and other famous enterprise. was responsible for developing the yun operating system during the working period alibaba cloud and responsible for developing ivr technology and crm platform during the working period taobao. jason has entered blockchain industry since and has lot experience developing blockchain with deep understanding the whole technical system blockchain. jason takes charge the whole architecture design and implementation fortuna. core member:tony zhang tony gained his master degree from zhejiang university. has worked huawei, nokia, alibaba cloud, alipay and taobao. was responsible for the network security including the hardware firewall and utm during the working period huawei and was responsible for and ipoa network transmission during the working period nokia. has been occupied the development yun operating system alibaba cloud and took charge the implementation fingerprint payment alipay. with lot experience network security, tony takes charge the security mechanism design and implementation fortuna. core member: ellen liu ellen received her b.a. from the school journalism and communication, tsinghua university. she held master's degree from yale university and was awarded the swire scholarship antony's college, the university oxford. she was research associate the paul tsai china center yale law school and worked for the brookings-tsinghua center for public policy. ellen takes charge the public relations and business development fortuna. core member: sophie shi sophie received her m.a. statistics from columbia university. prior joining fortuna, she has worked for banff centre canada nomura hong kong and marshall stevens and mckinsey new york from sophie takes charge the operation fortuna. core member: cong lee cong gained his ph.d. from yale university, majored computational biology and bioinformatics. has been awarded yale world scholarship and yale graduate student travel award. the reviewer annals statistics, member american statistical association, member international biometric society. with profound algorithm and statistics basis, cong takes charge the core algorithm design fortuna. strategic partners roadmap fota allocation plan reference satoshi nakamoto. bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. http://marketvoicemag.org/sites/default/files/march__volume_survey.pdf http://www.cfachina.org/yjycb/hysj/ydjy//t_.html http://www.cfachina.org/cxfw/zgsyw/ywgzzgs//t_.html http://www.bis.org/publ/otc_hy.pdf []https://static.squarespace.com/static/dbbebdcafba/t/ecebdfbce a//yale_endowment_.pdf https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~venkatg/teaching/cstheory-infoage/book-chapter-.pdf http://motherboard.vice.com/read/darknet-slang-watch-exit-scam. logarithmic market scoring rules for modular combinational informaiton aggregation. http://mason.gmu.edu/~rhanson/mktscore.pdf simple introduction cap theorem http://ksat.me/a-plain-english-introduction-to-captheorem/ http://www.investopedia.com/terms/h/hedge.asp wikipedia. pos. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proof-of-stake. wikipedia. pow. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proof-of-work_system. vitalik buterin. ethereum white paper next-generation smart contract and decentralized application platform.