fortknoxster whitepaper what happens fortknoxster stays fortknoxster. version august "if you spend more coffee than security, you will hacked for sure." quote: richard clarke, government cyber-security expert. fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service (c) all rights reserved. disclaimer the information provided this document provided "as is" without warranty any kind. event shall nor our advisors liable for any damages whatsoever including direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, loss business profits special damages, even our advisors have been advised the possibility such damages. document lifetime may occasionally update online documentation between releases the related software. consequently, this document was not downloaded recently, may not contain up-to-date information. please refer www.fortknoxster.com for the most current information. product information for documentation, release notes, software updates, for information about products, licensing, and service, please refer https://fortknoxster.com https://t.me/fortknoxster https://medium.com/fortknoxster. technical support for technical support, please refer fortknoxster.com and select support. the support page you will see several options, including one for making request. your comments value your opinion. suggestions will help continue improve the accuracy, organization and overall quality the user publications, please feel free email hello@fortknoxster.com with any queries. you have comments questions about specific information procedures, please include the title and, available, the revision, the page numbers, and any other details that will help locate the subject that you are addressing. trademarks fortknoxster registered trademark fortknoxster ltd. |page (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service table contents executive summary ............................................................................................................... introduction ............................................................................................................................ challenge............................................................................................................................... what fortknoxster? ............................................................................................................ our mission statement ........................................................................................................ why use encryption? .......................................................................................................... why use blockchain? ......................................................................................................... our technology ................................................................................................................... fkx token utility.................................................................................................................... token generation event..................................................................................................... fortknoxster roadmap ....................................................................................................... our core team .................................................................................................................... final words ........................................................................................................................... appendix technology overview .................................................................................. appendix the gdpr regulation ................................................................................... appendix terms service............................................................................................. appendix privacy policy................................................................................................. |page (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service executive summary our world changing faster than ever and it's hard keep with new trends, buzz-words, and emerging technologies. the use the blockchain technology all-time-high. the number different crypto currencies are now counted the thousands, when comes different tokens, coins, digital assets whatever one chooses call them. unfortunately, the rate cyber-crimes also all-time-high and being online has never been unsafe now. hacks, mass-surveillance, espionage, virus, malware, phishing, extortion... the list attacks long, and keeps growing day day, the attackers are getting more sophisticated, aggressive and creative. fbi states that have entered cyber-crime epidemic and that cybercrimes have surpassed "normal" old-school crimes both force and damage. the team behind fortknoxster, who are experienced cyber-security and crypto engineers, has spent over years developing "fort knox" end-to-end encrypted communication platform. "fortknoxster has leveraged the use the blockchain and sophisticated end-to-end encryption techniques into userfriendly all-in-one communication platform, where users can communicate privately and safely, through inbox, chat, phone/video calls, file-storage etc. fortknoxster eliminates the risk hacks, cyber-threats and centralised government surveillance." fortknoxster the world's first all-in-one peer-to-peer encrypted communication platform. fortknoxster all you need communicate, interact and work safely online world dominated growing cyber-crimes. since day one, fortknoxster one the few token sales backed working product. |page (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service introduction fortknoxster cyber-security company, specialized developing secure and encrypted communication solutions. the company has developed unique encryption platform, which aimed the market and market. the platform comes e-a-a-s solution (encryption-as-a-service). fortknoxster has been designed with unique architecture and features, which enables everybody use our platform for all their communications and data-storage needs. fortknoxster addresses one the biggest challenges our modern society; protect communications and data from cyber-criminals and the same time maintain very high level privacy. new complex regulations, increasing adoption new technologies (iot, byod, cloud-services etc.) have fuelled the need for enhanced security and encryption more than ever. the new laws and regulations are very strict, and fortknoxster offers one the best "plug-and-play" solutions comply with most these new laws. fortknoxster can used anyone any time, regardless you being laptop/desktop on-the-go with your smartphone tablet. the fortknoxster platform has been penetration tested range good (and bad) hackers and "cypherpunks" worldwide and has "passed its exam", nobody has managed compromise our platform any way access any end-to-end encrypted accounts content. "encryption should enabled for everything default, not feature you turn only you're doing something you consider worth protecting. encryption the most important privacypreserving technology have." quote; bruce schneier, american cryptographer, computer security professional, privacy specialist and writer. |page (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service challenge online connection now essential for almost everybody, creating new opportunities for innovation, interaction with friends, family and business partners and global growth. cyber-crime, cyber-criminals and their tools are becoming more diverse and sophisticated. cyber-crime now comes variety forms, and unless consumers, businesses, and governments act now, cyber-crimes could threaten the fundament our society many devastating ways. the near future, ubiquitous computing technology pervades more our lives, these threats will grow. the intuitive interfaces that increasingly value and depend are often where all the problems arise. using the internet and communicating online, has never been unsafe now and gets worse every day. hackers pose huge threat with cybercrime forecast cost over trillion according juniper research. "cyber-crime the greatest threat every company the world" quote: ibm ceo ginni rometty today's cyber-criminals are often highly motivated professionals, well-funded competing enterprises, criminal organizations nation-states, which are persistent their efforts break through and damage the opponent much possible. according fresh pwc survey, both small and large enterprises have seen sharp rise online security breaches, reporting that over enterprises and smes suffered security breach last year. most executive respondents expect that there will more security incidents ahead and there "no good news" when talking about cyber-security (or lack of) the future. also, the cost the actual breaches continues soar and has more than doubled one year. average enterprise with employees, which experience online security breach, ends with net bill over million usd lost sales, business disruption, recovery assets, loss clients, fines compensations, etc. and adding this the damaged image and humiliation. |page (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service the last few years have heard much about the power big data, which allowing companies offer more tailored, targeted and personalised products and services than ever before. the benefit this the consumer may obvious, but raises many ethical questions, and not just when personal data the hands unscrupulous businesses. it's been clear for some time that data laws (or lack of) did damage consumers and their privacy and has resulted the enforcement the gdpr law. (general data protection regulation). the law aims give citizens more control over their data and create uniformity rules enforce across the continent. the huge challenges for most companies are now, how comply with this new rather strict law which kicked the may some the biggest companies our time like google and facebook have been created gathering and using user data its users advertise parties. everything you say inside these platforms gets recorded, stored, analysed and the main point having you there, make money your profile and whereabouts. add this the general mass surveillance most governments tracking and logging everything you online and stores forever. and even more intimidating these government servers get hacked all the time, your data the hands criminals... needless say, there are many potential dangers (and ethical issues) associated with the proliferation digital profiling, from hacking, discrimination, orwellian surveillance state. there's big difference between what companies could and should know. online activity leaves footprints log files, access entries data that created the systems they used. once these privacy controls are rolled back, internet service providers will able sell the information they capture about how you and your patrons use the internet. the loss online privacy making lot easier for it-criminals those giant companies regular basis get hacked and all (your) data are now the hands potential hostile organisations people who seek profit from your data. although can all find ways protect ourselves, the only real way avoid the tracking and "stealing" our data stop using these free services altogether and protect our communications with end-to-end encryption like fortknoxster. |page (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service what fortknoxster? fortknoxster one-stop communication, collaboration and file storage platform. think mix all your favourite (unsecure) everyday apps like skype, slack, telegram, dropbox, facetime, gmail etc. all gathered one top secure platform with the highest privacy you can achieve. the above-mentioned conventional apps are great, but they often come with many security challenges. first all, these services are free, "you are the product" meaning, all your data and communication are being read, stored, sold and often hacked where they are stored. there absolutely privacy most these companies' business models generate much income possible from selling (your) data the highest party bidder. fortknoxster your safe alternative, can't (nor can't anybody else) read your data communications all, because end-to-end encrypted. even could, our business model exactly the opposite most others, are the business protecting your data, not selling the highest bidder. fortknoxster extremely easy use requires extra plug-in instalments what ever. users are literally running within minutes and can start enjoy the extreme safety level and intuitive interface. also easy invite friends, family business-partners into the platform. fortknoxster was designed used everyone and hence there need for technical knowledge order use the platform. you want download the fortknoxster app, please click here. |page (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service fortknoxster main features: inbox messages are end-to-end encrypted and secure gets. send messages colleagues, friends, clients and business partners with peace mind. file storage store your valuable data encrypted and make sure stays yours. easy share and manage files and folders seamlessly. chat real-time secure chat for fast and instant communications. comes with voice messages, group chat and much more. video calling secure video calling without snooping from competitors external surveillance. the most private calling you can get both web and mobile. group conferencing collaborate securely chatting, calling, sharing files etc., via the group conferencing feature work smarter and more secure. screen sharing have developed encrypted screen-sharing extra valuable tool collaborate securely with partners and other parties. voice messages send quick voice messages without calling. saves time and the feature available both web and app platforms. intuitive web app the web app gives users total overview all communications and data. please see next page for the fortknoxster web app and native android and ios app previews. |page (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service fortknoxster web app |page (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service fortknoxster app for ios fortknoxster app for android (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service our mission statement "fortknoxster the most secure and privacy-oriented all-in-one peer-to-peer encrypted communication platform. fortknoxster protects your online privacy encrypting all your communication and data." (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service why use encryption? the word encryption comes from the greek word "kryptos", meaning "hidden" "secret". encryption used enhance security levels the highest possible. the use encryption nearly old the art communication itself. early bc, egyptian scribe used nonstandard hieroglyphs hide the meaning inscription. encryption way maximize the security i.e. email message, chat message, call file "scrambling" the contents. encryption basically process/method encoding messages information such way that only authorized parties can read it. encryption safe way for enterprises and military communicate privately and securely, without others (i.e. competitors) being able follow spy the communications. encryption also the primary tool that protects the communications anyone from big companies and governments small businesses and lawyers regular citizens. encryption protects infrastructures entire countries communications, power, transportation and healthcare systems, and businesses. eagerly moved into the era smart, connected devices, encryption (if used) protects our phone calls, text messages, emails, and cloud storage. with the advent the internet things, security experts call for the implementation strong encryption the iot products, which, when left unattended, could cause chaos individual households and larger infrastructures. when you hear the word encryption, the first thing that might come mind that it's something only techies geeks would understand, use. reality, the idea encryption isn't that complicated all and our platform has made very easy use encryption. encryption the best method safeguard your privacy. cryptographer and security and privacy specialist bruce schneier states: "encryption should enabled for everything default, not feature you only turn when you're doing something you consider worth protecting." (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service why use blockchain? blockchain decentralized and open distributed ledger, recording financial transactions (or virtually anything value) between two parties, peer-to-peer network. this continuously growing list records linked and secured with strong cryptography, making these transactions permanently verifiable and therefore incorruptible. "blockchain solves the problem manipulation" quote: vitalik buterin, inventor ethereum since the blockchain public verifiable, provides such security and transparency that makes ideal for many types security applications. fortknoxster take advantage these features which the blockchain technology provides, moving its centralized trust digital identities decentralized one, specifically the ethereum blockchain, using its smart contracts. trust vital importance and the most important elements any crypto infrastructure. the current model trust for digital identities fortknoxster centralized. this centralized trust model common challenge today, becomes single point failure. "centralizing identity creates single point failure and builds repository high value data that can attract hackers, and proper controls need place maintain integrity." quote: ibm blockchain idc report, "it was only matter time". the distributed trust model, utilizing blockchain, new way managing digital identities where the blockchain technology empowers users control their own digital identity and share and communicate between trusted individuals with their consent. therefore, single entity can compromise user's digital identity and there single point failure present. besides implementing secure and decentralized trust model fortknoxster's encrypted digital identities (the public keys); fortknoxster has built complete ecosystem using the fkx token and smart contracts the ethereum blockchain facilitate secure transactions subscription services and incentives participants. (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service our technology the following technical explanation fortknoxster's end-to-end encryption and describe detail the crypto designs and security using the ethereum blockchain with smart contracts and decentralized trust digital identities. more detailed description found the appendix section. fortknoxster secure web and native app communication and collaboration platform, which enables users exchange messages and files (including mails, attachments, chats, group chats, calls, documents, images, videos, voice messages, video messages, and files) securely using strong end-to-end encryption. fortknoxster, security and privacy have the highest priority. therefore, have built the fortknoxster encryption, privacy and secure architectures design. unlike most other online businesses, our main goal protect our users' privacy, which are very proud have achieved. the figure below illustrates how the end-to-end encryption happens between two users, through the fortknoxster servers the tls encrypted connection between the browser clients and the server. appendix describes detail how the inbox and chat message exchange, file storage and calling occur and what crypto operations are involved. fortknoxster has its own public key infrastructure (pki), which extends the ethereum blockchain. the blockchain the user's digital identity gets stored registry though computed merkle-tree, using smart contracts and (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service cannot get compromised single entity, not even the fortknoxster team. when user registers fortknoxster.com four sets rsa key-pairs are generated, two sets elliptic curve (ec) key-pairs and key protector(s) (one per private key) the client's browser. these encryption and identity key-pairs are used for different services and protocols. unlike other known encryption protocols, each fortknoxster's services protocols needs two sets key-pairs, one for encryption and decryption and one for signing and verification. the key protector used encrypt/wrap each private key which only known the user. the user's personal password used compute derived keys the client, the account password, and root keys. please note: the user's personal password only known the user and very important understand that the user's personal password and the root key are never ever sent the servers. the account password cryptographic hash the personal password using the pbkdf algorithm with sha- the hashing algorithm, which performs rounds hashing operations (key stretching) and takes the username@domain salt. the outcome strong password, which sent the server and stored another cryptographic hash using the bcrypt key derivation function. this password only used authenticate the user and cannot decrypt any the users' data. the root key computed the exact same way the account password but takes randomly generated salt and rounds hashing operations, and therefore computes completely different derived key. the root key forms -byte aes key which used encrypt/wrap key protector with aes-kw. this point each rsa and private key are encrypted/wrapped with aesgcm with the -byte key protector, which locked the -byte root key, each forming key container. all the public keys and protected key containers are sent the server during the registration, along with the user details, account password and digital identity. the digital identity constructed like this (in the client browser): (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service digital identity user signature where the signature computed like this: signature sign(user public key fingerprint, private identity key) separate session established the fortknoxster server, where blockchain client node runs. the node receives the digital identity from the user and creates new transaction the blockchain containing the digital identity store the smart contract registry. the above figure illustrates, newly signed user alice, setting its digital identity. the figure also illustrates, the retrieval bob's digital identity for verification, before any encrypted communication link can established. bob will also have done this verification alice's digital identity beforehand. (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service fortknoxster enforces decentralized trust identities using ethereum blockchain smart contracts and ipfs decentralized network storage the identity objects. these identities consist self-signed object containing the user and the user's public identity key, which are inserted into merkle-tree, who's root hash finally stored smart contract the ethereum blockchain. when fortknoxster's users connect with each other, they cryptographically sign each other contacts, they establish trusted communication link between them, which can finally verified through the blockchain guaranteeing, that any user's public keys fact come from the claimed user and therefore prevent mitm attacks. this common cryptographic problem, trust that the public keys belonging specific person. most available solutions consist centralized approach, such certificate authorities, but fortknoxster uses decentralized approach, using the ethereum blockchain, ipfs and selfsigned contacts solve this problem. (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service fkx token utility the fortknoxster utility token ($fkx) used for purchasing various services and for incentivizing users for different rewards achieved. the fkx utility token has clear and important usage our application, means both incentivizing further development and securing our ability run and market fortknoxster worldwide. the fkx token serves the purpose being required order use fortknoxster's pro features and obtain extra encrypted cloud storage. fixed supply mill. fkx was generated during the token distribution. ledger the blockchain was created maintaining the fkx token, following the erc- standard and allowing secure mechanism for transferring fkx other participants. signing fortknoxster free and free encrypted storage allocated. users fortknoxster who own fkx tokens, can upgrade their account purchasing pro subscription obtain: extra encrypted storage screen sharing group conference manage unlimited group chats manage unlimited folder shares fortknoxster plans introduce other pro subscription features the future. the following screenshot illustrates pro upgrade checkout step the fortknoxster web app, where the pro plan can customized fit the storage needs. further illustrates clear overview the free features versus the pro features. (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service fortknoxster currently supports payment with the following wallets: leger hardware wallet metamask software wallet mobile wallets with erc- token support other external wallets with erc- token support check out our full guide how upgrade your fortknoxster account pro. the below screenshot illustrates the pro checkout step with the -year pro subscription for fkx including free storage. additional storage has cost fkx per the yearly subscription. all prices are subject change any time without further notice. the current prices are available when accessing your fortknoxster account from desktop browser here https://web.fortknoxster.com/. prices illustrated this white paper may only valid the moment writing. (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service further contribute the fkx ecosystem, incentive earning-plans will launched such as: referral users get rewarded with fkx tokens, referring friends, family and business contacts the fortknoxster platform through invitation. bug bounty users can also get rewarded with fkx tokens submitting valid security reports the bug with poc (proof concept). (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service token generation event the token generation event ended mar cet. (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service fortknoxster roadmap (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service our core team mickey joe nathan johnnysson rasmus birger christiansen ceo co-founder partner co-founder strong analytical mindset has served mickey well his years full-stack software developer. his major passions are computer engineering, crypto and blockchain. along with degree engineering, rasmus has years' experience within telecommunications. he's privacy-advocate heart, strong leader and cyber-security professional. rene krainert billy krepper cfo cto rene has been accountant and financial controller for almost years. has strong background within finance and accounting, both hands-on controller, strategic planner and excel guru. coming from scientific family, billy's satisfaction comes solving complex problems. billy has more than years professional experience and always staying hungry for new challenges. (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service niels christian sorensen christian zwergius head systems infrastructure senior developer niels christian has more than years experience information technology, network, embedded platforms and sip telephony making him the guy when comes server infrastructure. born and raised denmark, christian engineer with eye for detail. always the lookout for the next hot thing the ever-evolving tech world. emin roblack julia carboneras girgas head design marketing specialist julia marketing specialist. with penchant for design, graphics obsessed with measuring, automating and animations, has imitable and optimising results. his growth talent for converting simple ideas into hacking secret not about magic but complex graphics. hard work, best practices, scientific approach and rigour. (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service advisor david orban henok tekle blockchain expert blockchain expert david entrepreneur, author, blogger, keynote speaker, and thought leader the global technology landscape. his entrepreneurial accomplishments span several companies founded and grown over more than twenty years. hen prominent cryptocurrency angel investor, content creator, thought leader, and advisor token projects. hen frequent attendee and speaker blockchain gatherings and has also founded and managed several cryptocurrency communities. stig abildso eddy heij entrepreneur investor entrepreneur investor stig has built several danish companies from scratch successful exits within the sector. the ultimate entrepreneur. eddy expert digital media, marketing, big-data and branding. eddy, who dutch, also has vast entrepreneurial experience and investor, advisor, speaker, author and blockchain enthusiast. (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service michael vivet senior consultant michael assisting with strategical and tactical counselling, well backend and service development. (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service final words fortknoxster founded danish entrepreneurs and cyber-security experts, with extensive experience the field online security and cyberdefence. the founders have already established proof concept. the fortknoxster platform has huge, scalable worldwide potential. the world's first end-to-end encryption platform, offering turnkey encryption with large suite features including blockchain implementation. the combination our team, business model, the extremely scalable market potential and the rising cyber-security demand from both individuals and enterprises, will make fortknoxster market-leading player within the cyber-security field. utilizing our advanced cryptographic solutions combined with the power the blockchain's decentralized structure, fortknoxster will help make the world safer place and will dominate the global encryption market being the "go-to" encryption solution anywhere and for everybody. (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service appendix technology overview key terms below the list key terms used throughout the technology explanations. all key materials are generated using csprng (cryptographically secure pseudo-random number generator) seeded with high-quality entropy truly random values using the operating system's entropy source. account password password based derived key used for authentication using the pbkdf algorithm with sha- the hashing algorithm and seeded with salt. root key password based derived key using the pbkdf algorithm with sha- the hashing algorithm and seeded with random salt. the derived key used for encrypting and decrypting key protector using aes -bit mode. user self-generated unique identifier identify user the fortknoxster system and the blockchain. public key fingerprint unique cryptographic hash the user's public keys used form the digital identity the blockchain. digital identity key/value record stored the blockchain containing the user and digital signature the user and the public key fingerprint. private encryption key private key used for decryption using rsaoaep -bit algorithm scheme with sha- the hashing algorithm. private identity key private key used for digitally signing encrypted message, using rsassa-pkcs-v_ -bit algorithm scheme with sha- the hashing algorithm. public encryption key public key used for aes key encryption using rsa-oaep -bit algorithm scheme with sha- the hashing algorithm. (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service public identity key public key used for message signature verification using rsassa-pkcs-v_ -bit algorithm scheme with sha- the hashing algorithm. key protector random generated -byte key used for encrypting/wrapping and decryption/unwrapping private key using aes -bit encryption gcm mode. key container flexible crypto box container structure hold encrypted/wrapped private key with its key protector(s). message key random generated -byte one-time key used for message and file encryption and decryption using aes -bit encryption cbc mode gcm mode. group key random generated -byte session key used for encryption and decryption group message using aes -bit encryption gcm mode. key pairs the rsa key-pairs used for encryption and decryption, each consists public encryption key and private encryption key and uses the rsa-oaep -bit algorithm scheme with sha- the hashing algorithm. the rsa key-pairs used for signing and verification, each consist public identity key and private identity key and uses the rsassa-pkcs-v_ -bit algorithm scheme with sha- the hashing algorithm. the key pair used for deriving shared secret key key agreement consists public and private key and uses the ecdh p-bit algorithm. the key pair used for signing and verification consists public identity key and private identity key and uses the ecdsa p-bit algorithm. private keys protection when user registers fortknoxster.com sets rsa key-pairs are generated, sets elliptic curve (ec) key-pairs and key protector(s) (one per private key) the client's browser. (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service these encryption and identity key-pairs are used for different services and protocols, such inbox, chat, calling, file storage account settings. unlike other known encryption protocols, each fortknoxster's services protocols needs two sets key-pairs, one for encryption and decryption and one for signing and verification. the key protector used encrypt/wrap each private key which only known the user. the user's personal password used compute derived keys the client, the account password, and the root keys. please note: the user's personal password only known the user and very important understand that the user's personal password and the root key are never ever sent the servers. the account password cryptographic hash the personal password using the pbkdf algorithm with sha- the hashing algorithm, which performs rounds hashing operations (key stretching) and takes the username@fortknoxster.com salt. the outcome strong password, which sent the server and stored another cryptographic hash using the bcrypt key derivation function. this password only used authenticate the user and cannot decrypt any the users' data. the root key computed the exact same way the account password but takes -byte randomly generated salt and rounds hashing, and therefore completely different password. the root key forms -byte aes key which used encrypt/wrap key protector with aes-kw. this point each rsa and private key are encrypted/wrapped with aesgcm with the -byte key protector, which locked the -byte root key, each forming key container. all the public keys and protected key containers are sent the server during the registration, along with the user details and account password. when user changes password, the account password changed the same way above and all the key protectors are re-encrypted with the new root key computed the same crypto operations above and replaced the key containers. when user enables the account recovery feature, new key protector added each key container, using the recovery key the root key the above crypto operations. (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service contacts key exchange common problem encryption systems, the secure key exchange public keys between users, making sure that the obtained key indeed belongs the intended recipient. fortknoxster protects against such potential man-in-the-middle (mitm) attacks, leveraging the blockchain technology conjunction with self-signed contact list. user can invite other users into the platform connect with any existing users the platform. each user keeps contact list where each contact record digitally signed with the user's private identity key and contains all the contact details such name, user and the public keys. the contact gets signed during contact request/accept process. this process involves retrieving the contact's digital identity from the blockchain and verify the client computing the same public key fingerprint from the contacts public keys and then verify the signature with the contact's public identity key. once the contact verified, then signed and added the user's own contact list. from then on, the user can trust this contact and will verify the contact before using its public keys exchange messages, files calls. should the contact verification fail, the message exchange with that contact not carried out and the user alerted with warning. message exchange when user sends inbox chat message another user, the following happens the sending user's client: there were any attachments, they have already each been encrypted with its own generated message key and mac the encrypted file has been taken using the hmac algorithm with sha- and the file's message key. and this point, the encrypted attachments have already been uploaded the servers and unique has been assigned each attachment. new message key for the message object then generated. (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service the plain message with any attachments meta-data, attachments message key's, attachments hmac signatures and attachments ids are encrypted with the message's message key. the ciphertext (encrypted message) signed using the sending user's private identity key. before signing the ciphertext, the private identity key first decrypted with the user's key protector which was decrypted the browser client with the root key and stored the browser's session storage when the user logged in. the message key used encrypt the message then encrypted using the receiving user's public encryption key. message has multiple recipients, this process repeated with each recipient's public encryption key. the encrypted message, the message signature, and the encrypted recipient keys are then sent the servers where they are stored. before storing the message, the server application verifies each message case message tampering. this done using the sending user's public identity key. when user receives new inbox chat message, the following happens the receiving user's browser client: the signature the encrypted message verified with the sending user's public identity key. the encrypted message key then decrypted with the user's private encryption key. before decrypting the ciphertext, the private encryption key first decrypted with the user's key protector which was decrypted the browser client with the root key and stored the browser's session storage when the user logged in. the retrieved message key then used decrypt the encrypted message. there were any attachments the receiving user can download each encrypted attachment which will verified for integrity with hmac (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service sha using the message key and then decrypted using the same message key. group chat messaging designed handle lot members and large amount group chat messages. this achieved with server-side fan-out, which means user sends single message the server and the server sends copy the message each group member. this design transmits little data possible. when group chat created the following happens: the creating user generates group key. the group key then encrypted with each member's public encryption key. for all subsequent messages the group: the sender retrieves the group key decrypting with the private encryption key. the sender encrypts the plain message with the group key using gcm mode, which allows for message authentication during encryption and decryption. the sender signs the encrypted message with his/her private identity key. the sender transmits the encrypted message and the signature the server, which does server-side fan-out all the group members. the group chat messaging also the foundation for the group call signalling protocol which happens over the same xmpp group chat channel. cloud storage file sharing larger files and attachments are also end-to-end encrypted. file attachments (documents, images, videos etc.) refer inbox attachments and chat file transfers and are encrypted the exact same way, with message key per file using cbc mode. mac signature then computed using the hmac algorithm with sha- and the file's own message key the key the hmac function. (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service cloud storage files are encrypted the same way, however, able handle large file uploads, the files are chunked into smaller files and encrypted with message key using gcm mode. additional two sets rsa key-pairs were generated specifically for cloud storage use and file and folder sharing. the folder tree structure kept separate json folder structures which contain pointers and aes keys its children folders and files. those json structures are encrypted with message key using gcm mode and are signed with the user's private identity key. the random aes key along with unique kept the parent json folder structure which also encrypted and signed. when user shares folder with other users, the message key for the json structure encrypted with each user's public encryption key and the encrypted json structure then signed with the sharing user's private identity key. the sharing user the owner the shared folder and can define read and write permission for each member the folder. calling conferencing audio/video one-to-one calls, group calls and screen sharing are also endto-end encrypted and use the webrtc technology for real-time audio and video communication. webrtc uses secure real-time transport protocol (dtls-srtp) for establishing and encrypting media streams. before peer-to-peer call established between two more users, some signalling done exchange certain information and set the call. this signalling done over the existing chat/xmpp channel and also endto-end encrypted using the same encryption scheme for message exchange with aes/rsa described previously above. native android ios apps the android and ios apps contain the same inbox, chat, group chat and calling features the web client and integrates closely with the system and will receive push notifications various events such new inbox and chat messages and incoming calls. (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service the end-to-end encryption designed and developed using the same strong encryption and algorithms the browser clients. for the ios and android apps, the end-to-end encryption layer has been developed single cross-platform library written c++ using the latest openssl distribution, and which used both apps. web crypto api the web browsers implement the latest browser capabilities and use the web cryptography api (web crypto api), which web standard defined the world wide web consortium (wc) which allows for cryptographic operations javascript web client applications. "the web cryptography api defines low-level interface interacting with cryptographic key material that managed exposed user agents. the api itself agnostic the underlying implementation key storage but provides common set interfaces that allow rich web applications perform operations such signature generation and verification, hashing and verification, encryption and decryption, without requiring access the raw keying material." source: (wc) web cryptography api http://www.w.org/tr/webcryptoapi using web crypto api makes the crypto design and its implementation highly stable and efficient when performing various crypto operations, leverages the browser's own crypto stack implementation and which makes robust cryptographic algorithms available, compared other pure javascript crypto implementations. web crypto api does not replace tls https, fact the web crypto api requires https secure context order work. tls protocol establish secure and trusted client-to-server communication tunnel transport layer using strong encryption serve content over https. web crypto api interface made available for application developers access various crypto operations enabling web application developments, with use cases such encrypted messaging, encrypted cloud storage, document signing sharing, data integrity protection among other use cases. fortknoxster uses the web crypto api its advanced client end-to-end decryption design combination with strictly configured tls and https. (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service our code served over https only from the https://web.fortknoxster.com origin and not serve any external resources cross-domain scripts. web security cross-site scripting (xss) attacks are probably the most widely spread type attacks web applications and happen when malicious scripts are injected into websites target end users. the goal xss attack make some browser script execute the victim's browser infected sites and steal sensitive information such session cookie from authenticated user and then send back the attacker's server. the attacker can then gain access the victim's account that specific website using this session cookie. such attack can done without the victim's knowledge. this kind attack has been performed well-known services such whatsapp, where the attacker was able completely hi-jack some victim's whatsapp account and being able control that victim's account. websites and web applications are vulnerable xss attacks typically when user inputs are not filtered correctly. fortknoxster implements several security measures make sure our users are protected against any kind xss attacks, making sure user inputs such inbox chat message are escaped and sanitized before displaying it, the receiver's browser. furthermore, our web application and server configurations have been optimized set the httponly cookie flag, x-xss-protection, and content-security-policy response headers. our research content security policy (csp) has resulted very strict csp configuration, not allowing any kind external sources loaded inside the fortknoxster environment. csp supported all modern browsers and protects against xss whitelisting allowed sources script, style, media and other resources when you visit website. have this kind protection, the csp configurations need done the web server configurations and special response header (contentsecurity-policy) sent from the server back the browser, when page requested. (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service have taken these extra security measures make sure our csp configurations are strict possible whitelisting only internal resources, and thereby blacklisting any kind external loading resources the client's browser when visiting our website and using our services, and therefore enforce our user's privacy. cross site request forgery (csrf/xsrf) special kind attack, where the attacker can trick the victim perform unwanted actions, such authorizing bank transfer. fortknoxster prevents csrf vulnerabilities including unique session token each http request and special xsrf cookie. furthermore, the fortknoxster session cookie encrypted with aes-cbc bit and mac using the hmac function, taking server key input. phishing type social engineering attack. the attacker masquerades the trusted site, tricking the victim perform unwanted actions, such stealing login credentials, credit card details and other sensitive data. fortknoxster implements several security measures also prevent these kinds attacks. account security protect users from any kind account attacks, fortknoxster enforces various security measures and offer the following account security features: two-factor authentication with totp and fido uf. restrict account access and country. security audit log. web application firewall (waf) filtering web requests. automated account blocking when brute force attacks other abuses are detected. transport layer security all communication between the clients (web browsers, android app, ios app) and the servers are layered with extra separate strict encryption channel. only tls supported and configured with the strongest (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service cipher suites available, such ecdh with elliptic curve and rsa bits, including -bit diffie-hellman parameter for dhe cipher suites. the strong tls configurations enable http strict transport security (hsts), ocsp stapling, forward secrecy and protect against all known attacks such beast, heartbleed, poodle and many more. algorithm overview below overview the encryption algorithms and crypto operations used the fortknoxster end-to-end encryption crypto design. algorithm encrypt decrypt rsassa-pkcs-v_ rsa-oaep sign verify derive digest ecdh aes-cbc aes-gcm aes-kw pbkdf bcrypt sha- unwrap ecdsa hmac wrap (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service appendix the gdpr regulation below short description the gdpr regulation. fortknoxster good and relevant tool comply with the strict gdpr law and easy implement any organisation regardless size and industry. the general data protection regulation (gdpr) (regulation (eu) regulation which the european parliament, the council the european union and the european commission intend strengthen and unify data protection for all individuals within the european union (eu). businesses urgently need bring their operations into compliance with the new data protection regime. here are the most important takeaways from the gdpr. when the law took effect from may after which enforcement will begin against the non-compliant entities. until then, existing national data protection laws apply, which include national security laws, employment laws and free speech. who the new european data protection regulation applies any business irrespective its business activity sector economy, if: business established the eu, subject laws. business established outside the eu, but offers services goods residents; monitors the residents' behaviour. for example, the "runkeeper app" tracking its european users liable, even though north american company without office the eu. the european data protection regulation introduces significant expansion the liable businesses and now applies non-european entities dealing with private data the european residents. (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service this also means tech giants like google, facebook, yahoo and microsoft will have comply. otherwise, the implications include hefty fines. fines breaching the european data protection regulation results fines. the maximum fine for single breach either eur million, annual global turnover, whichever greater. the amount set intentionally high attract the attention the c-suite the problem data protection and compliance with the new regulation. encryption the solution the gdpr regulation provides specific suggestions for what kinds security actions might considered "appropriate the risk," including: encryption personal data. the ability ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability, and resilience systems and services processing personal data. the ability restore the availability and access data timely manner the event physical technical incident. process for regularly testing, assessing and evaluating the effectiveness technical and organisational measures for ensuring the security the processing. while the european data protection regulation brings good news the end users mostly, it's not all bad news, more work and bigger spending for the businesses. there one particularly valuable piece the regulation that stipulates that companies should meet users' "reasonable expectations data privacy." the regulation then suggests that encryption, anonymity, and authorization tokens meet those expectations. your company encrypts corporate data and user data rest and transit, also when dealing with third-party contractors, and keeps the keys the company premises, safe and encrypted, too, you will effectively prove that you meet the "reasonable expectations privacy" individual. (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service appendix terms service terms service effective: august these terms service ("terms") cover your use and access the service named "fortknoxster", ("service") provided fortknoxster ltd. using our services, you're agreeing bound these terms, and also review our privacy policies. you're using our services for organization other legal entity, you're agreeing these terms behalf that organization. fortknoxster ltd. reserves the right change this agreement any time. the fortknoxster service the fortknoxster service provides system that allows user access our secure communication platform named fortknoxster. order receive the service, you will need create account consisting username, phone number and password. access order access your account, you must first log using your fortknoxster username and password, and then through the verification process. after this, you have access use the service. the use the service requires you obtain access the internet. you can access from computer mobile device. account security completing the registration for this service, you agree bound these terms and conditions and fortknoxster's privacy policy, you warrant that you are least eighteen years old that you have obtained consent open and maintain account from your parents. you agree maintain the security your password and identification, and you will fully responsible for all usage the fortknoxster service. you shall immediately notify fortknoxster ltd any unauthorized use your password account, any loss theft your password any other breach security. (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service permitted use you may access and use the service accordance with these terms and conditions and subject any operating rules/contract posted policies that appear the website. any use the service your sole risk and responsibility. illegal use you represent and warrant, condition use the service, that you will not use the service for any purpose that illegal, unlawful prohibited. you shall not subject the fortknoxster system any spam, denial service attacks, viruses any action, activity code that would interfere with the ordinary operation the system. indemnity you agree defend, indemnify and hold fortknoxster ltd., its subsidiaries and affiliates and directors, officers, agents, contractors, shareholders, partners and employees, harmless from and against any action, claim, demand liability, arising out relating your violation any the terms and conditions this agreement, the rights any third party your use connection this service. the service provided "as is" and you agree not hold fortknoxster ltd. responsible for any damages that arise result the loss use, data, information profits connected the performance the service. furthermore, you will not hold fortknoxster ltd. liable, any material unintentionally released the result security failure, vulnerability force majeure. password have access your account data, not keep records your password. you lose your password, cannot help you other than offering you new account. paid accounts billing. will automatically charge you from the date you activate user account and each periodic renewal until cancellation. you're responsible for all applicable taxes, and will charge tax and vat when required so. refunds. you may cancel your fortknoxster upgrade account any time, but you won't issued refund. (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service downgrades. your upgrade account will remain effect until cancelled terminated under these terms. you not pay for your upgrade account time, reserve the right suspend reduce your account free account. changes. may change the fees effect but will give you advance notice these changes via message the email address associated with your account. intellectual property fortknoxster ltd. owns all rights, titles, and interest and all copyright, trademarks, trade secrets, patents any other intellectual property any kind any proprietary rights and the service and these rights titles and interests are protected the fullest extent under gibraltar and international laws. without the prior written consent fortknoxster ltd., you shall not use permit any third party use any trademarks trade names and content this service may copied, reproduced duplicated any form any means whatsoever. entire agreement these terms and conditions set forth the entire agreement with respect the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether, electronic, oral written, between you and fortknoxster ltd. waiver the failure fortknoxster ltd. exercise enforce any right provision these terms and conditions shall not constitute waiver such right provision. applicable law this agreement shall governed and construed under the laws gibraltar. all actions commenced pursuant hereto shall brought court gibraltar. (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service changes fortknoxster ltd. involved future merger, acquisition, re-organization sale our assets, your information may transferred part this. will notify you (for example, via message the email address associated with your account) any such deal and outline detail. effect this agreement comes into effect the date your completed registration with fortknoxster ltd., date first payment and fortknoxster ltd. may terminate this service any time. use the service your consent the terms this agreement. customer support will respond support requests via email within one business day. you have questions, ideas concerns about our services, please contact info@fortknoxster.com. (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service appendix privacy policy effective: august privacy our business fortknoxster ltd. values, respects and endorse the privacy and anonymity all our users and strongly committed protecting the confidential security and integrity any information accordance with this privacy policy. this privacy policy explains fortknoxster ltd.'s handling your information. protecting your information generally. the security your information imperative us, fact this the core our business model, protect the privacy our users and their data. within the technical and legal boundaries, will keep innovating and pushing the boundaries maintain the best private and secure communication platform. technically. use physical, electronic and sophisticated security methods prevent unauthorized access, maintain data privacy and ensure correct protection information. use robust encryption technologies including aes rsa key authentication algorithms, secure sockets layer (ssl) etc. our entire user's data stored encrypted form and not even the fortknoxster ltd. staff has any access whatsoever. addition, user accounts are protected multifactor authentication (optional). our servers are hosted highly secure data centre. furthermore, use secure sockets layers (ssl) certificates with extended validation insure the highest degree authentication available. again, even data were compromised, would use all data highly encrypted. also refer the non-disclosure section below. (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service data collection fortknoxster ltd. collects and uses anonymous user information for the following limited purposes: sent and received messages: not have access any message content highly encrypted. have access the following records: number messages sent, storage space used, total number messages, last login time and country code login. phone numbers: all phone numbers provided during the account creating procedure, are confidential information and your phone number will never sold, shared, given, leased disclosed any third parties. due extra security matters, your phone number required send you the initial activation code the account creating process. emails: providing your email optional but required for certain services. all emails provided during the account recovery and notification settings procedures, are confidential information and your email will never sold, shared, given, leased disclosed any third parties. due extra security matters, your email required send you the account recovery link the account recovery process. your email address also required for receiving email notifications about new fortknoxster messages. managing your data your data belongs you and you can delete any time. your account information can changed anytime logging into your account and change delete information. you wish delete your account, will erase all your remaining encrypted account data from our servers. any free accounts that are inactive for period more than months may automatically deleted. data storage all data any given time stored encrypted format. temporary backups are also fully encrypted. have way access your encrypted data, and hence cannot recover your password, should you lose it. non-disclosure fortknoxster ltd. has zero-disclosure policy. will not respond any requests from authorities regarding information about users, logs, data similar. any authority must direct request the relevant authorities, which may then possibly contact us, following the protocol that the relevant (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service legislation stipulates. will not comply with demands from any authorities higher extent than the law demands. payments this applies only users who are using our "upgrade" services. third parties process all electronic payment transactions and fortknoxster ltd. does not retain any customer payment information. for administration purposes, need store data which account was paid for particular transaction. customer support will respond support requests via email within business days. you have questions, ideas comments about our services, please contact info@fortknoxster.com. (c) fortknoxster fortknoxster whitepaper encryption-as-a-service thanks for your interest for more information: www.fortknoxster.com e-mail: hello@fortknoxster.com (c) all rights reserved. (c) fortknoxster