friendz digital marketing revolution the blockchain whitepaper abstract friendz digital marketing company whose main goal connect brands with their target audience, taking advantage the most powerful marketing tool ever: "word mouth". when look what the future holds for see global expansion, larger communities users, more services provided and happier clients. all this made possible the use the blockchain technology and the adoption friendz coins, the new standard currency for buying digital services and activate community engaged users all around the world. *every image displayed this paper has been created our users. introduction the digital marketing sector how friendz works business model introducing friendz coins strategy the long term plan token sale ico partners roadmap the team friendz coin legal and crowdsale introduction who are vision future plans who are how many times have you purchased online just following the hint picture you saw the internet? many, for sure. and has ever occured you that every time you publish branded content social media, you are supporting the values particular brand? it's something powerful, that's why created friendz. friendz for brands: advertising campaigns friendz already operating product that providing services through the support community over users, continuously engaged the activities running the app. the community always ready and willing participate the campaigns organised friendz, exchange for rewards. the reward issued order motivate and appreciate the users for their participation content creation and validation. friendz digital marketing company whose main goal connect brands their target audience, taking advantage the most powerful marketing tool ever, "word mouth". friendz proud have introduced new way doing digital advertising, based communication among peers. brand rie community ppr our success story far friendz has been actively present the market since during this period, have offered services more than brands. our team composed people, with different backgrounds and skills, operating our offices switzerland, italy and spain. friendz app boasts over organic users who have published well over pictures the last two years. friendz received eur, worth financing from triboo group, public company and important player the digital marketing industry, enabling hit the market and create its network. the end revenues amounted eur ,,. monthly active users daily published pictures total published pictures .bn users people reached top clients interactions generated next steps for the future friendz integrating its platform with blockchain, with the aim decentralizing the digital advertising system. with the future developments the platform, will possible enhance trust towards users and client companies and increase the products and services offered. addition, our community will become larger and multinational. vision friendz aims become the perfect tool activate communities all over the world companies will have the possibility engage directly with highly interactive community users that create contents and perform other marketing activities demand, following the guidelines provided. addition, thanks the blockchain mechanism, all the contents created, will checked the community itself through decentralized validation system that guarantees top quality results and secure transactions. friendz wants develop global ecosystem where companies can freely and directly interact with active community that creates and validates contents published their social media profiles. our service can used every kind business need creative contents for social media. "our service can used every kind business" believe that the adoption the blockchain technology can greatly improve our business model, making possible for our app achieve unprecedented results with centralized system. for the very first time, friendz will enable companies call users action directly, asking them create contents perform other promotional activities depending their needs any particular point time. after the results our model has achieved off-chain for the last two years, now look forward decentralising the friendz platform order offer our services and clients and new clients coming from the crypto world. future plans: friendz the blockchain plan use blockchain technology provide even safer and reliable experience our clients and through the use decentralized blockchain technology that the safe transfer funds and the completion services will certified. friendz platform will become even safer and more advanced technologically thereby protecting the interest our community and clients worldwide. plan decentralize the digital advertising business, creating traceable single tool that can adopted globally activate users and involve them the creation advertising campaigns are planning introduce transparent system that will track the flow marketing spending friendz platform, totally revolutional way digital advertising. the use friendz coins will fact provide brands with the opportunity spread their advertising messages and reach the friends friendz users genuine and creative way. users will rewarded for being active and will use the reward purchase other services from friendz. the long term want provide every online activity-as-a-service, and beyond the world digital marketing. the idea develop platform where companies can activate large communities users perform various activities that will enhance their brands our plan maintain focus digital advertising but with open eye new markets and opportunities. friendz platform will available any company that requires services such validation systems, quick content generation, bug testing, market research and app review. our clients will not only companies, but also bb, and those coming from the blockchain industry, all with the common goal reaching the final users. the automation all activities will ensure that friendz's role becomes that merely guaranteeing community participation and engagement the activities proposed. the digital marketing sector digital advertising influencer marketing this friendz marketing digital advertising according emarketer predictions, global spending projected rise faster than previously expected, growing billion. the growth largely due increased digital advertising activities. total media spending expected rise billion represented digital spending for strong demand for digital advertising, particularly mobile, will the main driver for spending increase. the top five advertising markets worldwide; the us, china, japan, and germany will continue dominate and the succeeding forecast years. display advertising, banners, without doubt the mostly used marketing channel. these are images containing advertising content positioned several spots the web pages. given their traceability characteristic, these ads enable the companies analyse the performance their campaigns and track their marketing spending. digital spending worldwide, (billions) total media ad spending change source: emarketer however, display advertising showed lower performances the market saturated and consumers are longer affected nor interested: millions devices block irritating and useless info across the globe, more and more people are deploying blocking software their phones digital spending clicks mobile ads were made mistake more likely survive airplane disaster than click banner (source: goldspot media); (source: solve media). influencer marketing more than one three marketers said they expected their influencer marketing budgets increase, and expected run least one influencer campaign (source: nielsen) following the downturn traditional advertising tools, companies oriented their marketing activities influencer marketing, form marketing based the influence that famous people have their network, sometimes made millions followers. the objective the companies reach targeted people that are interested what the influencer they follow shows, rather than targeting the market whole. "influencer marketing based the assumption that people like more products used and proposed people they know and trust" although influencer marketing seems have become popular overnight, many brand-influencer advertising sponsorships started early years ago. what started with popular bloggers and blog advertising has now spread into other influencer channels including snapchat, instagram, and youtube. here are the main trends affecting growth the global influencer marketing sector: rapid decline viewership demographics: according adweek, more than other demographics combined. conversely, marked the first time that time spent mobile apps exceeded time spent tv, nearly minutes. (source: bloomberg) the increase digital spending was forecasted overtake spending (source: wsj) although some sources pointed later overtake, the advertising market currently represents roughly billion. (source: pwc) ad-blocking was projected have cost advertisers billion dollars. that amount was forecasted billion. (source: pagefair) this friendz marketing today, users spend most their time online social networks, nearly hours watching contents created and shared people they know. (source: ipsos) friendz takes advantage the long tail the digital marketing sector, well the knowledge and understanding the potential and the rapid growth the segment. analysed nielsen's studies about the effectiveness the online word mouth (wom). according the annual report "global trust advertising", respondents base their purchase decisions the advice given people they know and trust, versus mere who based online banner ads. the percentage respondents who completely somewhat trust advertising format region asia-pacific europe africa middle-east latin america north america recommendations from people know branded websites editorial content, such newspaper articles consumer opinoins posted online ads global trust advertising source www.nielsen.com friendz understands the power wom and applies effectively social media, propose valid alternative other existing digital marketing tools which are slowly becoming ineffective. friendz has revolutionised the way publishers relate with their audience. our marketing communication system not the typical top down (where brands target the market whole), but rather one based communication among peers. the reference target the contents posted friendz therefore community peers composed people that either know are acquainted each other directly. are not influencers, are just friendz. the market analysis shows that the broader the number followers, the lower the engagement rate between the influencer and his her audience. companies look for well-known influencers order reach many people possible, consequently creating distant relationship between them and their audience. friendz users are not celebrities famous influencers. they not use their social media profiles for advertising, but for fun. their network social media goes from followers and usually the contents they post reach heterogeneous audience composed mainly friends, relatives and close connections. every person who shares contents social media transmits message ready processed his her peers, who share the same interest and habits them. sharing ideas and contents this way generates high level involvement both online and offline. thanks this mechanism involvement that our community always active and ready participate our campaigns. more reach celebrities publishers fans friends more influence how friendz works community side client side approval system how friendz works friendz community based application created with the idea connecting people with the brands they love. the main actors involved are: clients they buy campaigns for advertising purposes and experience the result friendz magic (word mouth social media) users they participate the campaigns, creating contents exchange for rewards. approvers community qualified users that check and validate contents manually and are rewarded for it. social media the platforms which contents are published. track the figures terms the number likes, interactions and comments. community side friendz community actively engaged and profiled users. people can choose participate the campaigns available the mobile and web app, creating and posting contents based specific guidelines. exchange, they receive reward that can used unlock in-app special features. choose campaign take picture receive friendz coins get access our e-commerce what makes friendz special friendz not only proposes brand campaigns with advertising messages, but engages users daily basis through the called fun campaigns. fun campaigns are designed keep high level engagement within our community while also providing our users with the opportunity being rewarded they have "fun" taking pictures. the contents these campaigns are, fact, created our team with the aim involving and entertaining our community. the greatest advantage taking part the fun campaigns that makes the social media profiles users look more genuine and populated with creative and diversified contents. the participation the fun and brand campaigns regulated first-come first-served mechanism, since the number users involved the activity limited. following meritocratic logic, users with excellent abilities creating contents will receive the campaigns first, while other users with average photographic skills receive them later. the profile quality determined both the rating the approvers the approval process and the users' who have access dedicated wall inside the app where everyone can see and rate the pictures. the rating system based stars" scale; the worst quality content receives star while the best quality receives this score defines user's overall performance. the order assignation determined algorithm that takes into consideration three parameters: user profile quality posts' reach terac rate the ten oste client side clients can set campaign using friendz platform through the selection specific parameters. particular, they can express their preference on: budget range size number users involved through friendz dashboard, clients can monitor the campaign progress real time and analyse the results through specific kpis. our success driven the possibility adapting the services provided friendz achieve different goals. know that every client unique and has different needs and expectations. for this reason, have designed specific solutions meet those needs and expectations. our platform has been used for: brand awareness campaigns product placement activity boost (sharing contents) market research lead generation offline activities with our community target users the people they want interact with social network facebook, instagram twitter creativity product concept placement target campaign concept geolocalizat ion int eract ions perform ance photos approval system have developed systematic approach for checking every single content before published online. everyday, highly qualified users, that call approvers, screen contents manually check whether the users have complied with the rules set for the particular campaign they are participating in. one more the rules have not been respected, then the content rejected and the user invited upload new one the app order take part the campaign. sufficient number approvers accepts it, the content automatically published the user's personal social profile through facebook instagram api. the approval mechanism essential for maintaining high quality service. while evaluating contents, the approvers pay particular attention the content quality, the copy the caption, the compliance with the requirements, and also the accuracy the hashtags that accompany each content. approvers receive reward exchange for their participation, based the number contents approved. the approval process automatically distributed the approvers can start their validation work dashboard which displays all the ongoing campaigns and the contents uploaded. ensure rapid approval process, the system works first-come first-served basis. therefore the first approvers who correctly check and approve particular content are rewarded. approvers are ranked the basis the accuracy their approvals, guarantee their alignment with friendz guidelines. the higher the accuracy classifying contents, the higher the ranking. content classified correctly when approver's choice consistent with the choice all the other approvers that checked that same content. after high number mistakes, the approver falls below minimum threshold and automatically disqualified and removed from the approval system. any user can become approver and rewarded for content validation, but only after having taken part sufficient number campaigns, achieving high profile quality and having passed initial approval test. business model value proposition our clients and business partners value proposition friendz innovative marketing platform that offers new way doing digital marketing, taking advantage the potential that private profiles and the content distributed social media have. the idea was derived from the synthesis some upward trends populating internet and social networks: firstly, companies are faced with the problem gaining the interest the audience social media and involving final users brand communication campaigns. users don't identify with communication campaigns run companies, since their perception the contents unnatural. consequently, brands get poor results terms quality and engagement their marketing strategies. highly encourage the creative attitude the targeted users and all can boost their persuasive power social community. ask our friendz produce and share funny and creative contents with powerful storytelling capable describing the brand's product. addition, thanks the gamification system, can guarantee that the contents provided are top-quality. friendz guides individual creativity the conception user generated contents (ugcs) containing advertising messages which creates high engagement rate brand communication projects. secondly, people create and publish millions contents their social media profiles everyday, such photos, audio, texts, videos, that often contain unwitting advertising messages. through these activities people seek personal gratification from comments and interactions with their posts, but most them don't know how boost their profiles and thus end posting unappealing contents. this can resolved leveraging the trust people have with each other, especially those they know and whose advice they can listen to. friendz contents spontaneously and creatively catch the audience attention. moreover, presenting the product service environment where people trust each other and share the same set values, empowers the communication messages the companies, making more effective than the usual impersonal advertising campaigns. our clients business partner have been working with over clients, the main ones are multinational companies. and many more! #nutellaunica #disney #roche #coppadelnonno #universalpictures #cometenoncenessuno #comediventaregrandi #aprigliocchi #condividerlienaturale #lamummia #philips #lindtitalia #pringles #decathlon #respiraladifferenza #scegliilcuore #nuovepringlestortillas #lamiasfida #rebook #nuovocrodino #bemorehuman #crodinoaranciarossa #actimel #hawaiiantropic #jeep #findus #staystrong #vestitidisole #mysevenslot #likeafish #sonyxperiaxz #gromgelato #tisvegliinvacanza #sappiamodifrutta #wilkinsonhydro #bestwesternitalia #mybestweekend #enel #papachegiocanoconbarbie #sectornolimitspassion #huawei #ritrattourbano #ubereats #supradynricarica introducing friendz coins blockchain advantages advantages friendz coins why ico? introducing friendz credits campaign creation friendz tokens utility blockchain advantages using the lean approach, started testing our product order validate the business proposition and the market interest. now that the business model has been validated, believe that blockchain the right platform which can further develop and strengthen our model its full potential. all the operations that are currently done manually will done automatically with the support blockchain technology. thanks the numerous milestones, friendz will soon able apply this system, hence becoming the market leader the provision peer-to-peer marketing services. main advantages basing the model blockchain: increasing transparency and trust towards our clients the advertising spending will registered the blockchain complete transparency. the decentralization the platform will make the check contents even more more safe for brands. community involvement clients can automatically activate thousands people that will create contents and perform actions following the rules provided the campaign (for example publishing picture, video creating special advertising content) decentralised validation system can provide service content validation where the platform automatically shows contents experience users soon they are uploaded. these are real people that check contents manually following specific rules. the elements that will implemented the blockchain are: men client payment fiat money fiat money friendz coins brands-user connection intermediated direct content validation system centralized decentralized intermediated approvers selection decentralized personal screening rules compliance guarantee centralized decentralized campaign building with friendz team the platform creativity validation with friendz team the platform advantages friendz coins friendz coins are tokens that give access friendz application and services. brands users having dedicated coin makes the brand identifiable. everyone will know that friendz coins the tool used activate communities the digital marketing world. the use friendz coins will enrich user experience the app: the community will able unlock new features and services the app using the coins. the new features will designed increase the degree online user interaction. the future, brands will able perform marketing campaigns all over the world with single tool. they will longer need interact with many marketing agencies activate communities, but could rely friendz get these services. some these items will games, others will increase the interaction among the users, some them will boost the user profile and some others will influence their social activity. friendz will able increase its offer several businesses, also the newcomers from the blockchain industry. why ico? friendz purpose decentralize the advertising process and the system content creation and validation social media. the ico process has several advantages for our business: expand our business worldwide the funds raised during the ico process will used expand our business worldwide and consolidate our presence the countries where already operate. will open new offices starting from european countries and then expanding other areas with great potential for digital advertising around the world. broad international community will start run international user acquisition strategy with the purpose creating multiple local communities that will part the big friendz family. the expansion friendz abroad will make more and more people using the platform. winning new clients going abroad means winning new clients and providing local services our existing clients. clients will have the possibility target their campaigns internationally using single tool without the need asking for marketing services different agencies anymore. technological system thanks the ico, will able develop technological system that will enhance the capacity our business. increase our offer the long term, want expand the business other sectors beyond digital advertising, extending our offer products and services order meet the needs companies and those coming from the crypto world. will involve users not only advertising campaigns, but also different kinds activities commissioned clients. introducing friendz credits credits are scoring system that tracks users' degree participation the campaigns. when brands want access friendz marketing services, friendz provides them with amount friendz credits. credits are useful tool for the clients define campaign size and level participation. the number credits provided related the campaign size, that depends the the budget allocated the client. credits will used reward users and approvers. users accumulate credits while having fun taking pictures, creating contents and participating the activities and campaigns proposed the app. approvers accumulated credits while checking the contents uploaded the app. credits also facilitate the contact with the community they are part friendz gamification system and let users keep track how much their are active the app. users and approvers can use their credits get gift cards, vouchers and coupons various online stores. provide those coupons the special section our app, for example amazon, ebay, zara, gamestop and many more. after reaching determined threshold, users can transform their credits into friendz tokens and use them inside friendz platform transfer them into personal wallets. from credit token campaign creation the number credits will determined the campaign size and will used reward users and approvers. brands buy friendz advertising campaigns using either fiat money friendz coins. friendz stores the friendz coins received designated internal wallet giving brands equivalent amount credits exchange. the friendz coins will given the community access features inside the app transforming their credits. friendz will consider repurchase some tokens from existing holders case the ones stored the reserve will not sufficient cover the community needs. the community involved three steps the campaign creation process: campaign setup: group skilled approvers validate the campaign's creativity making sure that consistent with the community's policy. content creation: users create advertising contents following the rules provided the campaign. content validation: group skilled approvers validates the quality contents created making sure that they respect the guidelines before the publication social profiles. users and approvers receive credits for this activity and can see the total amount credits that they get their profile the app. the community can use their credits get discount coupons for products and services online. order access special features that increase their engagement and boost their profiles the app, users first have transform sufficient number credits into friendz coins. possible this special section inside the app. users and approvers can always find their friendz coins inside their coin wallet. friendz coins can taken out from the platform and deposited personal external wallets. the brands clients can buy friendz marketing services from the platform and they can set their campaign using special client dashboard. clients have the possibility assign concept and brief and then select specific parameters such as: the budget; the size (number users involved); the target users (the people they want interact with); the social network (facebook, instagram twitter); the creativity (product concept placement). through friendz dashboard, clients can monitor real time the campaign progress and analyse the results with specific kpis. budget ize tar get ocial eativit has htag once the service has been purchased, the platform computes the credits necessary complete the campaign. the system creates three stacks credits that measure the number participants and the reward: stack credits that reward creativity approvers for their validation activity stack credits that reward users' activity content creation stack credits that reward content approvers' activity content screening once the processes creativity and contents creation and validation are finished, the contents that have successfully passed the validation stage are published the user's private social profile. from this point on, the contents are visible the audience all user's peers and online connections. this great exposure will make the campaign reach their goal and the advertising message spread online. brand creativity approvers campaign validation users content creation content approvers content screening the users users download the app, login with their facebook profiles and find list the active campaigns. users can take part the campaigns both from android and ios devices and also from the desktop version. they can choose the campaign they want join, and have read the rules provided before posting any content. the users are then given time create the content and upload the app. the content successfully passes the validation process, automatically posted user's social media profile, facebook instagram, depending the campaign chosen, through the respective api. if, instead, rejected, the user invited create and upload new content. in-app create contents earn credits after the publication, users receive commensurate amount credits established the campaign rules. credits are collected the user's credits wallet inside friendz platform. after collecting sufficient amount credits, users can decide use them get coupons and vouchers for online stores convert them into friendz coins specific section within the app. will possible for the users see two different wallets the app, one containing credits and the other containing friendz coins. transform them friendz coins access in-app features there minimum threshold set for how many credits user has collect order able transform them into friendz coins. friendz coins can spent buy special and premium features inside the app. alternatively, users can withdraw friendz coins from the app and store them personal external wallet. more detailed description the friendz coins utility presented specific paragraph dedicated just for that. the approvers friendz will provide top quality services thanks the collaboration two groups approvers that will rewarded for their activity creativity and contents validation. creativity approvers contents approvers there are highly skilled users with professional backgrounds that will validate the campaign setup the client. their duty will check that the client has provided all the information needed design the campaign. there are highly skilled users that have previously taken part several other campaigns, and have obtained high quality scores. their task will check every single content uploaded the app, making sure that complies with friendz rules, the campaign guidelines and brand safety requirements. the screening process will specifically examine the quality the content, the caption that accompanies and the presence campaign hashtags. addition, creativity approvers will check that the new campaigns are line with friendz terms and conditions and that they respect the company's policies terms numbers, difficulty, appeal, legality and decorum. the approvers will not responsible for the results delivered the campaign after has been approved. in-app creativity and content validation earn credits the content approval process distributed and automatic. content approvers have access special dashboard where they have overview all the campaigns and contents uploaded. the system works first-come- first-served basis, indeed the first approvers who correctly check content will rewarded. creativity and contents approvers will ranked the base the accuracy their work. added ranking system guarantee approvers' alignment with friendz guidelines and hasten the speed their operations. the higher the accuracy classifying contents, the higher the transform them friendz coins access in-app features ranking. content correctly classified when receives the approval sufficient number approvers. approver repeatedly makes mistakes judging contents, will automatically disqualified and removed from the approval system. users and approvers can spend friendz coins access in-app special and premium features. alternatively, they can transfer friendz coins from the app, storing them personal external wallet. more detailed description the friendz coins utility presented specific paragraph dedicated just for that. friendz side friendz offers variety digital advertising services, some which are brand awareness campaigns, product placement campaigns, sharing contents, market researches and lead generation activities. our core business design advertising campaigns with the aim involving many people possible our activities. brands purchase friendz services fiat money, friendz will consider use part repurchase friendz coins from existing holders and give them the community when they need transform their credits. friendz coins can used access special features inside the app the friendz coins wallet collects all the coins that will assigned users and approvers whenever they will decide convert their credits. users can send tokens other wallets. order transfer the tokens, users will provided with the tool register its destination wallet within the app. friendz tokens utility here are some examples how friendz coins can used: services and campaigns clients will receive special discount the final price products services they use friendz coins access friendz marketing services and campaigns. in-app features friendz works real social network. users can have access special in-app features that will improve their online experience, increasing the degree amusement through the gamification process. inside this mechanism users are allowed increase their visibility and exposure within the app, create more interaction with other users and boost their profiles. the smart contract will provide maximum boost per day for the users, over and above which requests will rejected. examples possible features are: appear the "most popular users" section inside the app for week take part more than one facebook campaign day for days increase the profile quality star for week change the profile colour/ level see who voted you the past participate token campaigns corresponding your profile colour see who rates you for week blockchain based games users will able use the tokens participate gamified contests organized friendz. the game rules will set the chain, that will possible leverage the power full transparency the network order create totally fair system. transfer tokens move tokens into personal external wallets. plan fully integrate friendz with the blockchain, putting all our efforts the development the token, since believe important asset that will help unlock advanced features the app. the first phase integration already available our demo: the implementation virtual wallet inside the app where one can not only transform credits into friendz coins but also send tokens external addresses. addition, users who desire send out tokens, will have the opportunity register the desired destination wallet within the app. for the time being, blockchain not able support numerous and frequent transactions, but there will blockchain able process greater throughput operations per seconds, could interesting implementation substitute credits with tokens, thus fully basing friendz platform the blockchain. friendz retains the right exchange convert one one friendz tokens for equivalent value the same blockchain different blockchains. strategy community growth friendz competitive advantage community growth friendz community made engaged people that love accept new challenges the app. our community grows, will create targeted clusters users. believe our community will grow structurally, based our expansion objectives. the community expands, more and more people will enjoy using the app and feeling involved. order provide users with tokens when they want transform their credits, can allocate between and revenues for repurchasing tokens from existing holders, and then provide them the community. users and approvers can decide use their tokens access special and premium features the app keep their tokens. in-app purchase the community can spend tokens inside the app. these coins will given the community when users and approvers need access premium features the app finance other future expansion. tokens stored the reserve fund users will able unlock premium functions spending their tokens specific smart contracts that will lock tokens for fixed amount time. after the deadline, tokens will returned their owners. through special explorer, the system will detect the amount tokens stored and will enable special functions according the level the deposit. friendz competitive advantage seed stage projects existing companies while analysing portion the projects funded the past, noticed that the majority them were new business ideas rather startups whose main objective was collect enough money through ico develop the prototype the alpha version their service and hire members the future team. these projects can referred "seed projects", characterized high degree risk and probability fail. believe the interest users and client companies look for real companies and projects, sustained sound business proposals, super skilled team and compelling vision. clients advertising campaigns +eurm revenues create top-quality services for our clients and involve and engage the community, online and offline daily basis. our business does not need further validation since has been validated over the last two years and hence the project risk reduced considerably. ico will help friendz its global expansion and community growth plan, inviting progressively higher number people and companies interested the world cryptocurrencies download and use our app and try our services. users active monthly users outstanding people friendz has remarkable competitive advantage compared other icos the market. friendz has been operation for two years now, and has acquired well over clients (the main ones are big brands and multinational enterprises) that bought advertising campaigns worth total over eur revenues within that period. our community composed more than users from all over italy whom are active monthly basis. our team made more than outstanding people that work side side around europe the long term plan the long term what's new what are already doing the long term friendz core business will become the creation and validation contents processed huge and multinational community. the long term, want provide every online-activity-as-a-service, developing platform where companies looking for mass interactivity social media can find large communities involve their marketing activities. users' activity won't limited participation digital advertising campaigns only, but will extended every kind online activity. this why this part the paper will focusing activities. the model described above absolutely valid and adaptable other market segments the process business expansion. from the user's side, friendz platform won't subjected particular changes: users will still receive invitation join the activities and, they follow the rules and complete the task required the companies, they will rewarded. users will asked take part different activities such as: taking picture, recording video, answering questions, participating surveys, sharing links, translating articles. the activity respects friendz terms and conditions and the community policy terms size, difficulty, legality and decorum. the approvers will rewarded for their activity and won't held responsible for the results delivered the activity after has been approved. contents approvers will validate the provided contents following the same method used for the campaigns, without any alteration. will maintain the adoption the ranking system order always guarantee top-quality services. the activity approvers will validate the activity setup, making sure line with the client's requirements. they will check that all the details needed realize the activity have been provided, that any misunderstandings are avoided. addition, they will check that what's new? there are few differences the long term model compared the existing one, mainly the following areas: clients services will offer our services not only brands their attempt reach final users, but also companies which will adopt friendz platform for internal operations for outsourcing services the behalf other companies. will also gain the interest clients coming from the cryptosphere. friendz will offer content creation and validation services based decentralized system which can easily adapted businesses different nature. examples possible use the service are testing app review bug testing market research activity setup ico marketing campaigns big data stores recruiting contest creation lead generation clients will have the possibility set activity entirely from the beginning the end, and provide the guidelines for its realisation. addition the options already listed the model for digital advertising campaigns, while creating the new activities they can also: name their activity and specify the kind content required e.g. market research carry out survey select the target the basis their skills specify the content will visible establish the campaign costs and the size users and approvers' reward not all the contents are visible online not all the contents are visible online the activity setup, clients can specify they want the content created visible not e.g. the case advertising campaigns will be, for app review bug testing activities will not. what are already doing have already developed some the services that said will provided through the adoption the blockchain. particular have far been providing: content production market research surveys and reports lead generation provide the best licensed contents created our community contests creation events facebook that require the participation users who are rewarded for their activities when they win. token sale overview token distribution use proceeds overview friendz coins are utility tokens erc based ethereum blockchain. friendz ico will start march, the and will run for three weeks until the hard cap reached. all friendz coins will available during the ico event. overview token name friendz coins token symbol fdz total fdz token amount ,,, fdz available ico (hard cap) fdz emission rate new tokens will not ever created. all the unsold tokens will destroyed. conversion rate fdz usd locked ico event exchange rates during ico event ico power hour fdz usd yes ico day fdz usd ico week fdz usd ico week fdz usd minimum transaction amount eth main ico distribution period march march token distribution smart contract will distribute tokens instantly after successful transfer eth minimum goal fdz hard cap fdz the minimum goal not met, eth will returned contributors. not accept contributions from u.s. person chinese resident. token sale token distribution token distribution the total amount tokens created will available during the ico event. the tokens will assigned internal reserve fund, order create deposit locked tokens that will used for future financing, expand the business worldwide beyond european countries. the tokens the reserve fund will locked for months. the tokens will our partners remuneration for their support our business. partners include tax, accounting, legal, strategic, marketing and other partners. the total amount tokens will provided the advisors and will locked for months, make sure they will committed the project well for sufficient amount time. the tokens will rewarded the team over time for their important role value creation the project whole, order motivate them and gain their total commitment all tokens will available the company liquidity fund. this fund will used only necessary. will provided contributors through bounty programs. team bounty program liquidity fund advisors partners ico reserve fund token sale token distribution locking scheme intend lock the tokens for fixed period reduce the probability dump when friendz tokens hit the market, something that usually happens most new tokens. tokens assigned the reserve fund, advisors, team and ico power hour will locked for months and made available proportionally. the tokens will available monthly basis, for the amount. bonus rates friendz ico will have the following bonus structure for the ico event. bonus (%) ico power hour ico day ico week ico week all the transactions received during the power hour (first hour the ico event) will have the right bonus based the official ico token price. all the transactions received after the first day during the first week the ico event will have the right bonus based the official ico token price. all the transactions received after the first hour during the first day the ico event will have the right bonus based the official ico token price. our ico will start march, the and will run for three weeks until the hard cap reached. token sale use proceeds use proceeds the funds collected the ico process will used for three main purposes: expand our business abroad create multinational community develop technical improvements currently, friendz active italy and spain. intend expand our business other countries around the world, starting from the most relevant markets the european union and extending all the european countries outside the european union that are investing actively the digital marketing, the end the long term, our efforts will focused the creation business suitable for the delivery the new services intend provide. will not only offer digital advertising services, but number other products that will involve huge multinational community. order this, need achieve key technical and strategic improvements, including the acquisition assets and licences, mergers, acquisitions and other extraordinary finance operations with other companies necessary the international development. business development marketing personnel and professionals development g&a others ico partners ico partners established strategic partnerships that help develop our business. the rock trading triboo exchange commercial partner the rock trading ltd. one the oldest cryptovalue exchanges allowing the trade bitcoin, litecoin, ether, peercoin, zcash, xrp and finally friendz coins. with over years experience, users and btc traded last year, friendz proud listed their platform, considered the most reliable proxy for fiat money exchange the market. e-commerce, online marketing, advertising: triboo unique digital ecosystem, addressing different customer segments through targeted propositions from advertising sales. triboo group listed company, leader the italian digital marketing scene and friendz marketing and commercial partner. roadmap what already did future expansion what already did unforgettable milestones characterised the story friendz the last two years, but the future yet come with new goals achieved. sept feb the app has been officially launched started collaborate with our first clients friendz was born and its business model was validated the first hundreds users sept jun friendz received eur financing round that made the development strategic and commercial partnerships possible our community counted downloads feb revenues amount eur our team composed people and the community grew dimension, counting users within nov future expansion decentralising digital advertising introduction creativity approvers ico event central europe expansion friendz services clients widget payment system for commercial partners users internal wallet the nordics south america eastern europe north america asia and australia the extent the expansion and the activities carried out can depend the amount collected during the ico. the team the founders the development team the marketing team friendz team the founders friendz has three co-founders: alessandro cadoni, daniele scaglia and cecilia nostro. all young and determined, they are passionate entrepreneurs with the dream revolutionising the world digital marketing. they love the project and have never missed opportunity demonstrate their commitment, having left their full time jobs and dedicated their hearts and souls fully the company. the key element that has made friendz success story the perfect synergy the founders' personalities: one pragmatic, one thoughtful and another extrovert, together they combined their unique skills order achieve success. daniele scaglia cecilia nostro alessandro cadoni master degree industrial process engineering politecnico milano graduated economics and management universita torino italy, with double degree management switzerland and argentina master degree management engineering politecnico milano and liuc university daniele the head operations division responsible for internal processes and communications: organizes the workflow making sure that everything runs perfectly. also charge managing campaigns' creation process together with the operations team. cecilia head marketing and sales division she responsible for the communication with clients: she meets clients and makes them fall love with friendz. she manages the relationships with clients from the initial brief the final report. moreover, she always has eye open marketing and activities, working closely with the marketing sales team. alessandro the head community division responsible for the communication with users: establishes the guidelines and involved the management wide range tasks from engagement activities, social media communication, customer care, together with the community team. the development team our cto giorgio pallocca has developed passion for since was when programmed his first video pascal. giorgio pallocca has refined and improved his technical skills over the years. some the relevant professional experiences that are worth mentioning are his role the head development ohmygoodness inc. palo alto startup managing about users per day), and later the ceo and cto dexma and netlex. netlex has since been acquired teamsystem, european software company with turnover about eur per year. giorgio pallocca head development division responsible for the system and blockchain architecture: charge developing the platforms, smart contracts and together with the development team takes care the system security. meet the team superheroes that developed our platform flavio lanternini blockchain developer mario soprano blockchain developer dario dantino frontend developer alessandro serafini backend developer the marketing team meet the team behind our communication strategy martina pirisi community manager eng silvia romano graphic designer simona fontana project manager roberto addeo community specialist francesca bianchi community specialist ornella bonito sahir parmar community specialist community specialist friendz team friendz team actually composed people working different locations i.e milan, rome and madrid. community taking care users, customer assistance and managing campaigns marketing&sales making companies fall love with friendz and telling the world that are great! operations creating new campaigns, conveying brand messages, dealing with clients giulio corno strategic support president triboo group our team definitely our most valuable asset: extremely important for us, that every new member the team passionate about what doing, wants disruptive his initiatives and conscious that his work unique and fundamental. hired the first team members taking into consideration their personality and motivation rather than specific technical competences. more importantly have never shied away from welcoming people without any work experience our company. the contrary, believe that the attitude, energy and determination typical newcomer, could provide that added value are always looking for make our projects special. over time have also teamed with technicians and competent advisors who have made great contribution developing and continually improving our services. friendz coin legal and crowdsale friendz coin legal and crowdsale general informations the friendz coin does not have the legal qualification security, since does not give any rights dividends interests. fdz token does not have the legal qualification payment token, since not intended used means payment acquire goods services third parties, means money value transfer. the sale fdzs final and non-refundable. fdzs are not shares and not give any right participate the general meeting friendz. fdz cannot have performance particular value outside the friendz network. fdz shall therefore not used purchased for speculative investment purposes. the purchaser fdz aware that national securities laws, which ensure that investors are sold investments that include all the proper disclosures and are subject regulatory scrutiny for the investors' protection, are not applicable. anyone purchasing fdz expressly acknowledges and represents that she/he has carefully reviewed this white paper and fully understands the risks, costs and benefits associated with the purchase fdz. knowledge required the purchaser fdz undertakes that she/he understands and has significant experience cryptocurrencies, blockchain systems and services, and that she/he fully understands the risks associated with the crowdsale well the mechanism related the use cryptocurrencies (incl. storage). friendz shall not responsible for any loss fdz situations making impossible access fdzs, which may result from any actions omissions the user any person undertaking acquire fdzs, well case hacker attacks. risks acquiring fdz and storing them involves various risks, particular the risk that friendz may not able further develop its operations and develop its blockchain and provide the services promised. therefore, and prior acquiring fdzs, any user should carefully consider the risks, costs and benefits acquiring fdz the context the crowdsale and, necessary, obtain any independent advice this regard. any interested person who not the position accept understand the risks associated with the activity any other risks indicated the terms conditions the crowdsale should not acquire fdzs. important disclaimer this white paper shall not and cannot considered invitation enter into investment. does not constitute relate any way nor should considered offering securities any jurisdiction. the white paper does not include nor contain any information indication that might considered recommendation that might use base any investment decision. this document does not constitute offer invitation sell shares, securities rights belonging friendz any related associated company. the fdz just utility token which can used only the friendz platform and not intended used investment. the offering fdz trading platform done order allow the use the friendz platform and not for speculative purposes. the offering fdz trading platform not changing the legal qualification the token, which remains simple means for the use the friendz platform and not security. friendz not considered advisor any legal, tax financial matters. any information the white paper given for general information purpose only and friendz does not provide with any warranty the accuracy and completeness this information. given the lack crypto-token qualifications most countries, each buyer strongly advised carry out legal and tax analysis concerning the purchase and ownership friendz's according their nationality and place residence. friendz today not financial intermediary according swiss law and not required obtain any authorization for anti-money laundering purpose. this qualification may change case friendz will offers services which are considered qualifying financial intermediation activity. this case, the use friendz services may require the positive conclusion aml/kyc identification process. fdzs confer direct indirect right friendz's capital income, nor does confer any governance right within friendz; fdz not proof ownership right control over friendz and does not grant the controlling individual any asset share friendz, the friendz network. fdz does not grant any right participate control over friendz's management decision-making set-up, over the friendz network and governance the purchasers. regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated cryptocurrencies the world. that respect, regulatory measures, investigations actions may impact friendz's business and even limit prevent from developing its operations the future. any person undertaking acquire fdz must aware the friendz business model, the white paper terms and conditions may change need modified because new regulatory and compliance requirements from any applicable laws any jurisdictions. such case, purchasers and anyone undertaking acquire fdz acknowledge and understand that neither friendz nor any its affiliates shall held liable for any direct indirect loss damage caused such changes. friendz will its utmost launch its operations and develop the friendz platform. anyone undertaking acquire fdz acknowledges and understands that friendz will launch its first services the start the crowdsale. other services available the fdz token purchasers may offered later stage, according the whitepaper. concluding the commercial operation, these tokens will issued technical process referred this open source protocol over which the company has rights liability terms its development and operation. the token distribution mechanism will controlled smart contract; this involves computer program that can executed the ethereum network blockchain network that compatible with smart contract programming language. they acknowledge and understand therefore that friendz (incl. its bodies and employees) assumes liability responsibility for any loss damage that would result from relate the incapacity use fdz except case intentional misconduct gross negligence. fdz based the ethereum protocol. therefore, any malfunction, unplanned function unexpected operation the ethereum protocol may cause the friendz network friendzs malfunction operate way that not expected. ether, the native ethereum protocol account unit may itself lose value similar way fdzs, and also other ways. representation and warranties participating the crowdsale, the purchaser agrees the above and particular, they represent and warrant that they: have read carefully the terms and conditions attached the white paper; agree their full contents and accept legally bound them; are authorized and have full power purchase fdz according the laws that apply their jurisdiction domicile; are not u.s. citizen, resident entity "u.s. person") nor are they purchasing friendz signing behalf u.s. person; are not chinese resident entity nor are they purchasing friendz token signing behalf chinese resident; live jurisdiction which allows friendz sell fdz through crowdsale without requiring any local authorization and are compliance with the local, state, and national laws and regulations when purchasing, selling and/or using friendzs; are familiar with all related regulations the specific jurisdiction which they are based and that purchasing cryptographic tokens that jurisdiction not prohibited, restricted subject additional conditions any kind; will not use the crowdsale for any illegal activity, including but not limited money laundering and the financing terrorism; purchase fdz because they wish have access the friendz platform; have sufficient knowledge about the nature the cryptographic tokens and have significant experience with, and functional understanding of, the usage and intricacies dealing with cryptographic tokens and currencies and blockchain-based systems and services; purchase fdz because they wish have access the friendz platform; are not purchasing fdz for the purpose speculative investment usage. governing law arbitration the client acknowledges and accepts that the friendz ico operation taking place within swiss legal environment that still under development. the parties agree seek amicable settlement prior bringing any legal action. all disputes arising with the with papers provided, shall resolved arbitration accordance with the swiss rules international arbitration the swiss chambers commerce force the date when the notice arbitration submitted accordance with these rules. the arbitration panel shall consist one arbitrator only. the seat the arbitration shall lugano, switzerland. the arbitral proceedings shall conducted english. fdzs will not listed any regulated stock exchange, such six swiss exchange, six. these terms have been prepared without regard the legal standards for prospectuses under art. art. the swiss code obligations the legal standards for facilitated prospectuses under art. the collective investment schemes act ("cisa") art. ff. the six listing rules the listing rules any other stock exchange switzerland. neither these terms nor any other material relating the offer, friendz fdzs will have been filed with approved any swiss regulatory authority. specifically, these terms will not filed with, and the offer fdzs will not supervised by, the swiss financial market supervisory authority finma (finma). furthermore, the offer fdzs has not been and will not authorized under the cisa. thus, the protection which given purchasers interests units collective investment schemes under the cisa does not extend purchasers fdzs.