fujinto whitepaper http://fujinto.io talbe contents introdution............................................................................................................ tourism....................................................................................................... problem....................................................................................................... solution....................................................................................................... vision....................................................................................................................... fujinto................................................................................................................... fujinto acounts....................................................................................... message and transactions..................................................................... ico............................................................................................................................ token distribution ................................................................................... ico parameters ........................................................................................ uses funds raised................................................................................. roadmap................................................................................................................. fujinto whitepaper http://fujinto.io introduction the past few years, the world tourism has much conditions grow strong; the world changing with scientific and technological leaps; the world economy continues grow; the people's life constantly improved .in this context, the demand for travel the people objective and fast growing demand. the development information technology has changed the way people interact and share information, especially the impact social networking and internet applications, mobile phones increasingly popular. tourism myhospiworld, here are the brief numbers that show the importance and role the tourism industry the rest the world, well the "bottom line" for sustainable development. and certainly the potential economic sector remains "latent". tourism industry accounts for global gdp people, has person works tourism industry trillion exports the world export from million international tourists increased million visitors and the number international visitors billion. billion international visitors until the crux sustainable development large number new tourism destinations are being formed and receiving investment from investors around the world, making tourism key factor the socio-economic development process. over the past six decades, the tourism industry has experienced and continues grow, expand and become more diverse than ever, gradually becoming one the fastest growing economic factors the world. many new destinations are being formed the same time continents, which have long been the cradle world tourism, such europe north america. fujinto whitepaper http://fujinto.io despite the crises going on, international tourists have shown unstoppable development, with million million million and million according general perception the world tourism organization (unwto), the future, tourism continues grow global scale. the number international visitors forecasted reach billion tourist with purpose visits, health and religion will account for the total number international tourists; for the purpose sightseeing, relaxation, recreation, entertainment accounted for and for the purpose job and occupation accounted the development information technology has changed the way people interact and share information tourist, especially the impact social networking and internet applications, mobile phones increasingly popular. the experience countries which has development tourism industry shows that when internet users are increasing, advertising using online payment tools channel that the tourism industry can not ignore. according statistics, the collection major travel companies around the world, more than people online before the selection tours. according neilson report, global online travel sales reached billion .%. asiapacific and america-latin are the two markets which contribute for this impressive growth. even, neilson forecast that asia-pacific will first time surpass north america, becoming the world's largest online travel market. problem with the development social media, online applications, travelers can now easy search and book their own hotels, motels and flight online rather than booking via service agencies. however, there difficulty paying method with the service provider, especially with international travel. below description the payment process when booking through the website online payment application customer money the bank intermediary payment money service provider units fujinto whitepaper http://fujinto.io the money that visitors use for booking must through provider intermediary payment services (banks, paypal, neteller, visa ..) and then reach the service provider. this process leads long waiting duration foreign currency exchange (when traveling internationally) high fees privacy (all your transactions may tracked) security risk. your privacy and money rely the payment service provider. solution fujinto created make the paying process the website, online booking application easier and reduce the risk for the users. the fujinto token decentralized cryptocurrency based the ethereum blockchain platform and not controlled any central authorities. nto the symbol fujinto token, like jpy usd. nto was created cryptocurrency pay for hotel travel ticket reservations. nto the open source cryptocurrency, using advanced blockchain technology. with nto your money will stored your personal digital wallet, strictly confidential and absolutely private. the transaction, money from the sending account will come directly the recipient, not through any intermediaries. here the description when you use the payment with nto customer service provider units nto using nto makes payments much faster and more convenient transaction confirmed and completed almost immediately. fees are much lower privacy (no one can track your transactions personal information) proactive and less risky with blockchain technology. fujinto whitepaper http://fujinto.io vision nto created with the purpose providing alternative payment method for transportation and accommodation booking websites. using nto, the booking process would simplified and more efficient for both providers and consumers. furthermore, one does not need pay huge amount for transaction change currency fee because using international transfer system. addition, nto secured payment solution with minimal transaction fee and the amount will transferred user's account within milliseconds. fujinto team has many years experience building and developing online payment solution which the foundation introducing fujinto service. firstly, fujinto will linked with accommodation and transportation websites which allows nto used one the secured payment methods other than cash. number potential partners that are romerio.com, goeuro.com, skyscanner, momondo, seat.com, rail europe, beurope.com, loco.com, captaintrain.com, busradar.com, eurolines, megabus, student agency bus, bus, greyhound.com, amtrak.com, kayak.com, traveloka.com transportations) airbnb.com, only-apartments.com, booking.com, hotelscombined.com, expedia.com, agoda.com (accommodation booking) tripadvisor, foursquare (tourism services) secondly, introducing fujinto application that quicken accomdation and transportation booking services with nto currcency and applied blockchain technology which helps the fujinto more secured and safe for users. fujinto the intent fujinto create alternative protocol for building decentralized applications, providing different set tradeoffs that believe will very useful for large class decentralized applications, with particular emphasis situations where rapid development time, security for small and rarely used applications, and the ability different applications very efficiently interact, are important. fujinto does this building what essentially the ultimate fujinto whitepaper http://fujinto.io abstract foundational layer: blockchain with built-in turing-complete programming language, allowing anyone write smart contracts and decentralized applications where they can create their own arbitrary rules for ownership, transaction formats and state transition functions. bare-bones version namecoin can written two lines code, and other protocols like currencies and reputation systems can built under twenty. smart contracts, cryptographic "boxes" that contain value and only unlock certain conditions are met, can also built top the platform, with vastly more power than that offered bitcoin scripting because the added powers turing-completeness, value-awareness, blockchain-awareness and state. nto accounts nto, the state made objects called "accounts", with each account having -byte address and state transitions being direct transfers value and information between accounts. fujinto account contains four fields: the nonce, counter used make sure each transaction can only processed once the account's current nto balance the account's contract code, present the account's storage (empty default) ether the main internal crypto-fuel fujinto, and used pay transaction fees. general, there are two types accounts: externally owned accounts, controlled private keys, and contract accounts, controlled their contract code. externally owned account has code, and one can send messages from externally owned account creating and signing transaction. contract account, every time the contract account receives message its code activates, allowing read and write internal storage and send other messages create contracts turn. note that "contracts" nto should not seen something that should "fulfilled" "complied with"; rather, they are more like "autonomous agents" that live inside the nto execution environment, always executing specific piece code when "poked" message transaction, and having direct control over their own nto balance and their own key/value store keep track persistent variables. messages and transactions the term "transaction" used nto refer the signed data package that stores message sent from externally owned account. transactions contain: the recipient the message; signature identifying the sender; the amount nto transfer from the sender the recipient; fujinto whitepaper http://fujinto.io optional data field; startgas value, representing the maximum number computational steps the transaction execution allowed take; and gasprice value, representing the fee the sender pays per computational step. the first three are standard fields expected any cryptocurrency. the data field has function default, but the virtual machine has opcode with which contract can access the data. example use case, contract functioning on-blockchain domain registration service, then may wish interpret the data being passed containing two "fields", the first field being domain register and the second field being the address register to. the contract would read these values from the message data and appropriately place them storage. the startgas and gasprice fields are crucial for nto's anti-denial-of-service model.[] order prevent accidental hostile infinite loops other computational wastage code, each transaction required set limit how many computational steps code execution can use. the fundamental unit computation "gas"; usually, computational step costs gas, but some operations cost higher amounts gas because they are more computationally expensive, increase the amount data that must stored part the state. there also fee gas for every byte the transaction data. the intent the fee system require attacker pay proportionately for every resource that they consume, including computation, bandwidth and storage; hence, any transaction that leads the network consuming greater amount any these resources must have gas fee roughly proportional the increment. messages contracts have the ability send "messages" other contracts. messages are virtual objects that are never serialized and exist only the fujinto execution environment. message contains: the sender the message (implicit); the recipient the message; the amount fujinto transfer alongside the message; optional data field; and startgas value. essentially, message like transaction, except produced contract and not external actor. message produced when contract currently executing code executes the callopcode, which produces and executes message. like transaction, message leads the recipient account running its code. thus, contracts can have relationships with other contracts exactly the same way that external actors can. note that the gas allowance assigned transaction contract applies the total gas consumed that transaction and all sub-executions. for example, external actor sends transaction with gas; consumes gas before sending message and the internal execution consumes gas before returning; then can spend another gas before running out gas. nto state transition function fujinto whitepaper http://fujinto.io the nto state transition function, apply(s,tx) can defined follows: check the transaction well-formed (ie. has the right number values), the signature valid, and the nonce matches the nonce the sender's account. not, return error. calculate the transaction fee startgas gasprice, and determine the sending address from the signature. subtract the fee from the sender's account balance and increment the sender's nonce. there not enough balance spend, return error. initialize gas startgas, and take off certain quantity gas per byte pay for the bytes the transaction. transfer the transaction value from the sender's account the receiving account. the receiving account does not yet exist, create it. the receiving account contract, run the contract's code either completion until the execution runs out gas. the value transfer failed because the sender did not have enough money, the code execution ran out gas, revert all state changes except the payment the fees, and add the fees the miner's account. otherwise, refund the fees for all remaining gas the sender, and send the fees paid for gas consumed the miner. for example, suppose that the contract's code is: !self.storage[calldataload()]: self.storage[calldataload()] calldataload() note that reality the contract code written the low-level evm code; this example written serpent, one our high-level languages, for clarity, and can compiled down evm code. suppose that the contract's storage starts off empty, and transaction sent with fujinto fujinto whitepaper http://fujinto.io value, gas, ether gasprice, and bytes data, with bytes representing the number and bytes representing the string charlie.[note there was contract the receiving end the transaction, then the total transaction fee would simply equal the provided gasprice multiplied the length the transaction bytes, and the data sent alongside the transaction would irrelevant. note that messages work equivalently transactions terms reverts: message execution runs out gas, then that message's execution, and all other executions triggered that execution, revert, but parent executions not need revert. this means that "safe" for contract call another contract, calls with gas then a's execution guaranteed lose most gas. finally, note that there opcode, create, that creates contract; its execution mechanics are generally similar call, with the exception that the output the execution determines the code newly created contract. ico token distribution million tokens) are reserved for early adopters pre-ico million tokens) will available for crowdsale. million tokens) are reserved for ico bonuses. million tokens) will remain the fujinto foundation until the official exchange launched, the tokens will used form stable market and for further development. million tokens) will distributed among team members fujinto whitepaper http://fujinto.io ico parameters ico start date august utc ico end date september utc ico tokens amount ntos total bonus amount ntos token exchange rate eth ntos minimum transaction amount ntos eth) maximum transaction amount ntos eth) total sale goal eth minimal sale goal eth currency accepted only eth ico bonuses week week week week bonus uses funds raised will used for support market will used for marketing, seo, promos will used for admin and operation will used for development. fujinto tokens distribution not available u.s and hong kong residents. after ico nto will available for purchase cryptocurrency exchanges. fujinto whitepaper http://fujinto.io roadmap quarter early august: presale period mid august: initial coin offering (ico) period late august: available for purchase cryptocurrency exchanges working fujinto and introducing nto accommodation websites such airbnb.com, only-apartments.com, booking.com, hotelscombined.com, expedia.com, agoda.com quarter working fujinto and introducing nto romerio.com, goeuro.com, skyscanner, momondo, seat.com, rail europe, b-europe.com, loco.com, captaintrain.com, busradar.com. quarter working fujinto and introducing nto greyhound.com, amtrak.com, kayak.com, traveloka.com. testing fujinto application. quarter working fujinto and introducing nto eurolines, megabus, student agency bus, bus. fujinto beta realease. quarter launching fujinto application.