function concept paper function version december version january case discrepancies among other languages, the english version shall prevail. this concept paper will periodically updated. prologue this concept paper written introduce the function ecosystem, which includes the xphone. also addresses the relationship between the xpos and function pundi has always been community-driven project. have lived the mission making sure the community comes first and are constantly learning from discussions and interactions social media and real-life meetings. with all discussions, there always background noise but have found gems these community discussions. one such example question which found constantly lingering the back our mind, "has blockchain changed the world the internet did the 's, and the automobile the 's?". many might argue that has, given the rise many blockchain projects with vast potential different dimensions (like ours, may add). but the question remains, "can blockchain ever become what the internet, know today, has the world?" function universal decentralized internet which powered blockchain technology and smart devices. over the past few months, the process implementing and deploying the xpos solution, believe found the answer the question. nimble development team was set bring the answer life. discovered that indeed possible bring blockchain the world telephony, data transmission, storage and other industries; world far beyond financial transactions and transfers. this supported end-user smart devices functioning blockchain nodes. these devices include the xpos and xphone developed pundi and will also include many other hardware devices manufactured other original equipment manufacturers. the vision want achieve for f(x) create fully autonomous and decentralized network that does not rely any individual, organization structure. due the nature the many new concepts introduced within this concept paper, have included q&a after each segment facilitate your understanding. will continuously update this paper reflect the progress we're making. function the internet was just the beginning the advent the internet has revolutionized the world. created communications layer robust that has resulted tcp/ip becoming the network standard. the internet also created wealth information disruptive that company like amazon threatened wipe out all the traditional brick-and-mortar bookstores. these bookstores were forced either adapt perish. the same applies the news publishing sector: the offerings google and facebook have caused the near extinction traditional newspapers. the digitalization the world with the internet has enabled tech behemoths like apple, amazon, google and facebook dominate and rule over traditional companies. the grip these tech giants extensive that makes you wonder the choices you make are truly your own influenced the data they have you user. see the blockchain revolution happening three phases. the first was how bitcoin showed the world what digital currency is. the second refers how ethereum has provided platform build decentralized assets easily. the clearest use case that has come the form the thousands altcoins seen today that all are familiar with. the third phase what many blockchain companies are trying now: bring the performance blockchain whole new level (transaction speed, throughput, sharding, etc.) and change the course traditional industries and platforms including the internet and user dynamics. public blockchains allow trustless transactions. everything can transacted the blockchain decentralized manner, the information will flow more efficiently than traditional offerings, without the interception intermediators. will level the playing field and prevent data monopolization thus allowing small innovators develop and flourish leveraging the resources and data shared the blockchain. the blockchain revolution will the biggest digital revolution order displace incumbent technology with something new, believe the change and improvement which the new technology has bring will have least tenfold improvement all aspects including speed, transparency, scalability and governance (consensus). are excited say that the time for this -times change here. it's time take with function function f(x) ecosystem built entirely and for the blockchain. everything f(x) (including the application source code, transmission protocol and hardware) completely decentralized and secure. every bit and byte f(x) part the blockchain. what have developed not just public chain. total decentralized solution. consists five core components: function operating system (os); function distributed ledger (blockchain); function ipfs; fxtp protocol and function decentralized docker. all five components serve single purpose which decentralize all services, apps, websites, communications and, most importantly, data. the purpose function allow smart hardware and iots harness the upside and potential utility the decentralization approach. have built in-house solution for how mobile phones can leverage function the form the xphone. other companies can also employ the function and further customize for their own smart devices. every smart device the function ecosystem can node and each will have its own address and private key, uniquely linked their node names. the based the android therefore benefiting from backward compatibility with android apps. the function supports android apps and google services (referred the traditional mode), well the newly developed decentralized services (referred the blockchain mode). other xphone features powered the function will elaborated the following sections. using the function ecosystem (namely function fxtp), the transmission data runs complex exchange public and private key data and encryption but never through centralized intermediary. hence guarantees communication without interception and gives users direct access the data shared others. any information that sent transacted over the function blockchain will also recorded the chain and fully protected encryption the owner/sender has control over data sharing. and that how decentralized system for communications works. for developers and users transitioning the function platform, will relatively seamless process. have intentionally designed the process creating and publishing new decentralized applications (dapps) function easy, such that the knowledge and experience from developing and using android will transferable. with that mind, single line code most traditional apps can modified, and developers can have their transmission protocol moved from the traditional http mode (centralized) decentralized mode, thus making the transmission "ownerless" because data can transmit through the network nodes without being blocked third parties. how services can ported easily built from scratch dapps will also explained the following sections, employing technologies the function ecosystem (namely function ipfs, fxtp protocol and decentralized docker). f(x) chain f(x) chain set consensus algorithms the form distributed ledger, part the function ecosystem. the blockchain the building block our distributed ledger that stores and verifies transactions including financials, payments, communications (phone calls, file transfers, storage), services (dapps) and more. will function launch mainnet? yes. the f(x) chain blockchain hence there will mainnet. when will the testnet launched? (projected). when will the mainnet launched? (projected). how the function blockchain designed? the f(x) chain designed based the philosophy that any blockchain should able address real-life market demand constantly growing peer-to-peer network. blockchain with high throughput achieved with combination decentralized hardware support (xpos, xphone, etc.) and open-source software toolkit enhancements. what are the physical devices that will connected the function blockchain? due course, the xpos will replaced the f(x) os. the other hand, the xphone was designed with full f(x) integration mind, from the ground up. after the f(x) onboarding, and with adequate stability testings and improvements, xpos and xphone will then connected the f(x) chain. what are the different elements block? anything that transmittable over the distributed network can stored the block, including but not limited phone call records, websites, data packets, source code, etc. worth noting that throughout these processes, all data encrypted and only the owner the private key has the right decide how the data should shared, stored, decrypted even destroyed. which consensus mechanism used? practical byzantine fault tolerance (pbft). what are the other implementations practical byzantine fault tolerance (pbft)? flight systems that require very low latency. for example, spacex's flight system, dragon, uses pbft design philosophy. [appendix] how you create much faster public chain? believe achieving higher speed, thus hardware and software configurations matter. your hardware limited numbers processing power, this will limit the transaction speed which may pose security risks. the ethereum network consists about nodes spread across the globe now, just two years after was launched. meanwhile, the bitcoin network currently has around nodes verifying the network. for pundi with the deployment plan (by and our partners) for xpos, xphone and potentially other smart devices, anticipate that will able surpass the number bitcoin and ethereum nodes within years. there are also plans for very competitive software implementation our public blockchain, the details for which will sharing the near future. f(x) the f(x) android-modified operating system that also blockchain-compatible. you can switch seamlessly between the blockchain and the traditional mode. the blockchain mode, every bit and byte fully decentralized including your calls, messages, browsers and apps. when traditional mode, the f(x) supports all android features. android the most open and advanced operating system for smart hardware with over billion monthly active users. using android also fits into our philosophy being os/software designer and letting third-party hardware makers produce the hardware for the function ecosystem. what kind open source will be? this has not been finalized, but the options are currently considering are apache gnu gplv. what kind hardware will work on? the f(x) works arm architecture, hence works most smartphones, tablet computers, smart tvs, android auto and smartwatches the market. will you build new browser? are currently using modified version the google chrome browser. the browser supports both http and fxtp, which means that apart from distributed fxtp contents, users can view traditional contents, such https://www.google.com. what the node name system (nns)? nns distributed version the traditional domain name system. nns allows every piece function hardware, including the xphone, have unique identity. this identity will the unique identifier and can called anything with digits and numbers, such 'johndoe' 'alicebob'. more nns the following sections. will third-party device running the f(x) automatically connected the f(x) blockchain? yes, third-party devices will connected the f(x) blockchain automatically. f(x) fxtp transmission protocol defines the rules allow information sent via network. the internet, http transmission protocol that governs how information such website contents can sent, received and displayed. fxtp transmission protocol for the decentralized network. fxtp different from http because end-to-end transmission whereby your data can sent, received and displayed based consensus mechanism rather than clientserver based decision-making mechanism. http, the server (which controlled entity) decides how and the data sent (or even monitored), whereas fxtp, the data sent out and propagates the destination based consensus. http functions request-response protocol the client-server computing model. web browser, for example, may the client and application running computer hosting website may the server. fxtp functions propagation protocol via consensus model. node that propagates the protocol and its packet content both "client" and "server", hence whether packet reaches destination not determined any intermediate party and this makes more secure. f(x) ipfs ipfs protocol and network designed store data distributed system. person who wants retrieve file will call identifier (hash) the file, ipfs then combs through the other nodes and supplies the person with the file. the file stored the ipfs network. you run your own node, your file would stored only your node and available for the world download. someone else downloads and seeds it, then the file will stored both your node the node the individual who downloaded (similar bittorrent). ipfs decentralized and more secure, which allows faster file and data transfer. f(x) ddocker docker computer program designed make easier create, deploy, and run applications. containers allow developer package application including libraries, and ship all out package. the name suggests, decentralized docker open platform for developers build, ship and run distributed applications. developers will able store, deploy and run their codes remote different locations and the codes are secure decentralized way. xphone beyond crypto: first true blockchain phone that secured and decentralized the core xphone the world's first blockchain phone which designed with innovative features that are not found other smartphones. powered function ecosystem built entirely and for the blockchain, xphone runs new transmission protocol for the blockchain age. the innovation significantly expands the use blockchain technology beyond financial transfers. unlike traditional phones which require centralized service provider, xphone runs independently without the need for that. users can route phone calls and messages via blockchain nodes without the need for phone numbers. once the xphone registered the network, for e.g., user named pitt, someone wants access pitt's publicly shared data content, that user can just enter fxtp://xxx.pitt. this similar what for the traditional https:// protocol. whether pitt sharing photos, data, files website, they can accessed through this path. and pitt's friends would like contact him, they can call, text email his xphone simply entering "call.pitt", "message.pitt", "mail.pitt". the transmission data runs complex exchange public and private key data with encryption. can guarantee communication without interception and gives users direct access the data shared others. any information that sent transacted over the function blockchain will also recorded the chain. toggle between now and the future blockchain-based calling and messaging can toggled and off the phone operating system which built android xphone users can enjoy all the blockchain has offer, well the traditional functionalities android smartphone. we'll sharing more about the availability the xphone and further applications function the near future. dapps dapps for mass adoption far the use decentralized applications has been disappointing. but what there was straightforward way bring popular, existing apps into decentralized environment, without rebuilding everything? until now, much what call peer-to-peer 'decentralized' services continue built centralized networks. set out change that with function disperse content now stored the hands the few, and evolve services currently controlled central parties. use cases: sharing economy seen from our ride-hailing dapp example that was demonstrated new york back november moving towards true decentralization empowers the providers services and not the intermediaries. the same way, the xphone returns power users over how their data being shared and with whom. function will empower content creators determine how their work being displayed and used. use cases: free naming one the earliest alternative cryptocurrencies, namecoin, wanted use blockchain provide name registration system, where users can register their names create unique identity. similar the dns system mapping addresses. with the node name system (nns) now possible this the blockchain. nns distributed version the traditional domain name system. nns allows every piece function hardware, including the xphone, have unique identifier that can named anything with digits and numbers, such 'johndoe' 'alicebob'. use cases: mobile data currency according study, mobile operator data revenues are estimated over billion usd equivalent billion usd per month [appendix]. assuming users are able use services such blockchain calls provided xphone (or other phones using function the savings will immense and the gain from profit can passed providers such dapp developers function other words, instead paying hefty bills mobile carrier for voice calls, users can pay less making blockchain calls, and the fees paid are f(x) coins. more importantly users will have complete privacy over their calls. use cases: decentralized file storage ethereum contracts claim allow for the development decentralized file storage ecosystem, "where individual users can earn small quantities money renting out their own hard drives and unused space can used further drive down the costs file storage." however, they not necessarily have the hardware back this up. with the deployment xpos, smart hardware nodes and more, function natural fit for decentralized file storage. fact, basically what f(x) ipfs built for. these are just four examples the many use cases purported, and there can, will and should more practical applications beyond these; are right the middle uncharted territories. tokenomics decentralized and autonomous the f(x) ecosystem fully decentralized. it's designed and built run autonomously perpetuity without the reliance supervision any individual organization. support this autonomous structure, f(x) coin which the underlying 'currency' within the f(x) ecosystem has decentralized terms its distribution, allocation, control, circulation and the way it's being generated. get the structure f(x) properly set up, the founding team will initially act 'initiators' and 'guardians' the ecosystem. the role the team will similar being gatekeeper prevent any bad actors stakeholders playing foul. the same time, the team will facilitate good players grow within the ecosystem. once the f(x) ecosystem and running, the role the founding team will irrelevant and phased out. the long term intention the team step away, allowing the ecosystem run and flourish itself. utility this section, will explore the utility the f(x) coin. f(x) coin the native 'currency' the function blockchain and ecosystem. all services rendered the ecosystem will processed, transacted with, "fueled" the f(x) coin. some the proposed use cases include: for service providers: getting paid developers, companies and consumers for providing storage nodes, ddocker and improvement network connections. the role service providers will described greater detail the rest the paper. for consumers: paying for service fees for the dapps, nodes, network resources, storage solutions and other services consumed within the f(x) ecosystem. for developers: paying for services and resources rendered the ecosystem such smart contract creation, file storage (paid ipfs service provider), code hosting (paid ddocker service provider), advertisements (paid other developers) and design works. developers can also get paid enterprises organizations that engaged the developer's services. for enterprises organizations: paying for services provided developers and advertisers. services provided consumers will charged and denominated f(x) coin. for phone and hardware manufacturers: paying for further function customizations. worth noting that pundi labs plan only build few thousand devices the xphone flagship handsets, and leave the subsequent market supply filled third-party manufacturers using our operating system. for financial institutions: receiving payments for financial services rendered the ecosystem. applications requiring high throughput. hence f(x) coin can used 'currency' for the below services, in-app purchases blockchain calls smart contract creations transaction fees advertisements hosting fees borderless/cross-border transactions believe f(x) coin utilization will invariably higher than other coins traditional chains due the breadth the f(x) ecosystem. this includes storage services and network resources f(x) that will utilize the f(x) coin "fuel" for execution and validation transactions. example developer creates ride-hailing dapp called duber. duber developer first uploads the image and data ipfs (storage) and code ddocker, respectively. the developer then pays for decentralized code hosting service provided the ddocker, and decentralized file hosting service provided the ipfs. please note the storage hosting and code hosting services can provided company, savvy home user with smart nodes connected the function ecosystem. subsequently, duber user pays the developer. example user alice sends imaginary token called abctoken bob. abctoken created using function smart contract. smart nodes hosted the home charlie help confirms the transaction, charlie paid alice (or both alice and bob). the flow f(x) coin four main participants f(x): consumer (blue), developer (blue), infrastructure (blue), and financial service provider (green) broadly speaking, there can four main participants the f(x) ecosystem, exhibited the diagram above: consumer: users enjoy the decentralized services available the f(x) ecosystem infrastructure service provider: providing infrastructures that make the f(x) ecosystem such those provided mobile carriers, decentralized clouds services. developer: building dapp the f(x) network such decentralized it, hospitality and financial services apps. financial service provider: providing liquidity for the f(x) coin acting exchange. the f(x) ecosystem's value proposition: infrastructure service providers can offer similar services that they already are providing other markets such fxtp, ddocker and ipfs, earn f(x) coin. developers can modify their existing android apps compatible with the f(x) environment effortlessly, and potentially earn f(x) coin. developers, the same time, also pay for the infrastructure services used for app creation. consumers immerse the decentralized app environments and pay for services used f(x) coin. developer and infrastructure service providers can earn rewards f(x) coin providing their services. they can also monetize through wide network financial service providers earn some profit, should they decide so. together, the four participants this ecosystem will create positive value flow. the number service providers grow, the quality service will enhanced, subsequently leading more adoption. similarly, more consumers means more value added the ecosystem attracting more service providers,and creating f(x) coin liquidity. deep liquidity f(x) coin will attract more financial service providers enhance the stability and quality liquidity. this will attract more service providers the ecosystem. figure: four main participants the ecosystem the rationale behind f(x) coin generation the proof service concept (pos) service providers are crucial the whole f(x) ecosystem, the problem motivation/facilitation has become our priority. have align our interests with theirs. hence, have set tipping jar (similar mining) motivate and facilitate the existing miners shift the f(x) ecosystem and become part the infrastructure service provider attract new players into our ecosystem. income for service provider service fee (from payer) tipping (from f(x) network generation) the idea that the f(x) blockchain will generate certain amount f(x) coin (diminishing annually) per second different segments service provider, such the year, the f(x) blockchain will generate f(x) coin per second and will distributed among the infrastructure service provider through the proof service concept. every service provider such infrastructure service providers, developers and financial service providers will receive 'certificate' proof service the blockchain after providing the service and redeeming the f(x) coin. example: there are ipfs providers the market, and the total tipping jar for that specific period million f(x) coin. party contributes tb; party contributes and party contributes tb. so, party will earn million f(x) coin; party will earn million f(x) coin. party will earn million f(x) coin. note: the computation method the distribution the tipping jar might vary due the differences the nature the service, period and party. figure: circulation flow f(x) coin the theory behind the computation. blockchain has integrated almost everything, such storage, scripts, nodes and communication. this requires large amount bandwidth and computation resources which affects the transaction speed and concurrency metric. order achieve the goal being scalable with high transaction speed, the f(x) blockchain has shifted out all the 'bulky' and 'heavy duty' functions onto other service providers, such ipfs, fxtp, etc. leave alone what blockchain technology does best: calibration. thus, the role the tipping jar distribute the appropriate tokens all participants. f(x) coin distribution per second via proof service (first year) fxtp infrastructure service ipfs infrastructure service ddocker infrastructure service node infrastructure service dapp developer financial financial service others others total f(x) coin table: projected f(x) coin distribution per second the first year according moore's law, the number transistors densely integrated circuit doubles about every months. thus, the performance hardware doubles every months. taking into consideration moore's law, eric schmidt said you maintain the same hardware specs, the earnings will cut half after months. therefore, the normal tipping jar (reward) for infrastructure service provider will decrease every months. order encourage infrastructure service providers upgrade their hardware, have set another iteration and innovation contribution pool (which worth the normal tipping jar the corresponding phase) encourage the infrastructure service provider embrace new technology. according the andy-bill's law, "what andy gives, bill takes away"; software will always nibble away the extra performance the hardware. the more performance piece hardware delivers, the more the software consumes. thus, the developer will always follow the trend maintain and provide high-quality service. the tipping jar will increase (based upon the previous quota) every months. financial service providers will have support the liquidation the whole ecosystem along the journey, the tipping jar (faas) will increase recognizing the contribution and encouraging innovation. from the year (th phase), the tipping jar will reduce every months. are well aware that the "cliff drop" after the year significant. hence, have created year (two-phase) diminishing transition period. the duration each phase months. there are phases total which will last for total years. according gartner's report, the blockchain industry forecast reach market cap trillion usd hence, believe tipping jar years will allow the growth function into the "mature life cycle" the blockchain industry. f(x) coin token allocation token allocation believe great blockchain projects attempt equitably balance the interests different segments the community. hope motivate and incentivize token holders allocating total tokens from the token generation event (tge). another allocated the ecosystem genesis fund for developer partnerships, exchanges and other such related purposes. the remaining will engineering, product development and marketing. there will public private sales for f(x) tokens. npxs npxsxem used make crypto payments easy buying bottled water, while f(x) used for the operation decentralized ecosystem and blockchain, consisting dapps and other services. npxs npxsxem will continue have the same functionality and purpose after the migration the function blockchain the future. therefore, each token will expected assume different fundamental roles and grant different rights the holders. token generation event percentage amount npxs npxsxem holders ecosystem genesis fund engineering product marketing total allocation for npxs npxsxem holders broken down into the following: used for staking (see below) used for converion f(x) tokens. (see below) used for extra bonus tasks over months (allocation tbd). staking f(x) tokens for npxs /npxsxem holders objective npxs npxsxem holders receives f(x) tokens while keeping npxs npxsxem tokens. eligibility all npxs npxsxem holders start date march gmt+ end date march gmt+ duration months to-do deposit holder deposits npxs npxsxem into xwallet and joins staking scheme. stake holder logs into xwallet twice month simple staking task. details ,,. f(x) tokens allocated for over months; ,,. f(x) tokens are allocated for distribution each month. example: bob deposits npxs xwallet and stakes; will receive approximately f(x) tokens annually. f(x) tokens monthly) remarks all npxs npxsxem holders are eligible part this allocation. android, ios and/or web version xwallet will available. all unclaimed stakes will transferred into the ecosystem genesis fund after months. conversion f(x) tokens for npxs /npxsxem holders objective npxs npxsxem holders receive f(x) tokens converting their npxs npxsxem tokens. eligibility all npxs npxsxem holders, except for citizens residents the people's republic china and malaysia. start date april/may end date months after start date durations months remarks all npxs npxsxem tokens that are converted will removed from the total supply npxs npxsxem; pundi will not convert company's npxs for f(x) tokens. this allocation designed for npxs/npxsxem long term holders. npxs npxsxem tokens that are converted will also entitled the f(x) token distribution right after the conversion. usage management the ecosystem genesis fund (egf) the purpose setting the ecosystem initialization fund, motivate, encourage and facilitate service providers join and root into the f(x) ecosystem and, the same time, attract seed consumers enrich and enlarge the f(x) ecosystem. eif comes from funds raised and will used bootstrap mechanism encourage adoption before the tipping jar incentives fully kicks in. the egf divided into parts: consumer (%): attract consumers and enlarge the customer base; developer (%): encourage developers create dapps the f(x) blockchain; infrastructure service provider (%): set shift the f(x) infrastructure; financial service provider (%): create trading platform for f(x) coin and increase liquidity; and emergency bridge reserve (%): facilitate help the stakeholders f(x) during extreme market condition implement the spirit decentralization and fairness, the egf will managed consensus-based committee, called the f(x) open market committee (fomc). legal described this concept paper, function (x) labs ltd. (the company) developing the f(x) ecosystem that includes the f(x) blockchain, f(x) os, f(x) fxtp, f(x)ipfs and f(x) ddocker. however, the company does not represent and cannot guarantee when, how whether the f(x) ecosystem and its components will materialize, adopted implemented. for those deciding participate the staking their npxs/npxsxem tokens and, they choose, participate the conversion program, would like draw your attention some the associated risks. foremost, staking and conversion does not constitute collective investment scheme. further, the company not indebted the token holders should they elect participate the staking and/or conversion. next, the following factors must observed with full attention and considered combination with all other information provided this concept paper. one more risks, regardless listed not, materialize, they could render the f(x) coins worthless little value. each risk must examined independently with equal thoroughness. risks can combine and intensify. have prepared this discussion the best our knowledge, but cannot guarantee its completeness. without professional advice from legal, tax and economic other experts, important aspects acquiring the f(x) token coin might not evaluated properly. regulations relating cryptocurrencies and tokens differ from jurisdiction jurisdiction. your responsibility investigate locally whether the token redemption program token sale constitutes violation law. the regulatory status cryptographic tokens, digital assets and blockchain technology unclear, evolving unsettled many jurisdictions. thus, difficult predict how whether governmental authorities will regulate such technologies well the degree and scope such regulation. likewise difficult predict how whether any governmental authority may make changes existing laws, regulations and/or rules that will affect cryptographic tokens, digital assets, blockchain technology and its applications. such changes could adversely impact function (x) and f(x) tokens and coins various ways, including, for example, through determination that f(x) tokens coins are regulated financial instruments that require registration. the company, through its board directors may unilaterally decide cease the distribution f(x) tokens coins, the development the f(x) ecosystem cease operations jurisdiction the event that governmental actions make unlawful commercially undesirable continue so. f(x) tokens cannot redeemed and are not being offered distributed u.s. persons persons the people's republic china persons malaysia. you are citizen, resident of, person located domiciled any these jurisdictions or, without limitation, any corporation partnership created organized under the laws any these countries, you are not permitted convert attempt convert f(x) tokens. the company does not guarantee and not representing any way that the f(x) tokens have any proprietary and/or personal rights, uses, purpose, attributes, functionalities features. the f(x) ecosystem still under development and may undergo significant changes over time. although company intends for the f(x) ecosystem have the features and specifications set forth this concept paper, company may make changes such features and specifications for any number reasons, and any party that adopts the f(x) ecosystem and launches applications functionality the f(x) ecosystem also may make changes, any which may mean that the f(x) ecosystem will not meet current expectations. forward-looking statements all statements that not relate historical facts must regarded forward-looking statements. this holds for this concept paper, well any statements anyone acting behalf function (x). these statements may identified forward-looking phrases and terms such "if", "may", "possible", "probable", "would", "could", "should", "anticipate", "believe", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "aim", "target", "plan", "can", "will" and similar terms. important note that this not exclusive nor exhaustive list for forward-looking statements. the use forward-looking statements indicates prediction, opposed historical fact. forward-looking statements represent analyses and estimates that are based known, well unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors internal external origin. they may negatively influence future results, well the business success function (x). the information contained this concept paper intended only for the purposes evaluating the proposed function (x) business. prospective participants the token conversion staking programs and/or f(x) token distribution should not rely solely the information this concept paper. strongly encourage you your own research. due the frequent changes the relevant policy, law and regulation, technical, economic and other factors, the information provided this concept paper might not accurate, reliable and final, and may change multiple occasions. essence, this concept paper business proposal business promotion document; shall not any case legally binding. the content stated this document just for reference and those participating the token conversion staking programs purchasers tokens coins should take extra precautions. what function x's legal entity? function labs ltd. limited liability company registered malta (company registration located the ground floor, palace court church street, st. julians, malta. function labs ltd. the company adheres all relevant laws and regulations malta with particular attention compliance with all specific aml/cft guidance well best practices related to, including but not limited know your customer ("kyc") and know your transaction ("kyt"). chose locate the legal entity for function (x) malta because believe the regulatory environment and government policies provide high standard governance, particularly with respect aml/cft and kyc requirements, while the same time encouraging the development innovative blockchain-based companies. present, there licensing requirement under the laws malta regulating the activities function labs ltd malta. summary time moves fast the technology world and even faster the blockchain space. pundi x's journey started october slightly over year ago, and have been operating lightning pace ever since, making progress that can only measured leaps and bounds. started blockchain payment solution provider and have evolved into blockchain service provider make blockchain technology more accessible the general public, thereby improving your everyday life. the creation function was driven the need create better suited platform for our blockchain point-of sale network and through that process, the capabilities function have allowed extend blockchain usage beyond finance applications like payment solutions and cryptocurrency. the complete decentralized ecosystem function will change and benefit organizations, developers, governments and most importantly, society whole. the xphone prototype which have created just the start give everyone taste the power function how you can benefit from truly decentralized environment. envision future where the xpos, xphone and other function x-enabled devices work hand-in-hand make the decentralized autonomous ecosystem reality. you may wonder how are able create such extensive ecosystem within short span time? are fortunate that today's open source and sharing economy, are able tap onto the already established protocols (such consensus algorithm, fxtp, etc), software (like android, ipfs, pbft, dockers, etc.) and hardware (design knowledge from existing experts) which were developed selfless generous creators. function puts together, aggregates and streamlines all the benefits and good these different elements and make them work better and seamlessly the blockchain. and will pay forward making function open and decentralized possible that others may also use function create bigger and better projects. bring function full fruition, will continue operate transparent and collaborative way. our community will continue key pillar for and even more vital get function and running. community member, you will have early access the function ecosystem through the f(x) token conversion. hope you continue show your support are working hard disrupt the space and re-engineer this decentralized world. reference practical byzantine fault tolerance http://pmg.csail.mit.edu/papers/osdi.pdf byzantine general problem technical paper https://web.archive.org/web//http://lamport.azurewebsites.net/pubs/byz.pdf global mobile data revenues reach billion https://www.parksassociates.com/blog/article/pr- npxsxem token supply https://medium.com/pundix/a-closer-look-at-npxsxem-token-supply-deb npxs circulating token supply and strategic purchaser https://medium.com/pundix/total-token-supply-and-strategic-investors-b [total supply might differ from time time due token taken out total supply aka "burn"] elc: spacex lessons learned (pbft mentioned) https://lwn.net/articles//