white paper and business outline contact@fundyourselfnow.com www.fundyourselfnow.com table contents executive summary ............................................................................................... highlights ii. platform components ........................................................................................... easy project matching request project help smart contracts, milestone payments and voting internal marketplace web wallet, crypto-currency conversion social ratings review iii. high level roadmap ............................................................................................ iv. development and campaign milestones .............................................................. spending overview for fund raised .................................................................... vi. fyn token holders benefits .............................................................................. executive summary highlights fundyourselfnow revolutionary crowdfunding platform that aims reinvent the crowdfunding industry, using the latest innovations blockchain technologies and virtual currencies. our product allows project creators request for project help, funding and reward backers. the last few years, there has also been many virtual currency crowdfunding projects (also known initial coin offering (ico)). total billion usd was raised via cryptocurrency crowdsale and over was raised the first months our main competitors are existing players the crowdfunding space, with the biggest being indiegogo and kickstarter. growth the crowdfunding space has been explosive over the last few years and projected continue growing year till are passionate team people aiming make virtual currency crowdfunding more accessible the masses. currently, ico projects are manually created and our platform will facilitate this ico process and make simple possible. this will allow non-technical project creators successfully seek funding for their projects. demo the product has been built demo.fundyourselfnow.com. fundyourselfnow will rewards based crowdfunding platform and not allow any equity debt crowdfunding conducted for regulatory reasons, similar how kickstarter currently operates. are looking tackle key problems faced existing traditional crowdfunding platforms: lack control once crowdfunded money disbursed traditional crowdfunding, the backers have very little control over the project the money disbursed the project creators the end the crowdfunding effort. when project fails, most the backers not get anything back all. aim implement milestone based funding system, using bitcoin and eth smart contracts. these smart contracts will come with system where users can vote delay, stop further milestone payments the event that project promises are not met, global crowdfunding market http://crowdfundbeat.com////report-globalcrowdfunding-market--/ that backers are protected partially. the project creator's end, they will need deliver their agreed milestone deliverables get further funding. lack support/mentors one reason why many crowdfunding projects fail get funding deliver their promise due lack support expert knowledge. one the largest failures kickstarter the zano project and the main reason was because the project creators were not skilled enough the task. many good crowdfunding projects also get put hold fail get the required funding due lack marketing support. for example, most them would not have the budget expertise make good marketing video, translations different languages and promote their product social media networks. our platform will allow project creators seek project help from the community for their existing ideas/projects. project helpers will reward with bounty credits, which can exchanged for project tokens, which are created during the project crowdfunding place. project tokens entitle backers access the rewards listed the project page. they will tradable through our internal crypto currency exchange, helpers can eventually convert their tokens virtual currency. high transactions cost traditional crowdfunding platforms suffer from high payment transaction fees. project creator kickstarter would typically have pay the amount raised kickstarter after including the transfer fees (-%) and listing fees (%). our platform, are not charging any transfer fees and our platform will charge listing fee for each successful project fundraising. typical project will have fees kickstarter, but will about our platform, significant savings. zano failure: https://www.engadget.com////kickstarter-explains-zano-drone-failure/. project tokens are digital tokens generated ethereum and can managed via smart contracts. platform components easy project matching the system has friendly and easy use interface, for project creators post information their projects. potential backers will able browse through projects and filter them the location and project type. ensure that only projects with high probability commercialization success are listed, the platform will curating projects and perform identity verification where necessary. request project help our platform will allow project creators seek project help from our very own community professionals with specialized skillsets. for projects the initial stage (pre-funding), project creators can list their project ideas and seek help from the community. help can the form marketing support, expert advice, even getting the community rate and provide feedback the idea. helpers will rewarded with bounty credits, which can exchanged project tokens that are created during the project crowdfunding place. project tokens will tradable through our internal crypto currency exchange, helpers can eventually convert their tokens virtual currency. this similar the bounty programs offered recent ico projects, where the ico tokens were given reward helpers for their efforts. smart contracts, milestone payments and voting our platform will utilize smart contracts hold the virtual currency collected and perform the disbursement the collected money and project tokens automatically, without any coding knowledge required. optional delivery milestones can added the contract, and backers will have power delay prevent disbursement the money targets are not met. project creators create projects just like kickstarter, but besides backing physical goods and services, project creators here can raise funds for ideas and startups and offer unique rewards for people backing their project, e.g. exclusive game skins for their games, tokens that allow exclusive access their platform etc. project can created with scheduled list deliverables, where backers will hold the project creators accountable their schedule and timeline. when project funded, voting tokens are created proportion the amount backed each supporter, who can then approve reject the next tranche funding the project creators. this would improvement the all-or-nothing funding model that traditional kickstarter/indiegogo projects provide. optional milestone based payments can implemented and controlled voting tokens. supermajority (%) "no" vote required delay block payment. successful vote block the release the next payment tranche, the amount left the project will refunded proportion the voting tokens held the backers. the backer the minority, may choose divest his voting tokens through the internal marketplace. each backer will have voting power proportional the project tokens they own. the initial currency for the smart contract are supporting will ethereum and the fundyourselfnow token (an ethereum erc token). running the platform ethereum makes the entire process open and auditable any time, well cutting down costs automating and securing major portions the database. projects will expected accept the funding amount fyn tokens, and there upper limit how much they can accept fyn tokens. backers will get additional project tokens they contribute using fyn tokens incentive drive fyn token usage. support for bitcoin will implemented via rootstock technology the future (rsk.co), which currently under development. web wallet, crypto-currency conversion make easy possible for the users, will develop open wallet which will facilitate voting and other token management functionalities. this would provide gentle onboarding for fresh crypto-currency users, who can take over full control anytime exporting the wallet their own node hardware wallet. existing solutions, e.g. using mist metamask (for ethereum) often present steep learning curve for new adopters. such functions not currently even exist yet for bitcoin. the platform only accepts ethereum/fyn tokens participate projects and later bitcoin (via rootstock) the projects, will work with existing crypto-currency and bitcoin exchanges, e.g. shapeshift and coin base. this will allow users convert the money easily other cryptocurrency. social ratings review the platform will come with advanced social features. users will able leave comments and participate discussion with the project community. project token holders will able rate the project owners and leave their reviews for the project creator. this will ensure that before backing any project, users will able get detailed picture what they are backing. internal controls regulatory compliance fundyourselfnow will have compliance team that will implement internal controls/risk management systems/compliance protocols. projects that engage undesirable/illegal activities such drugs are explicitly prohibited. before projects are listed, they are subject review our compliance team ensure that adhere the guidelines. our compliance officer obtains kyc info from project backers. this includes key information such company incorporation documents, directors info etc. key information will validated professional third party global kyc service providers, such thompson reuters, the start. high level roadmap ico june-july fyn lauch website launch feb alpha prototype development nov idea creation june development and campaign milestones launch fundyourselfnow platform (fyn) mvp marketing and branding campaign attract backers usd fyn backers are able use the platform attractive discounted rate internal marketplace for token trading hedging social review and rating feature for backers and creators usd increase spending marketing campaigns get more backers and creators engage elite and marketing firm spread the word globally and promote the fyn usd set research center promote the blockchain technology expert legal team provide legal support startups who use fyn participation into curated fyn projects support our ecosystem and provide usd additional revenue for fyn platform. schedule roadmap items before development alpha version fyn platform front end design project search and backing project project application and review user account management and verification transaction logging initial design for ethereum smart contract use for fyn projects fyn ico fundraising portal marketing campaign for ico integrate fyn platform with ethereum smart contracts via creation web service api enhancement user interface based initial user group feedback. completion service marketplace, where project creators can build team for their project. completion rating and review function for fyn platform users beta testing with initial group users soft launch with few projects. form partnership with crytocurrency exchanges, e.g. liqui.io and cryptopia, provide external listing and liquidity for individual project tokens issued via fyn platform. launch fyn platform launch global fyn marketing campaign and user acquisition promotion reach out many potential customers possible. partner with leading legal firms allow provide basic legal advice for project creators using fyn. develop legal agreements templates that project creators can use. [applies raise more than completion internal marketplace for token trading completion internal crytocurrency wallet store tokens and ethereum. complete development for bitcoin smart contracts using rootstock (rsk) complete mobile app for fyn spending overview for fund raised funds raised from fyn crowdsale planned into the following main categories: research development (%) marketing and business development (%) operations legal (%) marketing and business development can include but not limited to: running online advertising campaigns, such google adwords and facebook advertisements running promotions attract customers use our platform and refer their friends sign cost hire and maintain in-house business development and marketing team, engaging outsourced vendor for business development/marketing purposes, whichever more cost effective. cost running speaker and networking events that organize for the fyn community press releases participation into selected project that will help build the fyn ecosystem (>m raised) research development can include but not limited to: redesign and improvements ui/ux having fyn tokens listed the various virtual currency exchanges development fundyourselfnow initial feature set for launch development for new features post fyn launch cost hire and maintain team expert advisors and coders for product development operations can include but not limited to: cost maintain operations team. this includes customer service support, finance department and project review team who will engage with our platform users regular basis. rental, furniture, utilities and equipment hardware cost for locations which have office set up. server and hosting costs for fyn platform legal and compliance costs, ensure our business compliant with the laws which operate coordinate with expert legal providers support project creators for their ico projects. fyn token holders benefits fyn tokens holders will able participate projects listed our fyn platform, preferential rates. project listed our platform are expected accept their funding fyn tokens. there upper limit the amount fyn tokens project can accept. addition, the top token holders will part the fyn vip exclusive club. vip club members have exclusive access buy into upcoming promising projects featured the fyn platform (normally discount), during their pre-sales period. the pre-sale quota not filled up, will open all fyn token holders. plan make pre-sales participation exclusively using fyn tokens only. secondly, token holders will get participate fyn community marketing program, where they get free project tokens from projects participating their marketing events. example could getting project tokens for joining their telegram group, sharing their facebook post etc. for project creators, this will help good projects build momentum before their actual sale. short, fyn tokens will utility token that can used the fyn platform. what this means for fyn holders use your fyn tokens fund projects and receive bonus project tokens fyn token holders will able use their fyn tokens fund the projects they want support. also plan work with the creators give additional bonus project tokens for backers participating via fyn tokens, which will encourage people buy fyn tokens fund projects. increase demand for fyn tokens million dollars raised platform and fyn tokens, that mean that million worth fyn tokens will bought from the open market. sustained growth value fyn tokens due limited open market supply fyn, are implementing milestone based payment system enforced smart contracts. each project will have least milestones, with the final milestone set mandatory fyn tokens will always used the last milestone payment. what does this mean? essentially, project funded eth and fyn (assuming fyn eth), the project creators will receive eth from the first few milestone payments, and the remaining fyn tokens the final milestone. more capital raised project creators than they bargained for assuming average project length year, this means that fyn tokens will locked for year, which reduces the open market supply. project creators will also benefit since they receive the fyn tokens later, allowing time for the fyn token value grow. the fyn tokens double value over year, they would have effectively raised more capital. what this means for fundyourselfnow company upon hitting the mil crowdsale target, fyn will create fund that will purchase fyn tokens from the open market. will then use the fyn tokens participate projects listed fyn that are assessed have high returns. this will further drive demand for fyn tokens. listing fees might have reduced initially attract projects accept fyn token and the additional expense will likely come from our business development budget. with this model, the entire community (creators, backers, token holders and company) will have stake the fyn token and vested interest making fyn successful. key risks the main risk for not being able acquire good quality projects list our platform and attract backers use our platform back projects they find interesting. mitigate this risk, have devoted majority our funding business development and marketing attract creators, backers and project helpers. without good projects active backers our platform, the coin value likely stagnate decrease over time and the company revenue and profits will suffer. for more information fundyourselfnow, visit our website www.fundyourselfnow.com