blockchain solutions for gaming commercial whitepaper draft tem ber table contents abstract introduction business case technology protocol and platform fate channels fun token funpass provable fairness comparison with other technologies key benefits for players for operators for affiliates for developers for regulators company overview token presale team strategy for success direct consumer milestones risks notes abstract funfair's goal world truly fair, decentralised online gaming powered blockchain technology. get there, have built robust protocol for trustless and decentralised casino gaming. help establish it, have also built the first plug-and-play casino platform which empowers new generation casinos, affiliates and developers. leveraging the transparency and security the blockchain, the funfair protocol and platform are the foundation for pioneering gaming ecosystem which links all participants real time. fairer, more user-friendly experience for players and more efficient tool for the industry, our innovative casino technology set revolutionise online gaming. introduction according the gambling commission, trust gaming and overall public attitudes gaming are declinei. delivering unprecedented transparency and player protection through decentralised, provably fair technology, funfair set reverse these trends. graphic from gambling commission annual report "gambling participation behaviour, awareness and attitudes" february funfair's blockchain gaming solution offers fast, low cost, user friendly and provably fair games while delivering the high quality mobile-friendly entertainment and production values that today's gamers demand. our casino gaming protocol and technology platform enable one the first commercially viable blockchain applications and have been designed run mass market scale. built the ethereum blockchain, funfair's protocol employs combination smart contracts, proprietary fate channels and the fun utility tokenii power global network completely transparent, secure casinos. funfair's fate channels, advanced version state channel technology, allow player and operator transact real time with far lower gas costs than other blockchain applications. this unique approach off-chain scaling enables almost limitless numbers players, bets and wins, well real time provably fair random number generation. the platform features funfair's own high-quality games built html and webgl standards, with games from independent developers added the platform progresses. the platform's open architecture, designed developers for developers, aims create the leading marketplace for blockchain casino game content. having completed the pioneering funpass verification process, players can access any funfair-powered casino with one click. games are fun, fast and provably fair, with random numbers and game code easily verifiable the click button. there's need deposit order play, with funds the form fun tokens for each gaming session sent secure, transparent escrow the blockchain rather than casino's account. for the first time, winnings are paid instantly, irrespective size. for the new breed operators, white labels and affiliates, our technology offers faster integration, dramatically lower costs, end payments and game fraud and access growing audience premium value, crypto-savvy players. with the evolution our revolutionary fate channels technology, the funfair protocol will enable new age fairer, more efficient, more secure and more user-friendly gaming. funfair technologies was founded gaming veterans jez san obe, jeremy longley and oliver hopton. just months after token presale which generated million contributions, the funfair platform went live with the launch its first casino. funfair now has over staff including blockchain engineers, game developers and executives from leading and global gaming companies. with the launch more funfair-powered casinos later this year, will cement our position the global leader blockchain gaming technology. business case according gambling capitaliii, global online gaming revenues were worth estimated billion making all global gaming revenues (offline and online combined). predicts that the global online gaming market will worth eur billion. with over million adults gaming around the world and estimates greater than million for the gaming market overall growing rapidly, with the online segment the market expected accelerate faster than that traditional casinos. mobile play accounted for estimated online gaming revenues, over triple the mobile user base .%. predicts that mobile use will continue rise, reaching however, the major mobile platforms which dominate the market have heavily restricted "real-money" gaming apps from listing their app stores have banned them outright. mobile adoption has, fact, been significant barrier growth gaming operators stick the old "native app" model, despite the leading app stores consistent and universal ban. despite continued growth the online gaming industry faces range problems, for which funfair's technology offers unique set solutions. problem growing doubts over the integrity online casinos consumer concerns over the fairness games and integrity online casinos have existed since the outset internet gaming. although the number untrustworthy operators relatively small, high profile cases cheatingiv, lack transparency game software (run from remote gaming servers) and unreliable cashout processes has fed growing perception that online gaming unfair. solution: provably fair blockchain gaming the ability players easily verify that game has run fairly, without interference and according its agreed set rules, key component blockchain-based gaming technology. using advanced state channel technology, funfair goes one step further guaranteeing cheatproof games, addition providing means verifying their integrity. problem player funds are not always secure all current online casinos (and even 'bitcoin casinos') require players deposit funds with them before they can play. many top tier jurisdictions, player funds are not fully protected the casino becomes insolventv, nor are casinos required prove their ability payout large winsvi. the risks involved giving custody funds and having faith that casinos will pay out the event large wins are not lost consumers, with worried about safety funds australian regulator surveyvii. solution: deposits, and wagers held independent blockchain escrow the ability play games using funds directly from their crypto wallet enables players the funfair platform retain control over their funds all times. player and casino are both required send funds for each gaming session smart contract escrow, eliminating the possibility that casino misappropriates player funds, leaves shortfall the event insolvency unable (or unwilling) promptly pay out win any size. problem consumers want faster, easier gaming currently, compulsory for players many gaming jurisdictions complete verification process for each casino they join. lengthy verification, registration and payment processes are common causes incomplete registration, failure convert (deposit funds and play for real money) and single logins (where player never returns after their initial visit). solution: funpass and fun token verifying their identity and age once only, players can obtain funpass which gives them access any casino the funfair platform (subject local jurisdictional requirements). using the fun token place bets, there's need register traditional payment method either. the fun token also eliminates the widespread issue failed deposits (i.e. the many instances that are not the fault the player such bank declining gaming transaction). doing away with traditional registration forms, the submission identity documents for each casino and the old payment process, anticipate significant improvements player acquisition, conversion and retention. problem payouts are neither fast nor guaranteed leading global survey online gamers found that the timely payout wins was second only fairness their list concernsviii, and key factor choosing which casino play at. while control over every payout request enables casinos identify fraud, manage cash flow and plan for possible big wins (as they not automatically hold sufficient cash reserve and real time checks take place), the cashout process submitting request, waiting for approval, enduring frequent delays and occasionally refusals creates dissatisfactory user experience which can lead gamers play elsewhere. solution: instant, guaranteed payouts combining the fun token with fate channel smart contracts, the funfair protocol enables instant payout back the player's cryptocurrency wallet. when playing game the funfair platform, players will have peace mind that the biggest possible win has been sent advance the casino the fate channel smart contract, and they'll paid instantly once the game session closed. for the first time ever then, players will receive winnings instantly, without any human discretion, and regardless the size win. problem complexity and cost running online casino launching online casino mainstream gaming jurisdiction involves long setup periods, high initial costs, rigorous licencing applications and laundry list ongoing operational needs. modern casino technology cannot operated without banks technical engineers, fraud prevention officers, payments staff name few. monthly costs include technology licencing fees, server hosting costs, credit card processor fees and chargebacks, not mention extensive marketing budgets compete crowded market. these technical, financial and legal demands mean that few have the expertise and capital launch and profitably operate licenced internet casino. solution: funfair casino solution launching decentralised casino the funfair platform can done weeks instead months, with far lower associated costs than traditional casino operations who must invest heavily centralised infrastructure. our solution uses native cryptocurrency, smart contract-powered payments and range kyc and fraud prevention measures that together make most employee roles obsolete. problem many casinos must innovate survive the online gaming space has become increasingly competitive, with the trend towards consolidation creating commercial goliathsix. consumers are more promiscuous than ever, moving from site site with ease search promotional offers. casinos must therefore look for new and innovative ways acquire new players and retain them longer. solution: funfair casinos meet demands new crypto audience our enterprise solution will ensure that funfair operators and white labels are first market the race for the new generation blockchain gamers. the explosion awareness bitcoin and blockchain has created new, wealthy audience crypto-savvy consumers including ready-made gaming audience over fun token holdersx with valuable market share for grabs. the novelty blockchain combined with the headline player benefits unique the funfair platform will differentiate funfair casinos from igaming, cryptocasino and blockchain casino rivals. problem existing blockchain casinos are not fit for purpose the first generation blockchain-based casinos are neither fun, fast, secure nor truly fair. best, they offer degree verifiable fairness which only enables players check game was fair, rather than guarantee the outset. many suffer from long wait times between games and prohibitive 'gas' network costs, rendering them unsuitable for real-time, real money gaming. projects such edgeless, casinocoin and cashbet have not made full use smart contracts state channels and continue oriented the casino's favour. solution: fate channels protocol funfair's advanced state channel solution fate channels enables instant, provably fair gaming almost negligible cost the player. our games feature the same level quality and usability incumbent igaming casino technology but with greater transparency, security and player protection. problem affiliate revenues under threat casino gaming remains the most important vertical for igaming affiliatesxi. yet worsening contract terms operators, disputes over player values, increased competition and the subsequent rise super affiliates such oddschecker are all threatening the viability many small and medium sized affiliates. this competitive landscape highlights the need for affiliates carve their own niche, diversify verticals, keep abreast emerging consumer trends and find their own cost savings. solution: funfair affiliate platform and operator our use smart contracts means that for the first time ever, affiliates will receive revenuexii real time. coupled with independent source trusted real-time data, the funfair platform delivers truly ground-breaking affiliate solution. our technology also enables affiliates quickly and cheaply launch white label casino, leading poker affiliate raketherake set do. the creation new revenue streams simply harnessing affiliate's brand and expertise, without the financial and operational challenges associated with traditional casino technology, will game changer for the affiliate sector. problem game developers reticent adopt blockchain technology despite it's the clear benefits, game developers have been slow explore blockchain technology. accurate date guides and best practices area nascent technology are difficult find, while the intense demand and shortage talent makes blockchain expertise expensive recruit. most problematic however the lack viable consumer-facing platforms which can distribute their content. solution: funfair developer partnerships the funfair platform includes the first open developer marketplace for real-money casino game content, contrast the in-house route taken most incumbent gaming technology providers. developers also receive end-to-end technical, commercial and regulatory support from the funfair team guarantee rapid integration smart contract technology and subsequent distribution game content all operators the funfair platform. problem regulation costly and difficult enforce typical regulator's mandate involves ensuring fair games, preventing illegal activity and protecting the vulnerable. however, their reliance operator-provided data and outsourced technical auditors makes achieving those goals time intensive, costly, open exploitation and requiring degree trust the operator. solution: funfair blockchain protocol the unique combination provably fair games, escrowed instant payouts and funpass kyc found only the funfair platform will create new generation operators with the highest standards integrity, transparency and social responsibility. players will able apply limits, timeouts and self-exclusions all casinos the funfair platform, while the fate channel-powered dispute resolution process, combined with the platform's other benefits, will reduce complaints and speed remaining disputes. technology protocol platform overview funfair's gaming technology protocol leverages the transparency, security and efficiency the blockchain power unique igaming ecosystem which connects casinos with players, affiliates and developers real time. the protocol has been built effortlessly support near limitless number trustless, transparent, 'game server'-less, decentralised online casinos, operated individuals and organizations all sizes. the funfair platform runs top the protocol, support new generation regulated casinos that will deliver wide range provably fair game content from open developer marketplace. for operator and affiliate partners, funfair not just next-generation casino software but complete enterprise solution with payments, security and databases all administered the blockchain. funfair casinos feature: provably fair html games from the funfair developer marketplace next-gen cryptocurrency payments remote gaming server-less, peer-to-peer software and databases admin backend including player management, bonusing, reporting and analysis funpass tool the funfair platform technology layers the funfair protocol employs combination ethereum smart contracts, native erc standard cryptocurrency and advanced state channels deliver real time, decentralised casino gaming. ethereum deliver decentralised, provably fair gaming, the funfair solution requires both blockchain and smart contracts. the leading platform with market share, powerful features, excellent long-term scalability plan and network effect conferred the most mature ecosystem developers and research, ethereum was the obvious choice our technology's base layer. the win/loss settlement each session played every funfair-powered casino will immutably and publicly recorded the ethereum blockchain, while the mechanics every casino game are encoded within smart contracts using the ethereum protocol. details the games played themselves will logged both player and operator devices. although ethereum currently offers the best balance ecosystem value, performance and decentralisation, closely follow the development other promising blockchains and protocols and would consider supporting other blockchains either simultaneously migration there was clear benefit doing so. the protocol and platform we've designed isn't locked into ethereum and could ported onto any suitable smart contract platform. fate channels funfair's advanced state channels are essential component delivering faster, fairer, more secure and lower cost gaming than other blockchain applications. performing off-chain execution smart contracts, this 'second layer' scaling technology reduces delays and costs when playing blockchain games, while delivering real time provably fair random number generation and cheatproof gaming with automated dispute resolution. fun token every aspect the funfair protocol powered the fun utility token. fun erc- standard cryptocurrency which offers instant, encrypted payments without the need for trusted intermediary (e.g. bank). the fun token contains novel enhancements the original erc- standard that enable the enhanced security and performance fate channel technology, which are necessary deliver high performance trustless gaming. from player wagers casino licence fees, developer rewards and the revenue affiliates receive for referring players, all participants the funfair ecosystem will transact frictionless and transparent way using fun. developing our own token instead using eth another cryptocurrency, have achieved significant improvements speed and security. how works funfair operators will complete the setup their casino fraction the time that traditional igaming casino solutions require. they will have their own brand, bankroll, gaming license(s) and independent fate channel server. operators will have access wide range high quality, audited game content from open, global developer marketplace where developers licence their games the platform return for fun token rewards. ensure sufficient variety games launch, the platform will seeded with content from funfair's game studio. however, content from other game studios currently development and will added the platform soon. those who want run funfair casino but don't have their own gaming licence, technical expertise bankroll can white label. this involves partnership with existing funfair operator who creates and runs new, branded casino their behalf (where permitted applicable regulatory authorities). white labels effectively act 'super affiliates', not only bringing player traffic but also promoting and marketing their own brand. the user experience funfair-powered casinos will radically different any existing blockchain igaming offering. after player has completed the funpass process, they can start play games any casino that supports the funfair technology, thus eliminating the onerous registration, deposit and login/logout processes found with traditional casinos. initially, players will need use crypto-enabled browser browser plugin such metamask but future iterations will enable funfair casinos played using mainstream browsers. once their ethereum address funded with fun tokens, players will play fast, fun and provably fair casino games with funds sent direct from their cryptocurrency wallet. casino operators never take custody player funds. the beginning game session, the player sends fun bankroll the fate channel smart contract, while the casino sends enough fun cover any potential payout. both player and casino bankrolls are held escrow the fate channel smart contract until the game session has finished and closed, which point the appropriate fun balances are instantly sent both parties' addresses. unlike any existing casino, funfair wagers, payouts, network fees, developer rewards and affiliate revenue are all determined and executed real time, and visible the ethereum blockchain. fate channels blockchain-based applications which require fast interactions between untrusted parties have far failed solve the challenges scaling, speed and high gas costs. online casino games that are prohibitively expensive play and include delays minute more between clicks and games, cannot meet the requirements the mass market, hope disrupt the incumbent igaming sector. because ethereum gas costs and processing times are currently problematic (and will continue prohibitively expensive until scaling solution such sharding implemented), needed devise solution that supports bets and interactions fraction the current cost other blockchain gaming applications. have created long-term solution for transaction cost problems with unique implementation state channel technology, developed specifically for online gaming. call this technology fate channels. enabling real-time gaming that not only cheaper but fairer, more secure and more scalable, fate channels are the engineering innovation the heart the funfair protocol and core feature the platform. fate channels definition fate channel state channel opened for the duration gaming session, supporting custom gaming messages between the funfair client and server. the only transactions the blockchain occur the beginning and end the user session, rather than before and after each hand each game. because gaming session instant and can include hundreds bets, the costs are order magnitude lower, and performance higher and the games more enjoyable than the competition. this the first time that generalised state channels have been deployed the real world. funfair's are more advanced than historic 'payment channels' they allow the entire smart contract executed off-chain, not just the payments. this key requirement both for making applications run fast and cheatproof, every game step (known state change) double checked and automatically signed both player and casino before the state can progress. this ensures robust, fair gameplay and correct outcomes, and also ensures the games are responsive and enjoyable use traditionally slow blockchains. widely accepted that the current generation blockchains (like bitcoin, ethereum, eos and neo) not support the generation on-chain random numbers games that use random numbers, because the chance that miner (or validator block producer) can influence the final outcome and collude with either the player casino perhaps avoid committing losing winning bet transaction onto the chain. this problem precludes all forms on-chain randomness including the use oracles which also have further attack surfaces. believe off-chain randomness and off-chain gameplay using state channels safe and reliable random number generation technique which contributes significantly the assurance cheatproof and trustless gaming the blockchain. there are new and yet unreleased blockchain technology platforms under development that have more reliable on-chain random number generation capability that may alleviate the issue unsafe randomness with blockchains (dfinity, cardano and ethereum being the obvious examples). these use threshold signatures allow group participants jointly create randomness and may the first time that random numbers can relied upon on-chain blockchain application. none these blockchains are currently live, will review the situation when they launch and are commercially usable. the blockchains that have on-chain robust randomness will certainly interest when they are live. benefits the benefits this innovative state channel solution far beyond dramatic reduction gas costs. fate channels also offer: cheatproof, provably fair games with automated dispute resolution virtually limitless scaling due turing-complete off-chain smart contract execution faster gaming and payments which enable frictionless user experience in-built, decentralised and provably fair random number generation without the need for slow, inefficient and insecure centralised oracle asymmetric escrow lockups which require casino send its maximum liability (e.g. jackpot win worth the player's wager) before game can begin faster opening and closing channels only one blockchain transaction needed (versus the two found with competitor solutions) dispute resolution using advanced techniques verify each step the gaming process, fate channels enable cheatproof games that are superior incumbent 'provably fair' technology. each off-chain transaction authenticated and signed both player and casino before the state can progress. any cheating attempt automatically detected the other party who will then activate 'dispute resolution'. either party may automatically send 'dispute' the blockchain allow the authoritative blockchain and appropriate smart contract complete the gaming session correctly, while also punishing the cheater financially their attempt was result deliberate cheating. this combination technology and cryptoeconomics delivers unprecedented level fairness and robustness which exceeds any system created date. current and future versions fate channels the current implementation fate channels designed facilitate reliable, cheatproof play between two untrusted parties usually player and casino. the funds are held independent escrow, and neither party has custody the funds while the game session. deposits from both parties are held escrow during any number games and the funds are settled when the game session finishes (or terminated abruptly timed out). present, new channel opened each time new game started, then any number games that type can played off-chain. the end the game session, the funds are settled both parties and the game ends. the player wishes play different game, new channel opened for that game. keep each game separate ensure the game developer and affiliate are paid their share net gaming revenue fairly the close the game. future version fate channels may support the player being able switch games without having close the channel. this ongoing research because want find the best way protect the game developers' and affiliates' revenue. addition, other future features include sharing bankrolls across casinos players. yet again, features like this require substantial research sure implement correctly and create robust and trustless environment. fun token overview fun the native cryptocurrency the funfair ecosystem. powers every aspect the protocol and platform actions, including betting, paying out players, paying licence fees and compensating stakeholders. fun was designed deliver the secure, frictionless gaming experience that will help drive mass adoption blockchain technology. players may acquire fun tokens used for games the funfair platform from wide range third party, independent cryptocurrency exchanges. examples centralised exchanges, many which offer fiat currency and off ramps, include binance, bitfinex and okex. examples the new breed decentralised exchanges include idex and airswap. funfair has bias towards either centralized decentralized exchanges, nor would recommend any particular exchange. urge players perform their own due diligence before choosing the most appropriate exchange for their needs. fun issuance the fun token erc- cryptocurrency the ethereum blockchain. 'premined', which means that all tokens were created one event and more will ever created. approximately billion fun tokens were created the token presale june and distributed purchasers, founders, advisors and funfair's cold storage address (where they were held for planned phase token sale for the general public). for full details the token presale, see section below. platform transaction fees small transactions fees the form fun tokens are taken from each game played and sent funfair-controlled cold storage address for longer term deployment. this removes the tokens from circulation until their optimal use has been determined. staking pools many casino games offer high payout odds (e.g. for royal flush video poker) and casinos the funfair platform will all required send enough fun tokens the fate channel escrow cover any potential payout, these conditions will naturally lead the creation staking pools. the exact mechanism of, and indeed the permitted thirdparty participants to, these pools the subject ongoing technical and legal research. how fun used the fun token intrinsic the ecosystem and the fundamental method interacting with funfair smart contracts. cryptocurrency that has been optimised for gaming, the fun token serves number purposes: fun the sole token used purchase in-game credits (e.g. spins and chips) and therefore the sole means playing casino games powered funfair technology operators finance their casinos solely with fun, accept wagers with fun and pay platform licensing fees with fun white label casino owners receive their share net gaming revenue fun subject agreed commercials, affiliates receive cpa revenue share payments fun game developers the game creation marketplace are paid fun fees throughout the system will charged fun fun may used for in-game purchases future freemium products, the purchase future physical products benefits fast with only one blockchain transaction needed open game session (in contrast the usual two found with other state channel solutions) and instant wagering once the session has begun, fun the perfect blockchain gaming token. decentralised fully decentralised cryptocurrency administered the ethereum blockchain, fun requires third party (e.g. bank), and thus eliminates counterparty risk. player's funds are always theirs. transparent although ownership individual fun tokens anonymous, the ethereum blockchain provides complete, secure ledger transaction data whose authenticity guaranteed enabling more efficient reporting and auditing. certainty the fun token governed transparent set immutable rules; fun cannot mined, every token that will ever exist was created one event and more will ever issued. creating certainty about the token's past, present and future circulation, fun avoids the issues other tokens (where more will mined and the maximum has not been stated) which have contributed price volatility and hampered the progress adoption merchants, institutions and other commercial participants. secure part the fate channel technology embedded within the fun token smart contracts, such that when fun combined with fate channels, the funds can better protected restricting how and where they will used. the event that casino server compromised (hacked), will significantly more difficult steal funds, even the attacker has access private keys. unlike ether other cryptocurrencies, fun tokens can only sent the fate channel and not directly the hacker's account. the hacker would most likely have win the fun tokens fair and square. frictionless fate channels open and close with just one transaction whereas state channels which use eth other tokens often require two more transactions (which can also dependent each other) which could mean the difference between minutes and seconds open the channel. other payment channels that don't have this optimisation will slower use, which degrades the user experience and will make the casino less profitable. coin volatility fun crypto asset widely available number public exchanges, its value any given time driven market forces. initially expect ecosystem participants adapt market value changes, but the long term will researching how best employ stable coins together with the fun token deliver greater certainty value for platform participants. the future fun although platform participants will initially bring their own fun tokens obtained from the token presale third-party exchanges, believe frictionless blockchain gaming and mass adoption can best driven the ability buy fun using fiat currencies. working with payment processors and other financial partners, expect enable this critical entry point crypto gaming the near future. funpass funpass universal verification tool that allows players verify age, and other information enable access all casinos the funfair platform. funpass speeds the registration process for players, well-known pain point for all igaming operators, and enables them seamlessly move between all funfair-powered casinos. following successful registration, which takes just few seconds, player's ethereum wallet tagged the blockchain with approval for the funpass. personallyidentifiable data held only private database the funpass server gdpr compliant way along with one-way knowledge their ethereum wallet address. user the future wishes forgotten, their data can deleted from the funpass database and this removes all trace their personally identifiable data including knowledge their ethereum address. none this data stored the blockchain. once removed from the funpass server, there remains personally identifiable data the blockchain. ethereum address, its own, cannot used lookup person's identity without there being corresponding entry the funpass database. removing the need for operators use third party verification services such experian (as this will now carried out once the funfair platform), funpass also reduces overheads associated with kyc requirements for operators, while enabling the new breed responsible, licenced funfair casinos more easily comply with local regulations. time when the ability set deposit and wagering limits viewed players the most useful account management toolxiii, future iterations the funpass will also enable players apply their limits all casinos across the funfair platform. the future, funpass will also have the capacity link into national self-exclusion databases, has access database approved player wallets across all operators, making the process far more consistent and closing various loopholes. provable fairness definition provably fair games include mechanism which allows the player confirm the fairness the game process. most current blockchain casinos claim offer provably fair games, but fact offer verifiably fair games which enable the player see cheating has occurred. the funfair protocol facilitates true provably fair random numbers and games which prevent cheating from occurring all. current blockchain implementations historically, developers have generated random numbers using the blockchain thirdparty oracles. there are risks and trust issues using random numbers produced revealed the blockchain itself. these are usually not fair because the 'miner' (or validator block producer), has advance knowledge the random number before the block mined, allowing the miner censor the bet they wish favour the player casino. the resulting situation, where miners are incentivised help player casino win, inevitably and unacceptably results collusion and total failure fairness. our protocol uses fate channels generate random numbers off-chain, preventing miners from being able see random numbers before the outcome determined. there are blockchains development which have built random number generation using advanced methods (like bls threshold signatures where group contribute the random generation and cannot known advance). these will help with random number generation and future time may decide embrace and support such blockchains. however, present, existing blockchain (bitcoin, ethereum, eos, neo) offers secure on-chain random number generation, and such our fate channel solution the only method delivering genuinely provably fair gaming. our provably fair random numbers traditional online casino, random numbers are generated purely the casino's remote gaming server (rgs). the player not only has trust that they're random, but also that they're being used the correct order. even the random number generator (rng) has been reviewed external auditors, casinos can employ sophisticated methods manipulate the rng favour their own prop players. furthermore, analysis the random numbers would not enable auditors ensure each random number was used the right game. our technology generates random numbers combining both the player and casino's random numbers, generated locally their respective devices real time. outcomes are provably random, guaranteed within the correct sequence and thus cannot used out order, eliminating the possibility fraud. our provably fair game outcomes traditional online casino, game rules are opaque, executed solely the rgs. the game software decides the player has won lost, and all outcomes are entirely decided the casino side. the funfair platform, the game run simultaneously the player's device and the casino's device. both parties discover, the same time, who has won and there can dispute. fact, the fate channel's built-in dispute resolution allows either party dispute the game sending partial game the blockchain for authoritative execution with robust outcome. since this should disrupt all attempts cheat (both the random numbers, and actual game outcomes are protected) this should discourage cheating attempts since they will futile and the cheating party will financially and reputationally punished. comparison with other technologies funfair-powered casinos will superior their internet, crypto and blockchain casino rivals variety ways. the table below illustrates the degree which rival technologies have succeeded offering all the features and benefits now available the funfair platform. funfair-powered casino advantages: full success. half limited success. empty failure addition the more obvious features that distinguish funfair from other technologies, the following comparisons can also help show the far-reaching impact funfair will have. generalised definitions the above categories: funfair-powered casino: utilise fate channels and smart contracts the ethereum blockchain. examples include casinofair. blockchain casinos: utilise smart contracts respective blockchains. examples include etheroll and edgeless. crypto casinos: based remote game serves (rgs) and utilise cryptocurrency means deposit and withdrawal via operator held wallet. examples include bitstars and bitcasino. internet casinos: based rgs and utilise fiat currency means deposit and withdrawal via operator held wallet. examples include william hill and ladbrokes. where are games run from? incumbent internet casinos, the game run remotely. game executed nor outcome decided the player's own device. the operator's server known remote gaming server (rgs). the player's device runs 'dumb terminal', representation the game. yet all the gameplay, the outcomes and the random elements come solely from the rgs. the player's device does not execute the game contribute any way the outcome. the player merely viewing the results the game that has been executed remotely. the funfair platform, games are run both locally the player's device and simultaneously the casino's server, which guarantees fairness. the two devices player and casino run lock-step and are able check each other each step (internal transaction) ensure veracity and prevent cheating. the blockchain used provide the authoritative source the games. all games are created, and outcomes are decided using smart contracts, executed real time using fate channel which provides cheatproof game and settles payments between the player and casino independently. the above description simplified version where the game actually run. the reality that although the game executed (and random numbers are chosen by) player and operator devices, the smart contracts that decide the game outcomes are usually executed remotely whatever ethereum node was being used the player's internet browser. for instance, the player was using the metamask plugin for their web browser, their connection the ethereum network will remote and most likely would using infura, the smart contract may execute infura's servers. the event dispute, the disputed element the smart contract would pushed onto the main chain and would executed multiple ethereum miners parallel, who would use consensus algorithms agree the outcome. similarly, the operator may choose run its own ethereum node may use someone else's (like infura third party). how decentralised the funfair protocol? the funfair protocol principally open source. fun token smart contracts, game rules encoded smart contracts and fate channel smart contracts are all open source. the games themselves are not open source and are copyrighted their respective owners. these not form part the funfair protocol and platform. the fun token itself decentralised every token built the erc- standard. fixed supply fun was created publicly and transparently the blockchain the day issuance and has since been actively traded open markets independently from any control funfair. funfair games require central remote gaming server, instead being run entirely decentralised smart contracts. games are run simultaneously both the player's own device and the operator's fate channel server, ensure fairness. fate channels are run multitude casino operators, each one acting independently similar manner ethereum blockchain miners. casino's fate channel server not reliant and does not communicate with any other operator servers, and only with the funfair platform process kyc procedures. key benefits the funfair protocol and platform underpin entire decentralised gaming ecosystem, offers far reaching benefits for wide range individuals and organisations, beginning with the end user. for players according the gambling commission, operator's fair and trustworthy reputation the number one motivator for players when choosing casino, and yet just those who gambled online the last months believe gaming fair and can trustedxiv. despite offering many other advantages over both traditional online casinos and their crypto cousins, the funfair platform's core mission will always deliver fair, secure and transparent gaming. fair, secure and transparent with games whose fairness simple verify and payments managed smart contracts, not casinos, funfair's technology gives players the ultimate peace mind. convenience operators have long understood that reducing friction the points registration and deposit has direct and significant impact acquisition and conversion. funfair's killer combination one-time, universal identity verification and next generation crypto payments will rewrite the rules convenient, user-friendly gaming. entertainment casinos the funfair platform offer user experience that's fast and smooth any traditional casino, along with wider variety game content from the developer marketplace. for operators gaming operators face rising operational costs due changes taxation and the regulatory landscape. for existing operators remain competitive and new operators grab market share, they must develop innovative, differentiating products while meeting ever-increasing standards social responsibility. funfair's provably fair, low cost, mobile-friendly platform can position operators successfully tackle all these challenges. fair, secure and transparent guaranteeing that games are fair and enabling players themselves verify that outcomes are truly random and games have not been tampered with, funfair's casino technology will increase player trust the casinos they use. our hypothesis, which expect confirmed the first funfair-powered casinos later this year, that increased trust positively impacts loyalty and retention, reduces churn and ultimately drives greater profitability. efficient with software powered decentralised smart contracts, the cost remote gaming servers eliminated. traditional database costs will slashed too transactions and customer data are stored the blockchain. smart contracts-powered payments will see end many internal and third-party costs such card fees and chargebacks, while the funpass will reduce the considerable cost complying with kyc and aml regulations. conceivable that funfair-powered casinos can, the near future, run with technical, security payments teams whatsoever. simple setup removing the need work with payments providers, data centres and other infrastructure partners, our streamlined enterprise solution can enable the launch new casino within days rather than months. people organisations who wish create white label casino (run existing funfair operator who shares percentage the revenue) will experience even faster setup process. new audience the marked increase public awareness bitcoin has driven massive expansion the number people who have interacted with cryptocurrencies blockchain technology. with over million addresses and million transactions since the ethereum blockchain was launched, cryptocurrencies are here stayxv. the attributes crypto enthusiasts also fit the vip demographics operators seek most; male, high net worth and tech savvy. that audience includes ready-made global community over fun token holdersxvi who have already demonstrated deep commitment the funfair platform and its values. funfair operators will the first movers and best equipped establish dominance this new market, using technology potentially transformative the internet was for gaming. for affiliates increasingly competitive space, blockchain-powered games offer affiliates unique opportunity diversify their portfolio, differentiate from other affiliates, target the fastgrowing cryptocurrency audience and reactivate lapsed customer databases. but enabling anyone run casino with minimal setup and lower overheads, the positive disruption the traditional gaming affiliate model may the most revolutionary impact the funfair platform. affiliates operators funfair-powered casinos are simpler and cheaper run, which means affiliates can now operators too. our complete enterprise solution eliminates most risks and challenges faced traditional igaming operators, enabling affiliates leverage their brand, database and marketing expertise for greater share the profits. our partnership with poker affiliate powerhouse raketherake the first example how funfair technology will empower new generation casino operator. with far shorter integration times than current industry benchmarks, lower headcount and minimal server requirements, the funfair solution empowers those who were previously not able host casino, so. decentralised gaming technology removes the need for costly remote gaming servers and eliminates many other database costs. enhanced security and automated, trustless transactions prevent game and payment related fraud, enabling payments, support and security teams streamlined while reducing the risks that may dissuade affiliates from choosing less predictable revenue model. new audience using the funfair platform, both new affiliate-operators and existing affiliates will able access new global audience who enjoy gambling and come with significant crypto-wealth. those interested blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies are twice likely male than female, and millennial than older demographicsxvii, making them ideal long term audience proposition. access the funfair platform also comes with ready-made community motivated fun token holders waiting the release the first funfair-powered casinos. fairness, efficiency and better payments fairer, safer gaming will the key driver acquisition the funfair platform, attracting new players online gaming and persuading existing gamers give blockchain games try. but it's not only the players who benefit. affiliates can certain that game data authentic, and that payments from operators will received time, every time. with need for third party payment providers, blockchain technology streamlines the payments process between players, casinos and affiliates. affiliates who continue perform their usual role for operators within the funfair ecosystem are paid fun tokens, with revenue calculated transparent way blockchain-powered smart contracts and distributed soon games are finished. blockchain data's accuracy guaranteed, which eliminates human error and disputes, while the single source player and game data enables simpler, faster and lower cost access reporting. for developers blockchain innovation and the growing global network crypto developers and applications brings fascinating challenges and wealth opportunities. innovation working with blockchain technology like ethereum, and smart contract-enabling programming languages like solidity challenging, exciting and fast-paced. joining forces with the world leader crypto gaming technology will also position developers for future where blockchain experience will invaluable. opportunity funfair's platform includes marketplace for developers distribute fun, provably fair game content the growing global crypto gaming audience. pioneering new revenue model, developers will paid instantly fun tokens the end every session. fair and open building games blockchain technology, developers will help make gaming fairer for millions players across the globe and build their reputation responsible games supplier. funfair's transparent, automated platform also bridges the gaps between developers, casinos and players, providing accurate source real time data. for regulators thanks the blockchain's inherent transparency and security, our technology makes gaming fairer and safer for the public while delivering operational efficiencies for regulators. with unprecedented levels player protection, the funfair platform will spawn new generation more socially responsible operators. fair and open 'provably fair' technology unique blockchain gaming and enables players verify that game outcomes were truly random, accurate and fair. instant, guaranteed payments automated smart contracts prevent array issues, not least casinos unfairly withholding funds (against which regulators acted )xviii. safe and secure the funpass kyc tool can verify information such age, identity and source funds, effectively combating criminal activity and protecting children and vulnerable people from harm. tamperproof software and innovations such smart contracts can eliminate most types payments and game-related fraud operator malfeasance. efficient decentralised blockchain technology provides secure source accurate, real-time, immutable data which can reduce time, human error and cost auditing gaming market activity. funfair's automated, real time dispute resolution functionality can revolutionise the dispute process, reverse the trend rising consumer complaintsxix and slash the reported daysxx average that takes for dispute resolved. company overview funfair technologies was founded jez san obe, jeremy longley and oliver hopton bring unprecedented transparency online gaming, using blockchain technology. showcase platform, featuring number prototype casino games using fate channels test ethereum network, was released june ahead token presale, the proceeds which enabled the company rapidly expand its operations. registered singapore with offices london and dublin, funfair has now expanded over staff including former executives from william hill, pokerstars, bwin.party and oddschecker with over years combined igaming experience. limited public closed beta test version the platform was released mainnet may xxi, followed the public launch the platform itself september. the first casino casinofair operated ttm bv, part the funfair group, launched simultaneously. second casino from market leading poker affiliate raketherake expected launch while work continues bring further casinos onto the platform soon afterwards possible. token presale june funfair announced phase token presale aimed primarily institutional buyers, ahead proposed public phase token sale later that year. proceeds from the presale would used fund development the platform, marketing pr, and business development. the token presale commenced june and closed four hours later once the soft and hard caps had been reached. approximately million was generated with over tokens sold institutional purchasers. the presale was restricted geographically address regulatory concerns. employing ico innovations such the funfund.eth ens, gas-efficient multi-mint technology and soft/hard cap format, the award-winning presale was free from fraud and had negative impact the performance the ethereum blockchain. october funfair announced that due number regulatory, commercial and legal considerations, the planned phase token sale proposed the original whitepaper would longer take place. the tokens retained the phase presale for the phase sale, (%) were viewed surplus requirements and therefore burned, permanently removing them from circulation. the remaining (%) tokens were held cold storage for future sale institutions large token buyers. funfair has committed restrict future token sales maximum per year for four years, and additional tokens for the fifth and final year. date funfair has sold less than its allocation tokens the first year. funfair has also committed minimising use the cold storage reserves unless commercial financial needs require it. team funfair technologies one the largest and fastest growing ethereum-based development companies the world, run people with proven record innovation, operational excellence and commercial success our team includes blockchain engineers, game developers, gaming sector veterans, marketing personnel, regulatory experts and visionary tech entrepreneur, all united passion deliver fun, fair and transparent gaming for the mass market. view full details the current funfair team, please visit https://funfair.io/how-itworks/our-team/. jez san obe founder, ceo jez was inspired become computer game developer the and after playing the first ever massively multiplayer game multi-user dungeon (mud) founded one the earliest british games developers, argonaut creating multiple multi-millionselling video games including star fox, croc, and harry potter. jez was pioneer the field real-time computer graphics and his first game, starglider, was one the earliest games ever published. co-invented the super graphics risc processor for nintendo, the first custom chip render computer graphics game system. jez has maintained active role computer games and online gaming, including work with console game developers ninja theory, mobile developer origin and until recently pkr.com, leading online poker room. jez also angel investor and some his investments have included the artificial intelligence pioneer deepmind technologies (acquired google and the cryptocurrency exchange kraken. jez was made officer the most excellent order the british empire for services computer games. jeremy longley founder, cto jeremy highly experienced, versatile, passionate, analytical leader with over years' experience managing technology teams. co-founded the online gaming site pkr.com with jez san and served its cto, leading team over technical employees develop award-winning fully game environment. pkr developed range and casino games, including ios, android and html products well customization avatar system. jeremy has also led development full in-site account management and cashier system, and systems integration with third-party providers including playtech, openbet and ladbrokes/gbe well extensive back office and business intelligence functionality. oliver hopton founder, developer oliver experience developer and team lead with over years' experience building gaming products. spent years working online poker room pkr software development manager working huge variety administration tools and integrations with party gaming content and providers. heavily involved technical compliance for gaming license applications guernsey, the uk, france, italy and denmark. then spent months cto everyfan, responsible for architecting and building facing sports betting product. professional advisors are inventing software the bleeding edge gaming innovation, while aiming positively disrupt fast-changing global industry with complex regulatory landscape, essential that the context advice from variety expert professional advisers, selection whom listed below: name type notes harris hagan llp legal provide advice relating united kingdom gambling law. kevin haan legal provide advice relating and international gambling legislation. ifrah law llp legal provide advice pertaining law. bird bird llp legal providing general legal advice. wiggin llp legal provide general advice pertaining global gambling law. partners legal provide advice gambling and blockchain law and regulations malta. isolas llp legal provide advice gambling and fintech laws and regulation gibraltar. bdo llp financial provide general accounting services and advice compliance with and international tax law. rht taylor wessing llp legal provide advice pertaining singaporean securities and corporate law. gowlings wlg llp legal provide general advice around securities and anti-money laundering legislation. omm llp legal providing legal advice around securities law. strategy for success aim empower new generation operators with fair, secure, efficient and userfriendly gaming through the deployment our plug and play decentralised casino platform. will deliver that vision focusing number key strategic areas; raising consumer awareness, increasing the number operators, building the utility the fun protocol and driving revenues. progress those areas, leading successful adoption the funfair protocol, will best achieved communicating compelling proposition for players, educating the public, trade and government bodies the benefits our technology, and advancing research and product development. ecosystem partners such affiliate-turned-operator raketherake and games providers spike games and big wave games will also contribute funfair's success. partners from the blockchain sector will particularly important. our work with digital identity platform yoti, identity data intelligence firms group plc and accuris, decentralised token marketplace airswap and ethereum wallet browser extension metamask will further enhance the funfair offering. fundamental pillar our strategic approach understanding how our emerging technology impacted and can benefit the complex, fragmented and evolving regulatory environments within global gaming. believe progressive regulation and its role enabling fairer, safer gaming for consumers. given the direction travel for many gambling regulatory regimes with increased focus fairness and player protection, surprise that many regulators, such the malta gaming authority, have already shown willingness explore how blockchain might help them achieve their licensing objectives. funfair will continue seek licensure number top tier regulatory jurisdictions and will continue work with regulators, particularly (but not exclusively) with those who have stated their desire establish blockchain-friendly frameworks either introducing new legislation, amending existing legislation running regulatory sandbox projects. all funfair's senior management team have lengthy experience with working regulated markets leading gaming operators and are uniquely placed guide funfair's strategy way that compatible with applicable law, wherever wishes offer its services. our strategic plan also features initial learning phase which enables analyse the technological, commercial and practical impacts the platform via direct consumer proposition, before scaling the network with smaller and larger operators. direct consumer september ttm bv, wholly owned subsidiary the funfair group, launched fully licenced casino the funfair platform. ttm run separate business unit within the group with its own board directors and operational team and supplied with the funfair platform arm's length basis ensure operates the same terms all other third-party operator partners. corporate government policy framework also place ensure will not otherwise receive any preferential treatment dint being inside the funfair group. although funfair will remain first and foremost blockchain technology provider, this independent venture will used accelerate our learnings about the platform and token ecosystem, giving valuable insight into the life operator and player behaviour, and enabling rapid product improvements. the gaming licence held this new company will also enable provide the platform white label solution brand owners without requiring them hold their own licence. milestones the months since the token presale, the funfair team has rapidly scaled its operations complete milestones stated the original whitepaper fate channels iterations, new games, beta release and more. for more detailed history and date version our roadmap, please visit https://funfair.io/latest/roadmap/. milestones completed april first off chain scaling for gaming applications demonstrated june first version working games fate channels show case prototype form testnet (non-gambling) june whitepaper release token presale december further versions fate channels released testnet (nongambling) april partnership with spike games announced june showcase release, treasures from the crypto slot release, beta release july fate thrones slot release, big wave gaming partnership, fundice release, raketherake operator partnership september granted curacao online gambling licence september funpass beta release september white paper released september first brand launch, casinofair risks the purchase tokens involves high degree risk. you should consider carefully the risks described below, together with all the other information contained funfair's terms and conditions before deciding purchase fun. the following risks entail circumstances under which, our business, financial condition, results operations and prospects could suffer. risks associated with the purchase fun funfair may not successfully develop, market and launch the funfair platform although limited public closed beta version the platform was released for testing may the funfair technology platform has not yet been fully developed the company and will require additional funding, well developer and management expertise, time and effort order develop and successfully launch the funfair platform. the company may have make changes the specifications the funfair technology platform fun tokens for any number legitimate reasons the company may unable develop the funfair technology platform way that realizes those specifications any form functioning platform. possible that the funfair platform may not ever released and there may never operational fun token. furthermore, despite good faith efforts develop and launch the funfair platform and subsequently develop and maintain the funfair technology platform, still possible that the funfair platform will experience malfunctions otherwise fail adequately developed maintained, which may negatively impact funfair and fun tokens. startups often experience unexpected problems the areas product development, marketing, financing, and general management, among others, which frequently cannot solved. similarly, casinos may fail adopt the funfair platform for any reason. the company not successful its efforts demonstrate users the utility and value the funfair platform, there may little demand for the platform and thus less use for fun. result, the price fun could drop, potentially zero. funfair may forced cease operations take actions that result dissolution event. possible that, due any number reasons, including, but not limited to, unfavorable fluctuation the value cryptographic and fiat currencies, the inability the company establish launch the funfair platform and the fun tokens' utility, the failure commercial relationships, regulatory action, intellectual property ownership challenges, the company may longer viable operate and the company may dissolve take actions that result dissolution event. the tax treatment fun uncertain and there may adverse tax consequences for purchasers. the tax characterization the fun tokens uncertain, and each purchaser must seek its own tax advice connection with purchase transaction involving fun for the jurisdiction(s) relevant the purchaser. risks associated with the fun tokens and the funfair technology platform the funfair technology platform may not widely adopted and may have limited users. possible that the funfair technology platform will not used large number individuals, companies and other entities that there will limited public interest the creation and development blockchain-based online gaming platform. such lack use interest could negatively impact the development the funfair platform and therefore the potential utility fun tokens. alternative platforms may established that compete with are more widely used than the funfair technology platform. possible that alternative platforms could established that utilize the same similar technology underlying the funfair technology platform and attempt facilitate online gaming platforms that are materially similar the funfair platform. the funfair platform may compete with these alternative platforms, which could negatively impact the funfair platform and the fun tokens. the open-source structure the funfair technology platform means that the funfair technology platform may susceptible developments users contributors that could damage the funfair technology platform the company's reputation and could affect the utilization the funfair technology platform and the fun tokens. the funfair platform will operate based primarily open-source technology maintained the company and other contributors. the open-source nature the funfair technology platform means that may difficult for the company contributors maintain develop the funfair technology platform and the company may not have adequate resources address emerging issues malicious programs that develop within the funfair technology platform adequately timely manner. third parties not affiliated with the company may introduce weaknesses bugs into the core infrastructure elements the funfair technology platform and open-source code which may negatively impact the funfair technology platform. such events may result loss trust the security and operation the funfair technology platform and decline user activity and could negatively impact the market price the fun tokens. the funfair technology platform may the target malicious cyberattacks may contain exploitable flaws its underlying code, which may result security breaches and the loss theft fun tokens. the funfair technology platform's security compromised the funfair technology platform subjected attacks that frustrate thwart our users' ability access the funfair platform their fun tokens, then users may cut back stop using the funfair platform altogether, which could seriously curtail the utilization the fun tokens and cause decline the market price the fun tokens. risks related blockchain technologies and digital assets the regulatory regime governing the blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies, tokens and token offerings such the funfair platform and the fun tokens uncertain, and new regulations policies may materially adversely affect the development the funfair platform and the utility the fun tokens. regulation tokens (including the fun tokens) and token offerings, cryptocurrencies, blockchain technologies, and cryptocurrency exchanges currently undeveloped and likely rapidly evolve, varies significantly among international, federal, state and local jurisdictions and subject significant uncertainty and variability. various legislative and executive bodies singapore, the e.u, the united states and other countries may, the future, adopt laws, regulations, guidance, other actions, which may severely impact the development and growth the funfair platform and the adoption and utility the fun tokens. failure the company certain users the funfair platform comply with any laws, rules and regulations, some which may not exist yet are subject interpretation and may subject change, could result variety adverse consequences, including civil penalties and fines. the regulation non-currency use blockchain assets also uncertain. the cftc has publicly taken the position that certain blockchain assets are commodities, and the sec has issued public report stating u.s. federal securities laws require treating some blockchain assets securities. the extent that government quasi-governmental agency exerts regulatory authority over blockchain network asset, the funfair platform and the fun tokens may materially and adversely affected. blockchain networks also face uncertain regulatory landscape many non-u.s. jurisdictions such the european union, china and russia. various non-u.s. jurisdictions may, the near future, adopt laws, regulations directives that affect the funfair platform. such laws, regulations directives may conflict with those the u.s. may directly and negatively impact our business. the effect any future regulatory change impossible predict, but such change could substantial and materially adverse the development and growth the funfair platform and the adoption and utility the fun tokens. new changing laws and regulations interpretations existing laws and regulations, the u.s. and other jurisdictions, may materially and adversely impact the value the currency which the fun tokens may exchanged, the liquidity the fun tokens, the ability access marketplaces exchanges which trade the fun tokens, and the structure, rights and transferability fun tokens. this issuance fun tokens may constitute the issuance "security" under u.s. federal securities laws the fun token utility token that has specific consumptive use i.e., allows participants the funfair platform (i.e. through online casino using funfair technology) receive and pay value for online gaming services distributed network with significant advantages over current online gaming services. due the nature the fun token, not think should considered "security" that term defined the securities act. believe that the fun token should not considered "security" under u.s. federal securities laws. nevertheless, initial sales were restricted from u.s. buyers. noted the sec, the issuance tokens represents new paradigm and the application the federal securities laws this new paradigm very fact specific. the fun token were deemed security under u.s. federal securities laws then, prior the sale fun tokens u.s. purchasers, may required register with the u.s. sec. doing might have negative impacts the fun token other jurisdictions. purchasers fun will have control and the company may only have limited control once the launch the funfair platform occurs. the funfair platform comprised open-source technologies that depend network computers run certain software programs process transactions. because this less centralized model, the company has limited control over the fun tokens and the funfair platform once launched. addition, token holders are not and will not entitled, vote receive dividends deemed the holder capital stock the company for any purpose, nor will anything construed confer the token holder any the rights stockholder the company any right vote for the election directors upon any matter submitted stockholders any meeting thereof, give withhold consent any corporate action receive notice meetings, receive subscription rights otherwise. purchasers may lack information for monitoring the value fun the purchaser may not able obtain all information would want regarding the company, fun tokens, the funfair platform, timely basis all. possible that the purchaser may not aware timely basis material adverse changes that have occurred with respect the funfair platform. while the company has made efforts use open-source development for the fun tokens, this information may highly technical nature. result these difficulties, well other uncertainties, fun token holder may not have accurate accessible information about the funfair platform. fun tokens have history. the fun tokens have history. past performance the company, any similar token, not predictive future results. each purchase should evaluated the basis the purchaser's desire use the fun token for its intended gaming purpose. the funfair platform unable satisfy online gaming requirements needs, security, privacy, and other government and/or industry-specific requirements, its growth could harmed. there are number online gaming, security, privacy and other government- and industry-specific requirements concerns, including those that require companies notify individuals data security incidents involving certain types personal data. security compromises could harm funfair's reputation, erode user confidence the effectiveness its security measures, negatively impact its ability attract new users, cause existing users stop using the funfair platform. government enforcement actions against tokens and/or blockchains because the potential money laundering concerns enabling illicit transactions could significantly harm the viability the funfair platform and the value the fun tokens. the further development and acceptance blockchain networks, including the funfair platform, which are part new and rapidly changing industry, are subject variety factors that are difficult evaluate. the slowing stopping the development acceptance blockchain networks and blockchain assets would have material adverse effect the successful development and adoption the funfair platform and the fun tokens. the growth the blockchain industry general, well the blockchain networks with which the funfair platform will rely and interact, subject high degree uncertainty. the factors affecting the further development the cryptocurrency industry, well blockchain networks, include, without limitation: worldwide growth the adoption and use ethereum, and other blockchain technologies; government and quasi-government regulation ethereum, and other blockchain assets and their use, restrictions regulation access and operation blockchain networks similar systems; the maintenance and development the open-source software protocol the ethereum networks; changes consumer demographics and public tastes and preferences; the availability and popularity other forms methods buying and selling goods and services, trading assets including new means using fiat currencies existing networks; general economic conditions and the regulatory environment relating cryptocurrencies; or: decline the popularity acceptance ethereum other blockchain-based tokens would adversely affect our results operations. the slowing stopping the development, general acceptance and adoption and usage blockchain networks and blockchain assets may deter delay the acceptance and adoption the funfair technology platform and the fun tokens. the prices blockchain assets are extremely volatile. fluctuations the price digital assets could materially and adversely affect our business, and the fun tokens may also subject significant price volatility. the prices blockchain assets such ethereum have historically been subject dramatic fluctuations and are highly volatile, and the market price the fun tokens may also highly volatile. several factors may influence the market price the fun tokens, including, but not limited to: global blockchain asset supply; global blockchain asset demand, which can influenced the growth retail merchants' and commercial businesses' acceptance blockchain assets like cryptocurrencies payment for goods and services, the security online blockchain asset exchanges and digital wallets that hold blockchain assets, the perception that the use and holding blockchain assets safe and secure, and the regulatory restrictions their use; changes the software, software requirements hardware requirements underlying the funfair platform; changes the rights, obligations, incentives, rewards for the various participants the funfair platform; interest rates; currency exchange rates, including the rates which digital assets may exchanged for fiat currencies; fiat currency withdrawal and deposit policies blockchain asset exchanges which the fun tokens may traded and liquidity such exchanges; interruptions service from failures major blockchain asset exchanges which the fun tokens may traded; trading activities large-scale traders, including private and registered funds, that may directly indirectly purchase fun tokens other blockchain assets; monetary policies governments, trade restrictions, currency devaluations and revaluations; regulatory measures, any, that affect the use blockchain assets such the fun tokens; the maintenance and development the open-source software protocol the fun tokens; global regional political, economic financial events and situations; expectations among funfair platform other blockchain assets participants that the value the fun tokens other blockchain assets will soon change. decrease the price single blockchain asset may cause volatility the entire blockchain asset industry and may affect other blockchain assets including the fun tokens. for example, security breach that affects investor user confidence ethereum may affect the industry whole and may also cause the price the fun tokens and other blockchain assets fluctuate. disclaimer the document marketing document and not intended legally binding. nothing this document shall deemed constitute prospectus any sort solicitation for investment, nor does any way pertain offering solicitation offer buy any securities any jurisdiction. this document does not constitute offer sell, solicitation offer buy, interest any jurisdiction which unlawful make such offer solicitation. the information this document does not constitute recommendation any person, nor does constitute advice the merits participation any purchase draw tokens any other cryptographic token currency. nor has the information contained this document been approved any regulatory agency governmental authority any kind. potential purchasers should refer the funfair terms and conditions, available the funfair website from time time for the terms the token sales and non-exhaustive analysis the risks involved purchasing fun tokens. you will required agree the funfair terms and conditions before purchasing any fun tokens. participants must make their own independent assessment, after making such investigations they consider necessary, the merits purchasing any fun tokens. participants should consult and rely upon their accounting, legal and tax representatives and advisers order evaluate the economic, legal and tax consequences purchasing fun tokens. certain statements contained this document may constitute forward-looking statements speak future events plans. such forward-looking statements information involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual events differ materially. this white paper may translated into languages other than english. and the extent that the terms the non-english versions the document conflict with the english language versions the document, the english language version will control and govern. notes http://www.gamblingcommission.gov.uk/pdf/survey-data/gambling-participation-in--behaviour-awareness-and-attitudes.pdf referred the 'fun token' for the remainder this document iii capital feb http://www.igamingbusiness.com/news/igaming-dashboard-february-, with eur figures converted e.g. ultimate bet, absolute poker and full tilt poker scandals licences require minimum 'basic level protection' where funds are not segregated the event insolvency. see https://www.gamblingcommission.gov.uk/for-the-public/your-rights/protection-of-customer-funds.aspx for more. new jersey operators are only required keep funds separate account, offering little protection reality. see https://www.nj.gov/oag/ge/docs/regulations/mergedregulations.pdf for more. vivi most cases, they are only required have enough capital cover player funds the daily close business, rather than slot jackpot win, for example. vii https://www.liquorandgaming.nsw.gov.au/documents/gaming-and-wagering/problems-withgambling/research/.%interactice%gambling%study.pdf viii https://infohub.gambleaware.org/wp-content/uploads///wood-williams-.pdf gvc, the stars group, paddy power betfair, kindred group taken from https://etherscan.io/token/xddbddafeaeedaffeb sept https://incomeaccess.com/contenthub/wp-content/uploads///ia_survey-report_final_march--.pdf xii gaming affiliates receive payments agreement with operators when players who they have referred play funfair casinos, referred 'affiliate revenue' for the remainder this document. affiliate revenue therefore single payment (cost per acquisition 'cpa') percentage share net gaming revenue ('revenue share') from each player they refer, and not feature the fun token itself. xiii http://www.gamblingcommission.gov.uk/pdf/survey-data/gambling-participation-in--behaviour-awareness-and-attitudes.pdf xiv http://www.gamblingcommission.gov.uk/pdf/survey-data/gambling-participation-in--behaviour-awareness-and-attitudes.pdf https://media.consensys.net/blockchain-by-the-numbers--stats-on-ethereum-and-consensys-cbcb xvi taken from https://etherscan.io/token/xddbddafeaeedaffeb sept xvii https://www.forbes.com/sites/spencerbogart////-stats-that-highlight-a-millennial-propensity-for-bitcoin xviii https://www.gov.uk/government/news/cma-launches-enforcement-action-against-gambling-firms xix https://www.gamblingcommission.gov.uk/pdf/complaints-processes-in-the-gambling-industry.pdf https://www.ibas-uk.com/media//ibas-submission-to-gc-consultation-on-remote-technical-standards-january-.pdf xxi although testing took place mainnet with fun tokens, ownership tokens throughout the test remained with funfair, while other conditions were also put place ensure the test did not fall within the remit relevant gaming legislation. cop yri (c) fair echnologies righ res erv ed. grand uni hou kent ish tow roa