fusion whitepaper inclusive cryptofinance platform based blockchain fusion foundation* dec. abstract blockchain technology doubt has been gaining popularity. mechanism "trust machine", provides mankind brand new and efficient cooperation device. blockchain's application the financial sector has brought about the most concern and the greatest expectation. present, all kinds tokens have completed some basic functions value transferring and value distributing, but still far from the fully functional financial services that the real world needs, which exactly why regarding blockchain applications the financial sector all hear thunder, yet rain falls. bring about the era the internet values soon possible, people need new generation financial infrastructure based blockchain technology which has complete financial functionality, can link different communities and tokens, and can bridge the gap between centralized and decentralized organizations. the advent the internet information, what did was not transform the "postal system", but create brand new "email system". likewise, when the internet values approaches, hope create new system: value transfer infrastructure based tokens. will convert value across time and across space and can fulfill almost all the functions traditional finance distributed way much more efficiently and much less expensively. can even achieve many unprecedented financial functions that are unimaginable scenarios centralized organizations. will fuse fragmented pieces cryptocurrencies and endow them with complete financial functions. will bring the world's finance into new era, which call the era cryptofinance. have prepared fusion for the cryptofinancial era! fusion will connect various values establishing layer control management top various tokens through distributed management the tokens' private keys and providing ports both for central organizations and for external datasources and this way solve the key problem insufficiency interoperability the current internet values. fusion inclusive. integrates the cryptocurrencies that exist today and that will exit the future connecting centralized and decentralized organizations, accommodating authentication mechanisms and anonymous trading mechanisms and introducing on-chain data and off-chain data. fusion restructuring. *fusion foundation ltd. non-government organization based singapore. e-mail: info@fusion.org. redefines the way which value transferred and the relationship between participants, and transforms values time and space way reflecting the essence finance, and implements financial functions unique way that will cause some the existing financial products disappear. fusion highly scalable. the form virtual machine, turing-completely provides the infinite reverie space for cryptofinance across different tokens the future, creating possibilities that were previously unimaginable. this whitepaper will propose the prospect cryptofinance based the analysis the background the internet values, and then put forward the overall design, key technologies and development plan the fusion project. use declaration: anyone may use, reproduce distribute any material this whitepaper for noncommercial and educational purposes without permission (i.e. other than for fee for commercial purposes) provided that the original source and the applicable copyright notice are cited. disclaimer: this fusion whitepaper for information purposes only. fusion foundation does not guarantee the accuracy the conclusions reached this whitepaper, and this whitepaper provided "as is". fusion foundation does not make and expressly disclaims all representations and warranties, express, whether explicit, implied, statutory otherwise, whatsoever, including, but not limited to: (i) that the contents this whitepaper are free from error; (ii) that such contents will not infringe third-party rights; and (iii) warranties fitness for particular purpose, suitability function. fusion foundation and its affiliates shall have liability for damages any kind arising out the use, reference to, reliance this whitepaper any the content contained herein, even advised the possibility such damages. event will fusion foundation its affiliates liable any person entity for any damages, losses, liabilities, costs expenses any kind, whether direct indirect, consequential, compensatory, incidental, actual, exemplary, punitive special for the use of, reference to, reliance this whitepaper any the content contained herein, including, without limitation, any loss business, revenues, profits, data, use, goodwill other intangible losses. contents project background and vision the core issues the development human civilization, centralized organizations and its problems the rise the blockchain and the prospect internet values the rise the blockchain prospect the internet values bottlenecks the internet values and current efforts bottlenecks the internet values current efforts blueprint cryptofinance the internet values and cryptofinance features cryptofinancial assets present situation cryptofinance blueprint cryptofinance fusion's vision...................................................................................................... fusion's design and architecture design ideas ............................................................................................................. distributed nodes' control private keys ............................................... key problems solved ..................................................................... design goal ............................................................................................................... architecture ........................................................................................................ distributed control rights management asset mapping and distributed control rights management ............................. improve the security digital assets ................................................................ achieve financial functions between multiple tokens .................................... separation ownership and usufruct ................................................... achieve the interaction between different tokens ............................. add the financial function digital assets....................................... implementation distributed control rights management ........................... functions implemented .......................................................................... lock-in implementation process ............................................................ lock-out implementation process .......................................................... the key technologies ............................................................................................... private key security protection technology ............................................ distributed key generation ..................................................................... threshold signature ................................................................................ cryptofinancial smart contracts defining the financial relationships among multiple parties ............................. enhancements smart contracts ........................................................... cryptofinancial functions ....................................................................... contract multi-triggering mechanism ................................................................ diversity triggering conditions .......................................................... off-chain information input ................................................................... compatibility and enhancements ........................................................... contract nested call ...................................................................................... contract development......................................................................................... contract preparation and release............................................................ timing and trigger conditions................................................................ interface and rapid development............................................................ use multiple triggers realize complex financial functions ....................... hierarchical hybrid consensus mechanism hierarchy tasks and consensus ............................................................................ definition hierarchical hybrid ........................................................... value hierarchical hybrid................................................................... randomness and security ................................................................................... computation and equity balance ........................................................................ achieve parallel processing ................................................................................. parallel processing ....................................................................................... scalability..................................................................................................... application the expansion the hierarchy ...................................... implementation hhcm ................................................................................. determination grouping ..................................................................... block generation .......................................................................................... discussion stochastic enhancement....................................................... project plan project implementation steps ............................................................................. community operation plan ................................................................................. community everything: new era requires new approach project promotion method ...................................................................... blockchain technology promotion movement ........................................ blockchain interface standardization movement .................................... fusion blueprint .............................................................................................. tasks and milestones .............................................................................. token design and distribution ................................................................ fusion project background and vision project background and vision the core issues the development human civilization, centralized organizations and its problems human beings have sharp teeth and are neither strong enough nor fast enough. our development depends mutual cooperation. human cooperation based distributed markets and centralized organizations. with the development markets and organizations, human civilization has also made continuous progress. human cooperation based markets that use currency medium exchange has greatly contributed human development. but adam smith's "invisible hand"of the free market not panacea. economists such ronald coase found that the market also costly. addition transportation, information and other costs, the biggest cost the market the lack trust. because the human mind black box, the asymmetry information between any two people any two social organizations (including nations) will inevitably jeopardize each other. and because the inherent lack trust between black boxes minds, the cost the traditional market economy, due trust, high. centralized organization the main way that people are constantly addressing trust. people with similar ideas, being organized organizations such countries, political parties and enterprises, contributed the rapid development modern human civilization. but centralized organizations also have insurmountable problems: first, due the lack trust between organizations, coupled with the conflicts concepts, different organizations fall into brutal competition, years wars and even nuclear terrorism. second, resources have become more and more concentrated the hands few people and the gap between classes becoming increasingly clearer, which what the book capital the twenty-first century french economist thomas piketty speaks of. finally, there "single point failure". since large amount resources including power, capital, talents and data have been monopolized few agencies, once they have renegaded been hacked, the consequences will disastrous. the rise the blockchain and the prospect internet values ... the rise the blockchain the distributed market ladder human civilization, but there are insurmountable problems trust. this end, centralized program has evolved and greatly contributed the development mankind. however, has also become major obstacle access higher level civilization. how can both maximize the efficiency the distributed market economy and reduce the cost the centralized organizations? need solve the issue trust more effective manner and invent device fusion project background and vision better align centralized organizations with distributed markets more effectively. this great undertaking that deserve. such efforts, the distributed ledger technology represented the blockchain may play extremely important role solving the trust problem mankind. this technique called "machine trust" the economist's cover story. can said that, for the first time human history, the blockchain has given the human core issue, the problem trust, complete solution, that is, deliver trust communities and codes and establish various large distributed ledgers through various consensus mechanisms solve possible conflicts various human cooperation. not only that, since ledgers are based peerto-peer networks, makes peer-to-peer value transfers and automatic contracts possible. strangers not only can trade without relationship trust but can also automate their transactions through smart contracts, enabling people make the first leap trust technology ever since they had walked out africa and open the door the journey creating more advanced human civilization. most the existing technologies mainly promote the progress "productivity", while blockchains are reforming the way people cooperate. bringing about the great transformation human social organizations, which will surely make mankind create new social form, that is, the global village based blockchains. ... prospect the internet values the great advantage blockchain that helps resolve the issue trust inherent humankind, making the blockchain technology upgrading the level human civilization. its development irresistible the impulse human choice save transactional costs. since, unlike the original internet information (ioi), each blockchain can achieve the peer-to-peer value transfer, the blockchain technology actually brings from the age ioi the age the internet values (iov), which can regarded the second generation internet. because the internet information, the world has undergone tremendous changes. result the internet values, human society bound once again usher enormous social changes. this because the internet values based blockchain technology has the characteristics digitization, intelligence, decentralization and inclusiveness. digitization and intelligence, which can bring efficiency the internet values are features that the internet information already has, but are now being applied the internet values. more essential characteristic decentralization, which will help completely solve the bottleneck brought about centralized organizations. the internet values also more inclusive: private key, people can better protect their personal property rights; through consensus mechanism, they can better resolve disputes; with peer-to-peer networks, they can participate cooperation division labor much fusion project background and vision lower barriers. when people conveniently send information over the internet and program information algorithms, people enter the age internet information; when they can easily send value over the internet and program value smart contracts, they will enter the age internet values. the advantages the internet values make possess "highdimensional" advantages over traditional cooperation models. all kinds "values" will expressed blockchains and will conveniently transferred and programmed. consequence, people's cooperation relations and human society will surely greatly transformed. accenture's report predicts that after early exploration, blockchains will continue grow between and when banks begin witness the benefits early blockchain adopters, regulatory rules will also gradually established, various new services and business models will begin appear and the original business models will gradually abandoned. after the application blockchain will gradually mature, and the use blockchain will become the mainstream, and the same time will well integrated into the capital market system. the world economic forum's whitepaper "realizing the potential blockchain" boldly predicts that world gdp will stored the blockchain network can predicted, just the early internet information, that with the development blockchain applications, the internet values will gradually take shape. bottlenecks the internet values and current efforts ... bottlenecks the internet values the internet values will enable people manage values they are information and the core function the internet values the communication values. but achieve this function, the value the internet needs make progress three areas. the first interoperability. values exist different blockchains, centralization organizations, and data centers, and the internet values requires such public chains other solutions that can communicate different blockchains, different centralization organizations, and different data sources, and can not only transfer values but can also run smart contracts. second scalability. the internet values needs able used different scenarios, including finance, manufacturing and government management. the last usability. the internet values needs have resourceful ecology and make variety applications running smoothly, that developers can efficiently develop applications and users can easily use them. figure explains the three characteristics the internet values. however, the internet values, compared with the internet information, still the very early stages and has bottlenecks interoperability, scalability, and usability. fusion project background and vision figure characteristics iov interoperability, while the internet information has been able transfer and program texts, pictures, audio and video unified bit information, the internet values still has difficulty communicating values different blockchains, not mention off-chain values and off-chain data. the internet values requires not only cross-chain communication but also communication with existing centralized organizations and external datasources. since currently blockchains cannot interoperate with other blockchains (synchronization state machines), tokens different blockchains cannot trade with each other. since currently blockchains cannot interoperate with outside centralized organizations, makes off-chain assets difficult mapped the chain. since current blockchains cannot read offchain data, makes current blockchains' "smart" contracts blind dumb and cannot see communicate with the outside world. taking cross-chain technology instance, cross-chain communication currently extremely difficult, not mention developing cross-chain smart contracts. present, there are already thousands tokens, but each token can only move freely single blockchain and form its own ecosystem wallet, smart contract development tools, etc. the existing blockchain ecosystems actually are island ecosystems, and the internet values far from being truly interoperable. scalability, while the internet information continuously expanding itself encoding various information bits and programming various scenarios' communication logic applications, the internet values just beginning expand itself tokenizing various values tokens and mapping various scenarios' transactions logic fusion project background and vision smart contracts. due limited interoperability, the scalability the internet values greatly affected. difficult map the actual application scenarios involving multiple currencies, multiple organizations and multiple data sources blockchain form distributed solution, which hinders the migration off-chain values the internet values. usability, while the computing power, storage capacity, and synchronous speed the internet information has been able support most demands information management, the internet values can barely support slightly heavier projects. the internet values has lot work terms standardization, platformization, functional modularity, application ecology, interoperability, anti-quantum attacks etc. the differences between the internet values and the internet information are shown the table below: table comparison with the internet information features interoperability scalability usability info internet text, pictures, audio and video can interoperate web, apps, erp, iot and many more standardization, operating system, programming, distributed computing, artificial intelligence value internet even tokens are hard interoperate only few assets mapped long way the above three types bottlenecks, interoperability the most urgent and enhancing interoperability, can transfer values between different blockchains, program smart contracts with different tokens, and make update scalability more easily. usability, however, long-term basic task, while interoperability and scalability, which have greatly hindered the development the internet values, are need short-term solution and have become the two most urgent bottlenecks solved. ... current efforts current blockchain projects have tried overcome these three bottlenecks. regarding interoperability, there are some insignificant attempts cross-chain peerto-peer value transfers and distributed solutions for cross-chain smart contracts have not yet emerged. the side chain the most important attempt current cross-chain communication technology, but the communication between the main chain and the side chains delayed, unsafe, and poor synchronization and these problems are hard solve. what more, the interfaces between the main chain and the side chain many projects are still centralized solutions. efforts cross-chain smart contracts may not fusion project background and vision successful for long time, since even the standardization consensus single chain far from mature, not mention the consensus reached among multiple chains. order achieve such simple interoperability the exchange tokens, the existing solutions are still various token exchanges. present, the explosive development these centralized exchanges has directly proved that reliable distributed solution cross-chain communication has not yet emerged. regarding scalability, still very difficult for lot off-chain values and transaction scenarios mapped blockchains. currently, ico projects public chains through protocols such erc are the rise, but many values such financial assets, fixed assets, physical assets, various derivatives, etc. are still hard mapped blockchains. many off-chain transaction scenarios still cannot mapped blockchains long heavy computations, off-chain agency operations, demands off-chain data are involved. numerous projects are undergoing relevant efforts, but the process severely hampered the lack reliable cross-chain communications solutions. and regarding usability, the world blockchains, technologies parallel computing, high-throughput storage and communications, programmability, interoperability, and module reusability are still their primary stage. there are some attempts address these issues, such solving problems through the private blockchains, specifying only few nodes keep ledgers. but the long run, requires continuous efforts hardware performance, algorithms, consensus mechanisms, cryptography and other aspects improve the usability. short, interoperability, scalability, and availability are the major bottlenecks the internet values, but good solution has yet emerged the industry. blueprint cryptofinance ... the internet values and cryptofinance the essence the internet values map various values blockchains they can controlled smart contracts. the internet values makes possible for cooperation among people decentralized, disintermediated, inclusive, and programmable. these obvious advantages will make various values rush mapped blockchains. the blockchain bottlenecks continue overcome, the internet values will inevitably grow higher speed. the process values being mapped blockchains requires abstracting the financial logic from business logic, which means that the internet values has been born have strong financial attribute. those applications the internet values that have especially strong financial attributes can referred the financial applications the internet values. define the on-chain financial activities the internet values and their related off-chain financial activities cryptofinance. the reason why use fusion project background and vision the word "crypto" that the securitized financial assets the internet values are controlled encryption technology, whose characteristics are vastly different from the traditional finance. since the internet values based the internet information, the internet values contains most the features the internet information. however, far information transmission concerned, there notable difference between the internet values and the internet information: the internet values based peer-to-peer networks using the user datagram protocol, which why the internet values has certain bottlenecks. the future, the performance the internet values will gradually approximate the performance internet information, that business scenarios and the financial transactions involved can seamlessly coded the same program. however, judging from the current situation, expect this will take long time. the current internet values will mainly accommodate financial applications, that is, cryptofinancial applications will the main applications the current internet values. ... features cryptofinancial assets before discussing the blueprint cryptofinance, necessary for explain what the "cryptofinancial assets"are, that is, what the "value" the internet values is. have already seen the profound impact the internet information our lives. can equally expect that the internet values will bring about tremendous changes our lives too. may understand the types information the internet, but few discuss the "value" the internet values. first, the values the internet values are tokens represented the blockchain, and the process mapping values the internet values the process tokenization assets. the tokens the chains represent the title, gain and control the underlying off-chain assets, the linked assets will expressed on-chain tokens and become part the internet values. through this process that the internet values allows more and more values enter itself and prevents "double spending" through distributed books, making transferring value with intermediaries easy sending information and the programming values easy programming information, making the prospect the internet values similar what have seen previously regarding the prospect the internet information. this prospect had already begun emerge when the ethereum erc protocol came out, but ethereum cannot attract many tokens since cannot communicate across blockchains and across data sources. and besides, its usability also problematic. second, the process tokenization the process securitization assets, which maps off-chain values chains cryptofinancial assets. since tokens are infinitely fusion project background and vision subdivided and can transferred across time and across space, they can used for financial businesses such mortgages, loans, and insurance. therefore, the process tokenization the process securitization assets and conversion off-chain assets into cryptofinancial assets that can controlled through private keys. finally, the values the internet values will more diverse. long tokenization profitable, identities, signatures, data, voting rights and will mapped the internet values. therefore, the values the internet values will more diverse than the assets traditional financial market. believe that the future the internet values will accommodate most the off-chain values currently transacted the existing markets. obviously, large number valuable items, such land, houses, works art, intelligence and other valuable things, are still not well represented the chain. however, with the continuous development various "tokenization technologies" asset tokenization will become brand new industry and more and more values will circulated chains. ... present situation cryptofinance financial activities that exist the internet values have just begun. although some people think that cryptocurrencies have begun infiltrate every aspect life and grow rapidly, their total value only few hundred billion u.s. dollars, which quite drop the bucket compared with the existing global financial scale. know, the total market value one the global land and real estate markets, the stock markets, commodity markets, foreign exchange markets, bond markets and derivatives markets can dozens trillions, hundreds trillions even thousands trillions. besides the scale, cryptofinancial functions are very much incomplete. except for transfers and icos, cryptofinance barely used other areas. table compares the functions traditional finance with the ones cryptofinance. table traditional finance and crypto finance features money and payments equity liabilities insurance derivatives alternative investments wealth management traditional finance fiat currencies, swift, interbank payments system, credit cards, mobile payments angel, vc, pe, ipo, stock exchange loans, treasuries, bonds life insurance, property insurance, reinsurance forward, futures, options, swap, abs, cds land, real estate, art, commodities, hedge funds trust, funds, private consultants cryptofinance tokens, wallets ico, ecr, centralized exchanges hardly any hardly any hardly any hardly any hardly any fusion project background and vision addition the scale and financial functions, general, there are three aspects shortcoming for cryptofinance: market. cryptofinancial markets are seriously underdeveloped terms depth, breadth and ecology. interoperability. cryptofinance now difficult interoperate through crosschains, cross-organizations, and cross-datasources. programmability. smart contracts are not automated, are unintelligent, and disfunctional. terms automation, current smart contracts must initiated external transaction. terms intelligence, the existing triggering mechanism cannot triggered external events. terms functions, token can transferred only whole, and the ownership and the usufruct cannot separately programmed. figure illustrates the inadequacies cryptofinance the above three areas. figure shortcomings cryptofinance ... blueprint cryptofinance from the above analysis can conclude that tokenization fact the process securitizing off-chain values into the cryptofinancial assets and the same time make these assets disintermediated, digitized, and programmable. however, the process tokenization and the overall transactions tokens the internet values all fall into the category cryptofinance. the most important feature cryptofinance that financial products are mainly represented blockchains, their property rights are mainly controlled private keys, and transactional activities are mainly accomplished through smart contracts blockchains. fusion project background and vision because the superiority cryptofinance, will create "high-dimension" strike existing finance. off-chain assets will tokenized into cryptofinancial assets, while on-chain financial products will primarily represented the tokens' smart contracts. because smart contracts primarily affect the "amount money" the addresses different cryptofinancial assets, smart contracts can nest with one another express complex financial logic and form financial applications that are not possible for traditional finance. cryptofinancial activities mainly include two levels content. one the activities tokenizing values into cryptofinancial assets. this may require variety services, including accounting firms, law firms, custodian institutions, national legal systems and on. these activities can called the "surrounding services cryptofinance". the second level on-chain financial activities cryptofinance assets. this mainly done through smart contracts decentralized blockchain and these smart contracts can called "cryptofinancial applications" together, they form the cryptofinancial activities. particular, need clarify that blockchains cannot solve all problems. centralized organizations are important products the evolution human systems. they will co-exist with blockchain communities the future and together promote the formation the internet values. the difference that central organizations will become the main service provider the cryptofinancial surrounding services while blockchains will become the infrastructure for the cryptofinancial market. therefore, cryptofinance will integrate all kinds people into cryptofinancial activities. foreseeable that with the development cryptofinance, traditional financial institutions will gradually transformed into service providers for the surrounding services and financial applications cryptofinance. there another characteristic that must emphasized cryptofinance: cryptofinance inclusive, which why cryptofinance can called inclusive cryptofinance. this conclusion stems from the foundation cryptofinance, the internet values, being inclusive. barriers entry the internet values low, free, and easy quit. properties are entirely the disposal individuals. can accommodate wide range values. this why part the internet values cryptofinance also inclusive. cryptofinance does not exclude all the values that can mapped blockchains, and does not exclude all those people centralized organizations who are willing participate, and all them will become part the ecosystem the internet values. cryptofinance gives glimpse the promise upgraded financial system, but cryptofinance, built the internet values, also affected the bottlenecks the internet values. while large number cryptofinancial applications can abstracted from existing business scenarios and the requirement for the usability the internet values not high, still, order create blueprint for cryptofinance, need address the issues interoperability and scalability. particular, must address the issue "isolated blockchain islands"on the basis which can achieve fusion's design and architecture fusion rich cryptofinancial ecosystem. fusion's vision considering the bright future cryptofinance and the bottlenecks the current internet values, propose the fusion project. fusion's vision (see establish platform-level public chain the cryptofinancial era that key infrastructure for value transfer can connect all kinds values, provide complete financial functions, communicate diverse communities and tokens, and bridge the centralized and decentralized organizations bring the internet values early possible. figure explains the three characteristics the internet values. figure fusion's interoperability fusion's design and architecture design ideas ... distributed nodes' control private keys from the above can see that the rise blockchains gives people vision the prospect the internet values, and the internet values represents the future human civilization. however, there are still bottlenecks the interoperability, scalability, and usability the internet values, which makes difficult for the current internet values support cross-chain value transfers, cross-chain smart contracts heavy fusion fusion's design and architecture applications, and also hinders the migration large amounts off-chain values the internet values. but solutions that break these bottlenecks have yet appear. since usability long-term and gradual improvement process, interoperability and scalability have become the major issues solved far. cryptofinancial assets are presented the form tokens, long multitoken smart contracts can realized, they can greatly enhance the interoperability internet values and make increase scalability much more easily. the current crosschain technology generally side-chain technology, which through two-way peg moves transactions side chains and realizes the exit from side chains multiple signatures. such approach can only achieve atomic transfers, and the performances almost all aspects are not good enough. need build public chain, and more innovative way allow different tokens mapped this public chain, which can make these tokens the same chain achieve multi-token smart contracts. this way, can greatly increase the interoperability the internet values and this public chain will surely become one the most important infrastructures for cryptofinance. not only does communicate values different blockchains, but also provides interfaces with centralized organizations and off-chain datasources improve the scalability the internet values. how will different tokens expressed new public chain? envisage that the tokens' private keys various blockchains can securely controlled distributed fashion public chain and this way the blockchain manages the control rights tokens. will like "freeway" the internet values, which can easily implement the value transfers between various tokens and multi-token smart contracts provide various cryptofinancial services. because the wide variety values, including blockchain tokens, off-chain assets, identity data, and other kinds data, all which are "values" they can express blockchains through various tokenization technologies. there will many blockchains for future scenarios. since almost all blockchain tokens are controlled private keys, values the internet values can distributedly managed smart contracts long the private keys their tokens can controlled distributed nodes public chain. turing-complete smart contracts, the public chain can also provide various functions cryptofinance more sophisticated form. this blockchain, which connects all tokens, does not require complex logic for various application scenarios. its purpose create layer management across all blockchains, enabling all tokens interact. because does not need run heavy application logic, its current usability capable fulfilling various cryptofinancial functions. can, great extent, alleviate the pains bottlenecks interoperability and scalability, and become important infrastructure the era the internet values. fusion fusion's design and architecture the public chain, infrastructure, the lowest level the economic world, albeit unnoticeable the naked eye, and powerful enough not only bring together various values and make the internet values more complete, but also release astonishing amounts values. just like the power nuclear fusion, which not only brings all kinds particles together powerful way make the world more complete, but also releases amazing energy. so, call this public chain fusion. fusion cryptofinance platform-level application. addition, since fusion has characteristics such distributiveness, low entry barriers, being democratic and disintermediary, and cross-chain, cross-organization and cross-datasource, the fusion cryptofinance platform also inclusive finance platform. ... key problems solved from the above analysis, know that the problem for the fusion project solve is: fusion will create public chain use distributed nodes control the private keys various tokens and this way, will not only map various blockchain tokens it, but will also achieve the function cross-chain smart contracts. fusion will also provide interfaces communicate off-chain organizations and datasources that will greatly improving interoperability and scalability the current internet values and making itself inclusive cryptofinance platform that serves the internet values. solve this problem, need solve the following sub-problems: first, interoperability. map tokens the fusion's public chain putting their private keys under the control fusion's distributed nodes and this way all the tokens acquire interoperability the same blockchain. second, scalability. provide interfaces tokenization for off-chain assets and data putting these assets and data under the management centralized organizations, and this way smart contracts blockchains, communicate with real world values and data. finally, usability. accommodate the large number tokens it, fusion needs improve fusion performance making full use distributed nodes distributed parallel computing. fact, there are still many issues solved our vision, and the fusion project will evolve these issues are resolved. the following summary some the problems need solve. some the problems that have are basically solved but need perfected. and some problems are being solved currently. see table design goal the goal fusion use blockchain technology build infrastructure platform run the cryptofinancial applications and the platform multiple types tokens fusion number fusion's design and architecture table list key problems type name economic model fusion economic model key control cross-chain communication key control token account system key control miners multiple signatures key control key's invisibility the miners consensus pow and pos consensus proof signature consensus punishment mechanisms consensus mines division labor consensus mortgage mechanisms smart contract abstract financial contract model smart contracts multi-token smart contract features smart contracts virtual machine mechanism smart contracts trading matching mechanism smart contracts payments application smart contracts key applications inter-organization interfaces with banks cross-organization interfaces with exchanges cross-organization standardization organization interfaces cross-datasource off-chain data interface ecosystem college community building ecosystem technology community building fusion fusion's design and architecture will able freely interact through smart contracts achieve value interoperability. therefore, the design fusion needs consider the application cryptofinance aspects including system functions and system requirements such security, reliability and efficiency, well the matching processing capabilities the future. specifically, the following technical requirements are included: system functions function multi-token interaction. expression the relationship between tokens, financial functions and triggering conditions, and the programmability encrypted financial applications and contents. the ability complete financial contracts transactions multiple types triggers. system characteristics security token asset. system's robustness. the efficiency the application's response and processing. the technology shielding underlying blockchain the development cryptofinancial applications and simplifying the development cryptofinance applications. large-scale applications meet the needs large-scale cryptofinance applications. maintain reasonable energy efficiency when the system reaches large scale. keep the block size and blockchain data storage scale within reasonable range. able maintain the computing power the node within reasonable range the system scales size and application. architecture view the above technical requirements terms system functions, characteristics and large-scale applications, the design fusion implement distributed control rights management, build smart contracts for cryptofinance and implement hierarchical hybrid consensus mechanism (hhcm). the resulting fusion architecture shown figure next, fusion's design plan further illustrated bottom-up order comparing existing blockchain architectures. hhcm concrete realization fusion system consensus layer. fusion fusion's design and architecture figure fusion architecture fusion fusion's design and architecture hhcm ensures the unpredictability bookkeeping nodes and enhances the security and robustness fusion system realizing the randomness nodes generated blocks. hhcm realizes the balance between pow and pos, combines the advantages both, avoids the centralized trend computing power stake, and achieves reasonable and stable energy efficiency ratio for fusion system. hhcm, built-in grouping parallel mechanism, realizes parallel processing transactions. hhcm, hierarchical calculation, realizes fragmentation and storage application data, reducing the requirements computing power and storage capacity for bookkeeping nodes. hhcm, dynamically adjusting the balance between the current system size and application scale nodes and computational power, achieves the system's scalability for large-scale applications. add "distributed control rights management" layer. through distributed control rights management, fusion enhances the security digital assets the process digital assets participating the cryptofinance, replacing the existing centralized private key generation and storage with distributed key generation and storage. through distributed control rights management, different tokenized assets can mapped fusion realize the free interaction between them. mapping multiple tokenized assets fusion, these digital assets become the operating targets cryptofinancial application, giving these tokens cryptofinancial properties across time, across space, and across roles, which previously were not available. expand current smart contracts financial functions order build cryptofinanceoriented smart contracts. add the new function for smart contracts define the relationship between two among more digital assets. add multiple trigger conditions for smart contracts meet the requirements different forms trigger conditions transactions and contracts' executions cryptofinancial applications. define off-chain data channels and incorporate off-chain data into fusion's cryptofinance applications. build distributed and cryptofinancial infrastructure services and add the "cryptofinance distributed service (dsrv)" layer. fusion distributed control rights management encapsulate the common underlying application cryptofinance dsrv, which shields the underlying blockchain technology for the development top-level cryptofinancial dapps, simplifying the development cryptofinancial dapps, and enriching the cryptofinancial dapps. achieve "cryptofinancial dapp" layer. realize the development, deployment, and operation dapp for cryptofinance. next, fusion will further elaborate the design and implementation fusion distributed control rights management, smart contracts for cryptofinance, and hhcm. distributed control rights management asset mapping and distributed control rights management distributed control rights management (dcrm) the process that hands over the control digital assets individuals centralized organizations the decentralized nodes' management. the distributed generation and distributed storage private key ensures that single individual can access the complete private key, which means that single node can obtain the control the digital assets under the state distributed control rights management. call the process generating corresponding tokens used for bookkeeping fusion for managed object cryptoasset mapping. through mapping, one token can freely interact with other mapped assets. operations that implement and de-manage distributed control are called lock-in and lock-out. cryptoasset lock-in process that enables distributed control rights management and asset mapping for all key-managed tokens. cryptoasset lock-out) the reverse operation lock-in and consists two parts: distribute control rights management and disassemble asset mapping. control the digital asset returned the owner upon completion lock-out, restoring the storage complete keys and centralized management keys. adopting distributed control rights management digital assets will increase the value digital assets increasing the security, liquidity, and cryptofinancial applications existing digital assets. improve the security digital assets cryptoasset control right expressed the control its private key. bitcoin (nakamoto, for example, the private key essentially random number. bitcoin's private key algorithm generates -bit random number running the sha fusion distributed control rights management hash algorithm random number. version number will added before and compression flag and additional checksum (after sha- operations, take the first four bytes the hash result) will added behind it. the result will encoded base get wif (wallet import format) format the private key. the public key generated the secpk elliptic curve algorithm from the private key. the bitcoin address generated from the public key hash functions (rpiemd+sha). currently, whether the digital asset the hands individuals exchanges, the corresponding keys are all stored with state completeness centralized single points. this single point may the user himself, may third party providing the wallet centralized exchange and on. therefore, the disclosure the key, theft and third party malicious embezzlement will cause huge loss users digital assets, and all the above situations have occurred the field digital assets. distributed control rights management digital assets uses two methods achieve security: key sharding the process dividing complete key into several parts called key sharding, and each these parts called shard the key. the sharded key does not need reorganized the whole process from generation storage, that place and time will the private key appear complete private key. distributed storage the key shards are stored different nodes the decentralized system. the process distributed storage, each node only touches one more fragments the key. none the nodes can reorganize the key these fragments, minimize the risk leakage key. the method handing key decentralized system way distributed storage can completely avoid the malicious occupation any third party. achieve financial functions between multiple tokens ... separation ownership and usufruct bitcoin transfers tokens between two parties through simple scripts. ethereum realizes the transfers transaction through triggering smart contracts. but both them and other new blockchains transfer token's ownership and usufruct whole from one side another. however, large number financial applications, such financing and wealth management, require the temporary separation ownership and usufruct, and use usufruct generate returns through trading with various other values. this puts the internet values disadvantage building richer financial applications. fusion will allow the use various tokens'private keys transferred distributed nodes through distributed nodes control services while preserving ownership, fusion distributed control rights management thereby the separation ownership and usufruct multiple tokens will simply and elegantly realized fusion's platform and the smart contract the platform will inherently own the ability program ownership and usufruct separately for multiple currencies. ... achieve the interaction between different tokens smart contracts allow for richer applications across tokens. however, the current smart contracts can only handle the same kind digital assets. present, the research cross-chain transaction digital assets mainly focuses the realization atomic transactions between two different digital assets. its limitation lies the fact that far from fulfilling the complex application scenarios faced cryptofinance. distributed control rights management different digital assets, succeeds mapping different digital assets one chain that possible achieve not two parties', but multiple parties' smart contracts, and achieve not only the exchanging tokens, but also the defining complex relationships between these different digital assets terms time and space. imposing triggering conditions the definition these relationships, possible accomplish smart contracts among multiple parties, between different digital assets and from the simplest transaction the most complex financial contracts. thus, the chain, establishing bridge between the different digital assets level value, will thoroughly solve the problem interaction and can transfer tokens cross different chains. ... add the financial function digital assets the native functions token come from its definition the original digital currency system. figure distributed control rights management the distributed control management digital asset, the asset can freely interact with different types other digital assets, making the digital asset become financial fusion distributed control rights management product and become the object trading, with the ability make agreements the financial market. this adds the possibility developing financial services into all digital assets, extending their potential beyond their current capabilities. implementation distributed control rights management ... functions implemented the implementation distributed control rights management includes the two basic steps: lock-in and lock-out. the process implementing lock-in, distributed control rights management accomplishes asset mapping atomic transactions. the same true for lock-out disassemble distributed control rights management and release mapping. whether lock-in lock-out, the core issue that need address how safely and securely transfer the original control rights digital assets decentralized system and ensure the reliable and secure storage and use the private key. the implementation lock-in and lock-out, the target digital asset transferred address generated from private key created the distributed sharding algorithm hand the control rights from centralized management system decentralized management. after the handover the control rights completed, the smart contract will update the status the user's account fusion reflect the completion lock-in lockout. the process bookkeeping fact that fusion takes releases control the original token and issues retrieves equal number bookkeeping tokens representing original digital assets from the user's account, thus completing the mapping digital assets fusion relieving the mapping from fusion. mapping transparent digital asset holders, except that the key that fusion controls their digital assets with created sharding and stored distributed nodes. this method safer than ever and their digital assets can easier access developed rich financial services. will use bitcoin example introduce the process lock-in implementation. when user initiates btc lock-in, the user's interface wallet. this wallet will have many features current multicurrency wallets, but will have the ability lock-in and manage different digital assets. addition, the wallet will also have variety financial services developed third parties, which the users can easily participate after completing lock-in. ... lock-in implementation process the experience the process user's initiating lock-in request fusion similar the experience transferring tokens current wallets. the specific fusion distributed control rights management figure lock-in process implementation steps are follows: start lock-in request user initiates btc lock-in requests fusion using lock-in's program interface the wallet. initiate private key the lock-in request operation triggers initiate smart contract lock-in fusion organize the process private key initialization. the so-called private key initialization generate private key distributed manner. the process, the smart contract will complete the key sharding and distributed storage key shards. the initialization the private key lays the foundation for the future storage and use the key. hand over control rights distributed management the initialization will generate address the bitcoin chain, user will transfer his btc that address. the user transfer operation will initialize broadcast the interface fusion, and the fusion node checks the completion the transfer. upon receipt the transactional broadcast, the node the fusion chain will check through third-party interface whether the transaction confirmed the bitcoin chain. the results show that the operation has succeeded transfer btcs the address generated lock-in, considered successful handover control rights the distributed control rights management. map the tokens after confirming the transfer control right, the smart contract will update user a's account status fusion. the lock-in record will packed the node and recorded the fusion block. that, the btc lock-in requests for user are completed. fusion ... distributed control rights management lock-out implementation process similarly, the user lock-out request also initiated the wallet calling the relevant program interface. the user's experience with the wallet similar any token transfer. the specific steps are follows: initiate lock-out request user operates wallet initiate -btc transfer transaction bitcoin address outside fusion, which will regarded lock-out request. check, lock, and generate transactions the transaction triggers the lock-out smart contract fusion. the contract will first check the asset status user fusion and lock the status the bitcoins mapped user the fusion account and then generate transaction request with user a's signature address. threshold signature the nodes the fusion chain receive the transaction request and begin compute and compare according their stored key shards. the result positive, the node will sign and broadcast the result. the same time, each node collects the signatures. when the transaction signatures reach the threshold t/m, m), the transaction sent the node the bitcoin main chain, and the transfer btc transactions will completed. disassemble the distributed control rights management the node fusion will check whether the transaction confirmed the bitcoin blockchain via the interface corresponding bitcoin. after the consensus reached the result that the transaction has been confirmed, user a's btc will disassembled from the distributed control rights management. release token mapping and destroy the smart contract will synchronize the user's status the fusion account, release the locked btc mappings and destroy the mappings. the same time, the lock-out record packed into the fusion block. this point, the user's lock-out request completed. the nodes involved initiating the transaction across the chain, confirming the transaction, and verifying the transaction signature will all receive corresponding rewards according the established incentive mechanism. the key technologies ... private key security protection technology the control rights private keys equal the control rights digital asset. therefore, how effectively ensure that the private key not leaked the whole process fusion distributed control rights management generating, storing and using key issue realize lock-in digital assets safely and reliably. this leads the following questions: the private key stored completely one place, the private key will leaked due the node attack malicious node. therefore, order ensure the security the private key, fusion chooses shard the private key and store different nodes. the private key cannot deemed being completely sharded the process generation appears whole. therefore necessary generate the private key distributed way. the process the use private key, for example, generating valid address the original chain, order avoid being consciously collected malicious nodes, the private key its shards must not passed among nodes. similarly, the private key will not appear whole, which may bring the potential risks leaking. these problems need solved the research distributed cryptographic computation and threshold cryptosystem. because the differences between blockchains, "distributed key initialization"between different encrypted digital currencies will have some differences the detailed realization. will continue conduct research the related fields such realization and security the distributed control management. the following discussion will mainly focus the effective implementation the distributed key generation. figure distributed key generation the distributed generation private keys the distributed generation private keys accomplished using multiple nodes fusion distributed manner. each node only generates and saves part the private key, and does not transmit and assemble the private key fragments. this process, the number shards determined according the key sharding algorithm and virtual node groups are formed generate the private key according the number determined. ensure that the keys are state availability, the fusion distributed control rights management algorithm that determines the number nodes group will ensure that the probability extremely low that most the nodes, holding key's shard, are simultaneously out line. each shard generated randomly and independently according the determined sharding length nodes the same group. nodes finally form the values the shards according the established consensus mechanism. calculation private keys the use private keys achieved through distributed cryptographic calculations. when transaction signature verification broadcast, the node can calculate and compare based the shards has saved. when the verification successful, the node signs and broadcasts its shard's verification result. this process, the result each shard irreversible, therefore, the key any shard cannot deduced from any content broadcast. present, the fusion team has concluded through code analysis that hash and the elliptic curve algorithm can support the private key sharding and distributed computation. for some original chains, where the algorithm does not support sharding calculation, the method homomorphic encryption will considered realize the calculation the key without the key being leaked. transaction confirmation when the node completes verification the private key shards, the node collects the result the shards' signature from broadcasting, and the transaction considered valid when the shards' signature transaction reaches threshold. ... distributed key generation fusion based the theories and achievements distributed key generation (dkg) the field cipher-sharing (?). the public key and the public key are both generated nodes cooperating communicate. the public key broadcast the public chain, the private key separately stored each node distributed manner through variable secret sharing (vss). the common public key generated the dkg algorithm, and then the account address the lock-in generated the corresponding algorithm realize decentralized control. here refer the domain vss and dkg based elliptic curve cryptography distributed key generation protocol and application (wang and he, research the process described below: given elliptic curve there exists finite field (q), prime number with participant sets {p, ..., denotes the identity the ith participant pi, and (q), where (q) multiplicative group (q). the meantime, and are interchangeable during the calculation. e/gf (q) represents the additive fusion distributed control rights management group e/gf (q), the order e/gf (q) prime number prime factor, marking this prime prime factor this key generation protocol, assumed that both scalar multiplication and dot multiplications are done and that the other operations are done (q). calculate (x) first compute (x) and then p(x) mod and (x) mod the scalar multiplication let assume that has another base point the elliptic curve the following description the dkg protocol: generate private key si: randomly selects numbers, aik (q) and bik (q), ..., aik bik polynomial coefficients order fi(z) aiz ... aitzt fi(z) biz ... bitzt sij fi(pi) mod sij' (pj) mod calculates: ii. calculates public values: pik (aikt (bikt ..., distribution confidential information: sends message containing sij and sij through secure channel between itself and si. dissemination public information: broadcasts information containing the message {pik| t}. receives sji and sji' si) from for participation executes the following: verify through: (sjit (sji pluspki pjk ii. fails, sends complaint pi. iii. receives complaint from rebroadcasts sji and sji' order let them satisfy formula si, jqi sji will updated under conditions below: receives more different complaints, then update si. ii. broadcasts sji and sji again, but the sji and sjireceived still fail meet fusion distributed control rights management needs updated. generate public key yi: calculate and broadcast ai. receive and calculate the public key the above dkg protocol can prove secure (gennaro, jarecki, krawczyk, and rabin, ... threshold signature blockchain decentralized, self-organized and distributed network. there trust between nodes and they can join and leave freely. during the process fusion's distributed signatures, node with certain shard the private key exits the network, the signature will fail and the transaction will not completed. the fusion chain uses the threshold signature mechanism (shamir, (t, group nodes, the signature can completed with less than nodes' cooperation. figure threshold signature threshold signature mechanism can solve the problem signatures generated fusion's exiting nodes and improve the stability the blockchain network. according the research the adaptation nodes distributed key generation network(zha, shu, yan, and yan, ensure the effective operation fusion chain, fusion will select the candidate nodes join and refresh the shared key parameters extreme cases. fusion cryptofinancial smart contracts cryptofinancial smart contracts defining the financial relationships among multiple parties ... enhancements smart contracts the cryptofinancial smart contract (csc) defined the smart contract that used complete financial transactions one multiple digital assets among multiple participants defining the relation and value interaction conditions one more digital assets among multiple participants terms time succession and spatial location. the digital assets here refer the assets that are mapped the fusion chain digital assets lock-in, which allows fusion's smart contracts define the relationships among multiple different digital assets simultaneously. multiple participants refer the owners users different digital assets. the fusion chain they are shown accounts, including user accounts and contract accounts. and cryptofinancial smart contracts, contract participants may include multiple user accounts and multiple contract accounts. since the essence finance the exchange values across time and across space, the description financial transactions through smart contracts turns into description the relationships among different digital assets and different ownership time and space. the current smart contracts have the following restrictions: can only operate the same digital asset between two parties the same chain; can only transfer ownership digital assets, that use and ownership digital assets are indivisible; can only triggered transaction, lacking off-chain trigger conditions and valid off-chain information input. these restrictions affect the possibility implementing complex financial transactions existing blockchain and smart contracts. therefore, the enhancement smart contracts for financial applications will reflected that can: realize applications the ownership and the usufruct among multiple parties and multiple digital assets. have variety trigger mechanisms; effectively get off-chain data input; call other smart contracts smart contract nested way parallel way the smart contracts are financial products. fusion ... cryptofinancial smart contracts cryptofinancial functions the distributed control rights management tokens has enabled the interaction among different digital assets and has become the object defined and programmed for fusion's cryptofinancial smart contracts. therefore, has the capability and the necessity implement the cryptofinancial functions such multi-role, multi-token and separation usufructs. multi-role refers the ability cryptofinancial smart contract support multiple different account types and the same time define the relationships between multiple users and multiple smart contracts. multi-token means that after mapping different digital assets fusion via lockin, the relationship between multiple different digital assets can defined simultaneously smart contract fusion. separation usufructs means that the usufructs and ownerships digital assets can separated. the current smart contract can only transfer tokens whole from one party another party and not possible for one party obtain ownership the digital asset while the other party acquires the usufruct the digital asset, which means the ownership and the usufruct inseparable traditional smart contracts. cryptofinancial smart contract, easy define more than two user accounts contractual accounts one contract, and this way can separately define accounts ownership and usage and realize financial transactions such mortgage lending between different digital assets. figure reflects how the cryptofinancial smart contracts define relationship among different digital assets. the three vertices the graph the mapping different types digital assets fusion. through smart contracts, they establish definition the relationship terms time, space, usufructs and ownership simultaneously with each other. these definitions will work some all them, triggered certain conditions, according the preset actions the contract. these trigger conditions can proactive transaction, can time condition, event occurrence. the relationship among digital assets only defined terms space, the transfer between them will achieved. the relationship defined terms time, constitutes borrowing relationship between them. the relationship defined terms object attribution, reflects the relationship between ownership and usufructs them. therefore, the logical abstraction one more relationships terms time, space and object attributions can result the construction different transactions from simple complex between different digital assets, even eliciting the financial innovations that have not been realized yet, providing unlimited imagination. fusion cryptofinancial smart contracts figure financial relationship definition contract multi-triggering mechanism ... diversity triggering conditions the current implementation smart contracts based the transfer ownership digital assets, which because the current smart contract triggered transfer the contract. for example, the smart contract ethereum figure??. figure smart contract one-shot mechanism here, the execution smart contract the node's virtual machine triggered initiating transaction smart contract address. this triggering mechanism called proactive trigger. taking smart contract fundraising for example, when user initiates transfer the smart contract, node first needs verify the validity the transfer, including verifying whether the user's current financial balance the blockchain covers the transaction. then, the smart contract calls the corresponding function receiving the fusion cryptofinancial smart contracts donation and judges according the preset response condition the function. for example, the smart contract will check the total amount the donation and receives the donation when the total amount not above quota. and lastly, changed contract value state the smart contract will written into the block record that the transaction has occurred. from the above analysis, can see that the functions the smart contract will include judgments some conditions, but these conditions will not verified there transaction trigger the smart contract the first place. even the relevant conditions are met, the execution subsequent rules the smart contract will not triggered. smart contract cannot triggered outside conditions other than transaction, many financial transactions scenarios, such passive quantitative trading strategy, cannot accomplished. therefore, the first step enhancing smart contracts for cryptofinancial applications enhance the triggering mechanism. addition supporting the existing active triggering mechanism, two triggering mechanisms timing triggering and event triggering are also introduced. call the expanded triggering mechanism the multi-triggering mechanism. figure multi-trigger mechanism for encrypting financial smart contracts the multiple triggering mechanism has the following three trigger modes: the active triggering mode consistent with the current smart contract triggering mode and can supported all types smart contracts. timing triggering mode means that the smart contract can triggered time conditions such time point length time. for example, the lending scenarios typical swaps across time, and such applications will well supported time triggering mode. event triggering mode means that smart contract will triggered when certain event occurs. for example, automated trading and quantitative trading, capturing events very important. such scenarios need triggered events triggering mode. the above three triggering modes are formed abstracting various financial application scenarios and can satisfy various types requirements for smart contract trigger needs complex cryptofinancial applications. fusion ... cryptofinancial smart contracts off-chain information input present, the information that smart contracts can handle comes from inside its blockchain and the case multiple triggering mechanism, part the triggering information will come from outside. result, cryptofinancial smart contracts will build external information input interface and ensure the validity and authenticity off-chain information through various mechanisms. accomplish this, first, fusion will provide outside data for the nodes via http socks based the standard apis provided third-party datasources. fusion will encapsulate data calls some commonly used off-chain datasources, which like the system call provide data for nodes' acquisition. however, nodes can also use the above data acquisition channels build their own datasources obtain relevant data information. the authenticity the off-chain data obtained verified the consensus mechanism. when node finds that the off-chain data related certain triggering conditions certain smart contract, the node will run and broadcast the smart contract. malicious node deliberately broadcasts smart contract the entire network, since the smart contract will re-verified other honest nodes before execution, the network can easily terminate the smart contract during the execution phase deemed malicious. such malicious act will not have any damaging effect the actual operation the smart contract, nor will there any possibility making any unearned arbitrage profit. incentive mechanisms also help address the issue the effectiveness off-chain data input. because data's successful confirmation needs the whole network consensus, nodes can only make more revenue seeking faster and more reliable datasources and properly verifying triggering conditions. through the nature efficient market and resource allocation, the high efficiency network nodes will rewarded. data fabricated few malicious nodes can hardly affect the final data's authenticity. ... compatibility and enhancements fusion's cryptofinancial smart contract will enhanced and developed the basis ethereum's smart contracts. for enhancements such triggering mechanisms, functionality extensions will implemented based compatibility with existing ethereum smart contracts. this will allow smart contracts now running ethereum easily migrate fusion and enable developers smart contracts quickly develop fusion. the next phase will optimize programming languages and virtual machines for richer application development environment, provide more intuitive application development tools and debug environments for those developers who have little code fusion cryptofinancial smart contracts experience. contract nested call the above enhancements current smart contracts eventually make the smart contracts fusion capable defining relationships and interaction rules different conditions, among different values and participants, time and space, enabling smart contracts fusion have the flexibility build cryptofinancial applications. the smart contract fusion can not only update account status and values, but also can call another smart contract during its execution long related conditions are met. implementing smart contract a's call smart contract needs complete the following tasks: build smart contract for nested calls the code the smart contract preset condition judgment and preset condition rule for calling the smart contract are added and the parameter the target smart contract address index created. the basis for the judgment the condition comes from the input the data when the smart contract triggered and the result the calculation the data. the preset conditions are satisfied, the node will download the smart contract for execution. the description the call condition has two parts: rules and timing. rules are calculation functions written smart contract advance. time conditions may preset condition smart contract that triggered when running the smart contract condition that periodically checks the status smart contract. the process nested call when the smart contract triggered, will, according the preset calling conditions, judge whether necessary execute the smart contract not. ii. when the calling conditions are met, the preset calculation function executed and the result the calculation will the input the smart contract iii. download the smart contract the local computing environment the node who has executed the smart contract input the data calculated the previous step the data the smart contract b's input, and start executing the smart contract the above steps can complete smart contract a's call the contract since smart contract based the status smart contract the trigger and input data, call the logic relationship between them nested call smart contract. smart contracts not only make judgments according its own business logic within their contracts, but also call other smart contracts through preset conditions. this way, easy construct network-like call relationships among different smart contracts, which establishes the value interaction between interrelated financial applications and cryptofinancial smart contracts fusion thus provides the possibility creating complex applications. result, sophisticated financial services such loan application based future cash flow, can built through nested calls between smart contracts. these characteristics and the multitrigger mechanism, the fusion platform can realize complex financial functions, which will discussed the part concerning multi-trigger mechanisms. contract development ... contract preparation and release order fulfill cryptofinancial smart contract, the following steps need completed: build smart contract the smart contracts released fusion are extension existing smart contracts. the contract should have two parts: definition and description. the definition part consistent and compatible with ethereum smart contracts. therefore, the existing smart contracts ethereum are compatible with fusion. includes contract status, contract values, and functions that preset response conditions and response rules. the description section contains the description the trigger use for this smart contract: the triggering mechanism for selecting timing conditions (events), polling time, sources information, and on. figure encrypt smart financial contract compilation release smart contract after the smart contract released, the storage the definition section stored the blockchain, which line with the existing smart contracts. the description part will combined with the trigger conditions all smart contracts the current fusion cryptofinancial smart contracts blockchain form calling list, which stored the block for the whole network access. the calling list, each row records corresponds smart contract. each record includes, addition the content contained the description, index address corresponding the stored smart contract. figure cryptofinance smart contract release ... timing and trigger conditions proactive triggers are consistent with the triggering smart contracts ethereum, which triggered transfer contract address. the new timing triggering mode and event triggering mode will achieved through the following steps: judge the trigger conditions nodes the calling list downloaded the local node for execution. the node will poll the list and download corresponding local data judge whether each item the list meets the trigger condition. trigger smart contract when the bookkeeping node finds that the condition certain smart contract satisfied during the polling certain moment, the node will acquire the smart contract address according the corresponding smart contract address index the calling list and sends specified transaction trigger the smart contract. the same time, the entire network bookkeeping nodes will download the smart contract according the designated transaction. execute the smart contract the execution smart contract consistent with the way the current smart contract executed, that is, executes the node's operating environment (virtual machine). the difference that the contract includes new triggers and can embedded into other contracts triggering conditions, leading chain events. fusion ... cryptofinancial smart contracts interface and rapid development fusion will provide smart contract programming environments and function libraries. developers can summon these functions achieve the rapid development smart contracts. the development environment will encapsulate various blockchain, smart contracts, datasources and interfaces make easier access and interact with data. here are some typical interfaces: key management implement key-related functions including: initializing the key pair, generating and returning the public key address. entering the public key address and the corresponding signature, returning the signature hash value. blockchain data acquisition blockchains are regarded systems that support distributed applications (dapp), smart contracts acquiring blockchain data will equivalent getting the global variables its blockchain system. through such interface, smart contracts can get the following information the blockchain: targeted block height. information sender. information recipient. ... call smart contracts all the features fusion are realized through smart contracts. for example, make transfer smart contract, this can achieved employing transfer smart contract. fusion will use more basic smart contracts encapsulate common financial applications. therefore, the process writing smart contract fusion the process imbedding basic smart contracts into regular financial applications and then expanding their potential building more complex functions. fusion will use the foundation identify basic financial contracts, thus forming library smart contracts for developers use. off-chain datasource interface cryptofinancial smart contracts use off-chain data trigger conditions. often, such data acquisition via standard http socks-based api provided third party. for example, third-party interface call function will get the address the target url via http and get return json packet. fusion cryptofinancial smart contracts figure cryptofinance smart contract call this interface method also applies fusion obtain information other blockchains, for example, query and confirm whether certain transaction another chain confirmed the block where located, and similar way can used transfer third party data, for example, the nasdaq index, the champions league match results, weather data and on. fusion will use the foundation identify third-party interfaces and form the corresponding third-party interfaces for smart contracts call. rapid development the early stages the project, fusion will provide some smart contract templates for typical applications for reference and use application developers. however, application developers must still meet some requirements coding skills. the platform's underlying functions and common financial fundamental applications become more resourceful and sophisticated, application developers can employ these smart contracts setting preconditions realize the intended financial applications. order further improve such development environment and drastically reduce the development threshold for developers, fusion's future plan includes visual and modular application development tools, compilation environment and application test environment, which will allow smart contract developers focus innovations financial applications. programming language and virtual machine programming languages, fusion will initially use ethereum's solidity language for compatibility with smart contracts and rapid porting existing smart contracts. later, will also provide compilers different languages support more smart contract fusion cryptofinancial smart contracts development languages. will develop smart contract sandboxing mechanism that uses browser programming editor perform specialized fail-safe checks and fuel cost optimization. terms virtual machines, fusion's evm will initially use evm for the consideration compatibility. the long run, jvm will tailored and optimized use jvm fusion. the main consideration that the jvm mature and fully functional virtual machine that helps better implement more sophisticated financial applications and leverage the many development resources available today the jvm. use multiple triggers realize complex financial functions existing smart contracts can only passively wait for the trigger transaction executed transaction, which creates the problem requiring the introduction trust broker determine who has the right trigger smart contract and under what conditions trigger smart contract. smart contracts the fusion platform will define the relationships code among parties (whether common smart contract nested contracts). these smart contracts will run automatically multiple triggers, enabling smart contracts activated one after another without human intervention. hence, multiple parties can believe each other through codes smart contracts and complete variety complex financial functions. fusion smart contracts, possess the ability program ownership and usufruct separately, which enable triggers, based time other conditions, lend usufruct another and execute them originally promised without any disruption until the final right usufruct and ownership returned the participants. such feature enables smart contracts fulfill variety financial functions. taking the application borrowing money participate ico example, the fusion smart contract can programmed borrow tokens, return new currency and pay interest. taking fund application example, the smart contract the fusion platform can automatically manage fund: accepting the usufruct various tokens into smart contract, holding various digital assets, generating management fees, paying the dividend, etc. taking various derivatives example, the smart contract can accept margins and realize functions such adjusting margins, liquidating and settling through triggers external datasources. fusion hierarchical hybrid consensus mechanism hierarchical hybrid consensus mechanism hierarchy tasks and consensus ... definition hierarchical hybrid the hierarchical hybrid consensus mechanism (hhcm) used fusion for stratifying the computational work generating blocks and adopting suitable consensus mechanism different layers. hhcm introduced the concept grouping achieve private keys' generation and management and parallel computing. hhcm combines the advantages pow and pos balance safety, efficiency, scale and other aspects. the hierarchy reflected the fact that the work the transaction packaging and generation blocks divided into two phases, one after another succession. the first layer the hierarchy the application execution layer that implements the application's execution and submits the results the second layer. the second layer the block generation layer. packs the results submitted the first layer form block record the chain. among them, grouping, reflected respectively the transaction grouping and node virtual grouping. the first layer, the application computing layer, the virtual group nodes completes the calculation all the current transactions, realize the parallel computing all the current transactions. addition, the form virtual grouping increases the randomness node selection each round, which increases the security and expansibility the algorithm. the related discussion will further introduced the following. the so-called hybrid consensus mechanism reflected the following three aspects: the nodes participating packing blocks the entire fusion system are generated based the pos method. the consensus within each the first tier also uses the pos consensus mechanism. the consensus mechanism pow used generate the final block the second layer block generation. the following describes the structure and role division the hhcm: the roles figure described below: layer hhcm) the first layer consists virtual groups physical nodes. the nodes each group will jointly process one all the transactions assigned the group and the work among the different groups will not overlap each other. layer hhcm fusion hierarchical hybrid consensus mechanism figure hierarchical hybrid consensus mechanism the nodes the second layer are mapped from one the virtual groups the first layer. this layer, all the packages packed the first layer will packaged into new block. bookkeeping node consensus mechanism using pos, elected from all nodes the network participate accounting physical nodes. winning node, node this set nodes competing for the right package transaction package. virtual grouping nodes virtual group nodes refers the group that are made number bookkeeping nodes the first layer. the so-called virtual reflected in: the node uses calculations automatically determine which group belongs and nodes are assigned any group anyone. each time group will have different nodes and any bookkeeping node not simultaneously the same group. this grouping dynamic and does not need centralized mechanism assign groups, which why the grouping method called virtual grouping. group node group node virtual node located the second layer and mapped certain group nodes the first layer. group node not physical node, but virtual node that winning node created consensus mechanism the first layer. this winning node, the representative the node the group, competes with the representatives other group nodes finish the generation the block. ... value hierarchical hybrid pow simple and effective consensus mechanism, but pow also has some obvious problems. the most notable issues include: fusion hierarchical hybrid consensus mechanism extremely high energy consumption, which increases with system size. constant concentration calculation due profit game. this has led forks because bitcoin's many disagreements decision-making. the same time, the concentration power also considered another form centralization. pos improved consensus mechanism based the consideration pow's problems. however, the system evolves, pos will tend centralize capital and will result those who have more money will also have more rights. the goal fusion realize cryptofinancial platform that achieves inclusive benefits through financial contracts among various digital assets. will huge blockchain financial application platform. the consensus mechanism fusion must able adapt the system performance the application scale and the node scale safe and efficient manner, whilst controlling the energy consumption problem the same time and avoiding various forms concentration. hhcm enables the system operate safely and efficiently, balances computing power with equity and enhances the system's scale elasticity. randomness and security the security the consensus algorithm depends the randomness the nodes that generate each block. when malicious node cannot secure the right generate consecutive blocks various means such controlling power, controlling interests attacking nodes, the security the consensus algorithm can guaranteed. the theory randomness, fusion's design randomness similar the algorand consensus algorithm (chen and micali, most pos systems also rely heavily the randomness bookkeeping rights ensure the validity the algorithm. the way that professor micali designed the implementing randomness algorand called "encrypted lottery", process that gives randomness lots picks nodes certain algorithm. fusion's randomness this respect generated similar way algorand, and the randomness the results achieved through algorithm ensure that the results each grouping are unpredictable. fusion randomness this respect stems from the realization virtual grouping nodes, which different from the realization randomness algorand algorithm. the following the method used the generation node virtual grouping: generate billing node. the nodes involved bookkeeping fusion are generated based pos, and more likely that nodes holding more rights and interests for longer time will become bookkeeping nodes. group nodes. fusion will set group number. the node can generate result calculating the hash value the previous block and another input value fusion hierarchical hybrid consensus mechanism through preset function. here simplify the description the problem, assume the use the number groups take this result, that each node can know their own virtual grouping. the grouping process random process, and has nothing with the rights and interests. generate packaging node. the second layer, the final bookkeeping right determined pow, which has nothing with the rights and interests. hybrid consensus mechanism encourages bookkeeping right competitors possess certain rights and calculating power, but discourages them from having too much interest calculating power. the same time, the mechanism ensures the randomness generating the packaging nodes. course, the node that holds the highest equity and the highest calculation power the network will have more opportunities, but because the randomness still difficult ensure frequent wins. more importantly, such node has formed huge community interests aligned within the fusion system thus there incentive undermine its own interests, ensuring that high value nodes will not defect. sum up, although node spends large amount cost holding its equity increasing its power order realize large bookkeeping chance, does not guarantee its success. the same time, adjusting the number groups, balance the spread controlling power within the network, making any node who wants monopolize bookkeeping required infinitely close the power the entire network. this essence highly improbable and uneconomic. will discuss balance between power and stake later. through our randomized and distributed mechanisms, there are still enough opportunities obtain bookkeeping rights for the nodes that not hold large amount rights and interests have the absolute calculating power advantage. this way, more nodes tend more rationally treated terms their rights and expenses, and ultimately, the nodes are mostly average state. and, the number network nodes increases, there will not any significant changes this balance, which will discussed the part scalability. therefore, hhcm will always maintain high degree randomness. computation and equity balance the forms layering and grouping has allowed achieve high degree randomness, but also achieve the balance between calculating power and equity. since the bookkeeping nodes the whole network are generated from the nodes the entire network based the pos, the number the bookkeeping nodes can maintained reasonably and efficiently when the number nodes increases. when each group has winning node, they will representatives entering the second layer for block generation. this time, the number nodes working according pow equal the fusion hierarchical hybrid consensus mechanism number groups agreed the system. this value can always effectively controlled within acceptable range and the problem resource consumption caused adopting the pow method also controllable. this way, fusion adopts different consensus mechanisms different layers, which hybrid consensus mechanism. this consensus mechanism can effectively avoid the prominent problems brought the adoption pow and pos alone, and can effectively balance the computing power and the benefits exert the advantages both. the same time, will also truly appeal computing power providers and stakeholders who are interested participating fusion. achieve parallel processing ... parallel processing another benefit hhcm the ability parallel processing. parallel processing reflected the first layer the hhcm, because this layer constructs the node virtual grouping, and also groups all the transactions the same block cycle. the two are one-to-one correspondence. this case, each virtual grouping will deal with one group transactions all the transactions, and the transactions between different virtual groups will not overlap. each group packages the results their transaction calculations inputs the second layer consensus process, repackaging these packages through the second layer generate the final block. thus, the structure hhcm achieves parallel processing grouping. the ability realize parallel processing will have increasingly more advantages more applications enter it. adjusting the number groups according the total transaction size, the system can achieve outstanding concurrency performance. the design the hhcm, the newly added nodes have the chance win the reward packing block balancing the advantages computing power and stake. the case great number applications and continuous expansion trading volume, will naturally become attractive for new nodes provide computing power. ... scalability the hhcm great value fusion the expansion system scale. this also major challenge facing the current blockchain system. the one hand, has been mentioned above that regardless the extent expansion the fusion node size, the number nodes that ultimately participate competing bookkeeping right can still managed within suitable range dynamically adjusting the number groups and promoting the system run efficiently and smoothly. fusion hierarchical hybrid consensus mechanism moreover, the first layer, parallel processing achieved. this gives fusion the ability adjust itself paralleling processes the face expanding number financial transactions and adjust the number groups when necessary balance rights. therefore, adopting such consensus mechanism, fusion has excellent scal- ability adapt either the expansion the size the entire network nodes the expansion the scale financial transactions. ... application the expansion the hierarchy the focus the first layer different from the second layer: the main task the first layer complete the implementation the application; the main task the second layer collect the packages from the first layer and generate new block. such structure has the innate advantage layering work the applications, which can solve the problem too large data storage size nodes current blockchain systems. fusion, the storage and calculation the input data for the application transaction done the first layer, and then sends the transaction and the transaction result the second layer. these small amounts transaction data are packaged the second layer form block. this can effectively control the size the fusion block within reasonable range. there are lot benefits with controlling block size optimality: controlling the efficiency broadcasts distributed networks, reducing the computational load nodes, and controlling the size data storage the nodes, all contribute the system make support large number cryptographic financial applications. implementation hhcm ... determination grouping fusion will set calculation formula establish the virtual groups and through this formula, the calculation result will generated randomly. randomness helps ensure that the entire system not under the control malicious nodes. since all fusion's features and applications are smart contracts, each smart contract will set its own value for the number groups. the implementation grouping set groups smart contract and let the function (y, determine for the grouping process. for (y, the input the value the previous block's hash, set the condition and the public address, set then through the formula: (a, mod each bookkeeping node can confirm their own group, with the realization this group being completely decentralized. fusion ... hierarchical hybrid consensus mechanism block generation functions smart contracts define that they will use groups. the node can use the above algorithm determine which group the transactions should compute. thus, virtual grouping with corresponding transactions are created. the nodes the same group according the method pos will determine which node obtains the bookkeeping right. each group will determine node compete creating new block. the node acts the delegate the group enter the second layer and competes with the other representatives for the packaging right blocks according the pow. the new block will generated hashing transaction package, and the new block's package will one these representatives. this point, new hhcm block will generated. obviously, while the nodes implement the virtual grouping, the smart contracts also group the transactions accordingly. therefore, the first layer the hierarchical consensus, the work tasks among the groups are completely independent, that the first layer, implementation the application can processed between groups and acquire good performance concurrency. this design very suitable for fusion the different digital assets lock-in. lockin's smart contracts not have wait for the full confirmation the previous cycle respond the new lock-in request any time. since each lock-in transaction has wait until the completion the transfer control over the original chain, the lockin request loosely coupled between the response and the eventual completion the package right. finally, within one block cycle, confirmation the transaction will packaged into the block this cycle successful transaction. this fusion can achieved for such high-frequency lock-in request with fast response, and the same lock-out request can also achieved this way with fast response. ... discussion stochastic enhancement under the design hierarchical hybrid consensus mechanism, the nodes that get the right pack the previous block have special advantage the next block packing process. can know its own groupings the next block cycle ahead time its generated block hash value, but that's all. another hypothesis explore: assume that the node group wants get group transactions packaged. then first will face the competition with the group node, and there guarantee that the node will surely get group b's transactions package right and become the winning node. even though the node successfully becomes winning node group when the package submitted the smart contract, the node will checked out and discarded. fusion hierarchical hybrid consensus mechanism therefore, this case, the node makes useless effort. similarly, malicious node cannot expect able control the continuous two blocks this way perform double spending. the same time, the hhcm can still further increase the randomness. smart contract can design one the groups guerrilla node and divide all the transactions into groups. the so-called guerrilla node, that these nodes have been given right choose any one group join. the joining method that the guerrilla node can arbitrarily select group data the transaction group for calculation, that the guerrilla node joins virtual group corresponding the transaction group. the same time, when the smart contract receives the result the transaction package, can judged according the formula for determining the grouping before, and the submission from the guerrilla node will regarded valid and normally accepted. this case will further discuss the relationship between randomness and security. assuming that the nodes the whole network are acting with goodwill and honesty, the existence guerrilla nodes will inevitably further increase the randomness the nodes the virtual groups the nodes, resulting greater uncertainty the final outcome the packetization. uncertainty increases the effort needed from malicious node acquire block's packing right attacking the node, and even the previous block's packing right obtained, the advantages controlling few nodes emerge random, does not ensure that can obtain the next block's right pack. attack and control too many the nodes extraordinarily difficult since the number least equal not greater than the number groups, and this already very large number, and will attract the entire system attention. another way attack the node get the block packing right, but this also cannot affect the current result this block, the next block cannot guarantee that this node still available. such attack meaningless. next, discuss the impact centralization fusion system security. there malicious party who intends control fusion, hoped that the block generation can controlled obtaining enough number guerrilla nodes and consciously arranging for the guerrilla nodes obtain different group transaction data respectively. since becoming bookkeeping node first requires passing the pos the group, the malicious party first needs hold sufficient number interests for each node, and the number nodes equal greater than the number groups, the total amount required will two products the two. moreover, each node needs ensure that all win the pos each group, least guarantee the winning number the sum controlled winning nodes reaches more than the sum all winning nodes. then the malicious party's value the stakes these nodes will far higher than the average, close the highest value, which will require for the total control nodes and fusion project plan groups, which highly improbable figure. moreover, adding order magnitude the number virtual groups into the system does not put too much pressure the operation the system. however, adding sufficient number nodes the malicious side accordingly needs great number capital. this case, must the largest stakeholder fusion and would impractical launch attack fusion this way clear its stake held fusion. project plan project implementation steps distributed control rights management function the first step the project enable distributed control tokens. the frontend wallet that can deposit and withdraw various tokens. wallet user attains the mapping his/her tokens the fusion platform transferring tokens into his/her fusion's address, feeling difference from ordinary wallets. because these tokens are controlled distributed nodes, the key problems solve here are that the private keys are not visible any node, and that nodes are motivated keep all pieces private keys and the platform secure enough. multi-token smart contract platform fusion will provide innovative platform based multi-token smart contracts the infrastructure platform and related peripherals for the development cryptofinancial applications. interfaces for various central organizations and external data fusion will provide interfaces for key centralized organizations and external datasources that more values and data can programmed for smart contracts. particular, identity data requires off-chain authentication services and the datasources are required stable and reliable. continuous development the platform will continue improve and upgrade itself the aspects parallel computing, dsrv implementation and consensus mechanism and the platform will developed into high-throughput decentralized version similar alipay. fusion will continue cultivate the application market, increase applications smart contracts and types tokens and interfaces. will continue work with centralized organizations and datasources continuously promote the standardization movement blockchain interfaces that more and more values can run the platform and realize the vision inclusive cryptofinance platform. fusion community operation plan ... community everything: new era requires new approach project plan the fusion cryptofinance platform public chain, and the fusion foundation, sponsor the project, working toward promising ecosystem blockchain rather than for corporate profitability, traditional enterprise projects do. the fusion platform, which helps all token holders, does not belong any single organization individual and platform that belongs the entire blockchain token community. fusion makes the use tokens more flexible and easier access, and more importantly, gives tokens the ability provide cryptofinance services. all tokens will have greater values. fact, the cross-chain ecology the internet values big undertaking. the ecology needs initiated the fusion foundation, and needs joined and participated together the entire community and whose blockchain needs improved through constant iteration. this precisely what blockchain project characteristics are. blockchain projects start with important need problem solved, which also needs constantly explored participants and those need, encouraging continual improvements. the same time, will attract more people into the community, then demand turn will tune the projects toward more improved direction, and further promote its technologies progress. the echoes are create positive reinforcing cycle incentives, applications and usage. therefore, the ideas project operations must community-oriented from the very beginning, and the operations the community are related the success failure the blockchain project. the community consists of: the fusion foundation and development team. they are the sponsors and facilitators the project's platform. programmers who are interested the project. they are interested projects project technology, can join the foundation development team, independently develop and optimize fusion third party. fusion's participating nodes. they gain revenue recording ledgers and running smart contracts and the same time maintain fusion operations. fusion platform users. they use fusion platform for cryptofinancial services. cryptofinancial service providers the fusion platform, such payment institutes, centralized un-centralized exchanges, lending institutes and other financial service providers. fusion token holders, including private equity firms, early holders, late-stage holders and potential holders. other related parties, including the media, government and on. all the above persons organizations play important role the future devel fusion project plan opment fusion. the purpose community operations mobilize much force possible and organize them the most effective manner allow fusion iterate, enhance, influence, and serve larger community. the growth the community actually related both the core community and the peripheral community. the two are complementary with the core community being the key community. however, the formation the key community needs the continued participation the peripheral community because the core community will come from and borrow from the peripheral community and the peripheral community also needs the resources from the core community support them. found that the growth bitcoin, ethereum and other projects have followed the same law. are targeting the core community early starters, blockchain technology communities, and blockchain value communities, while peripheral resources are other holders, users, developers, media and who are interested the project. ... project promotion method the project divides community operations into two areas: the core community and the peripheral community. the former mainly uses the offline mode while the latter mainly adopts the online mode. the plan for core community operations is: fusion foundation team: will reward the team with some tokens. one reason make for the resources useed the prior period and the other reason make possible become stakeholder and expect them continue contributing fusion the future. blockchain technology community: technology the key for the blockchain development and also the most difficult part. will use the founding team's technical strength and social resources leverage online and offline channels find and cultivate group top tier talents promote the technology community. blockchain value community: relying the blockchain technology commu- nity, can arrange meetups with holders both popularize blockchain knowl- edge and promote cooperation opportunity with the private value community. ... blockchain technology promotion movement the internet values currently has the bottleneck usability and requires ongoing efforts the future continually improve it. the fusion project closely linked the usability the internet values. will launch the "blockchain technology promotion movement" aim contribute the usability blockchain technology. this will long-term effort for the fusion foundation. this movement will continue gather talents and technical information the form technical salons, training camps and seminars. will promote participants provide fusion project plan content and publish them various websites and media. will use regular training classes attract traditional internet workers and other technical staff expand the technical community blockchain. the blockchain technology promotion movement will unite with all forces, including universities, research institutes, enterprises, institutions, governments, alliances and form cooperative relationship and pool resources jointly promote the progress blockchain technology. ... blockchain interface standardization movement the internet values has bottlenecks interoperability and scalability and requires multiple parties improve them. the fusion project closely related the breakthrough development and progress these two bottlenecks. will contribute improve them launching the "blockchain interface standardization movement". this will long-term effort for the fusion foundation. particular, the movement will not only promote the standardization interfaces between blockchains but also between decentralized organizations and centralized ones and between blockchains and external datasources. fusion blueprint ... tasks and milestones the fusion project, which started has completed proof-of-concept. the following tasks and milestones are follows (see for timeline view). ... token design and distribution tokens are integral part the public chain ecosystem. like lubricant for mechanical devices, blood for life systems, and the incentive mechanism for the economic system public chain. the token-based consensus mechanism that brings community members together achieve virtuous circle blockchain ecosystems. for project creators, tokens are the necessary rewards for them and the motivation for continued participation the future; for users, tokens are passports; for holders, tokens are tickets the future; for developers, tokens let them become supporters; for the bookkeeping nodes, tokens are their hard-earned compensation. all those who hold tokens can have the above multiple identities. they are closely related the public chain projects and become users, promoters, developers, holders and grow with the project ecology, creating great career the inclusive cryptofinance platform and its applications. project plan fusion figure task and time node fusion project plan order realize the vision the inclusive cryptofinance platform, the fusion project has designed the token, fusion (fsn), and designed the fusion distribution structure make the project sustainable. the token's design mainly consists the following five aspects: number. the total number tokens million. the number the power this quantity will enable the token come online reasonable price and grow steadily that basis. token supply mechanism. there should ceiling the supply tokens realize the concept non-inflation. this makes the early participants benefit and the system more robust the future. token distribution. the distribution tokens must well balanced achieve the decentralized concept. considering the fusion team's continued dedication and efforts promote fusion's inclusiveness cross-chain, cross-organization and cross-datasource initialtives, assign their ratio addition, because fusion's bookkeeping nodes have heavier tasks than common public chains, they will provided about one-third the total amount. the rest will all used for ecological construction. ecological construction. more than half the amount will used the foundation foster project growth, especially expand its characteristics cross-chain, cross-organization and cross-data. the project will also need mechanism token swaps allow more value expressed the chain and help develop new smart contract applications. miners and fuels. variety values will enter fusion way distributed node control. the chain need large number distributed nodes control tokens. the more nodes there are the more secure the chain will and the greater the value running the chain, the more nodes that are needed. maintain the number nodes and power calculation, the chain needs reward miners issuing tokens and service fees. the distribution tokens follows (see pie chart project plan fusion figure token distribution references fusion references accenture, blockchain-enabled distributed ledgers: are investment banks ready? https://www.accenture.com/ttz /cn-en/_acnmedia/pdf/accenture-blockchain-enabled-distributed-ledgers.pdfla=en#zoom=. chen, j., micali, s., algorand https://arxiv.org/pdf/..pdf. coase, h., the nature firm. economica (), gennaro, r., jarecki, s., krawczyk, h., rabin, t., secure distributed key generation for discrete-log based cryptosystem, vol. (). berlin, germany: springerverlag. nakamoto, s., bitcoin: peer-to-peer https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/white-paper. electronic cash system shamir, a., how share secret. communications the acm (), tapscott, d., tapscott, a., realizing the potential blockchain. world economy forum http://www.weforum.org/docs/wef_realizing_potential_blockchain.pdf. wang, x., he, m., research distributed key generation protocols and application elliptic curve cryptography. computer engineering (). zha, j., shu, j., yan, x., yan, s., adaptive distributed key generation scheme. computer engineering (),