futurecoin bringing cryptocurrency education the masses futurecoin team, nakul shah whitepaper futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency important notice futurecoins tokens are not securities, collective investment schemes units business trusts. regulatory authority has reviewed any information this white paper. further, futurecoin tokens not promise any guaranteed perceived return its holders either automatically through the work any other party. futurecoin tokens are used enable purchase services within the futurecoin platform. full partial ownership the futurecoin platform can claimed mere ownership futurecoin tokens; regardless the amount quantity the purchase. disclosure representation and warranties futurecoin does not make purport make any representation warranty undertaking this white paper connection the futurecoin initial token sales, any person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relating the truth, completeness and accuracy the information this white paper. you represent and warranty that: you agree that futurecoin tokens are not securities, collective investment schemes business trusts you agree furnish personal information and documents which may requested futurecoin for the purposes conducting kyc i.e customer due diligence, and that any information furnished yourself true and accurate, and that you have not withheld any material information; futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency you, your associates, your businesses enterprises (in which you are beneficial owner) family members are not any sanctions terrorist list issued the united nations any other jurisdiction and have not committed any previous criminal offences, and that you have not used any proceeds crimes tax offences (whether belonging you otherwise, and whether directly otherwise) purchase futurecoin tokens. you understand futurecoin not providing you with any investment financial advice, that you are acting your own and have sought your independent financial advice where appropriate; you fully understand all the risks associated with the purchase the futurecoin token and voluntarily take all these risks, including the possibility losing part all the funds spent the acquisition futurecoin. token neither asset, nor security. utility token that shall used the company's futurecoin ecosystem access it, utilize its functions, and pay transaction other fees associated with the use the futurecoin platform. tokens not have any rights, uses, purpose, attributes, functionalities, features, expressed implied, outside the futurecoin ecosystem. purchase, ownership, receipt, possession tokens carries rights, express implied, other than the right use such tokens means participate, interact, transact the company's platform. particular, buyer understands and accepts that tokens not represent confer any ownership right stake, share, security, equivalent rights. they also not confer any right receive future revenue shares, dividends, other payments, intellectual property rights, any other form participation relating the company and its corporate affiliates, other than any rights relating the provision and receipt services from company, subject limitations and conditions this agreement. the holders tokens are only entitled use futurecoin services described the company's white paper .although tokens may sold, they are not intended digital currency, security, commodity, swap currency, security, commodity, any kind financial instrument. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency abstract with the ever-growing demand the world cryptocurrencies, and blockchain technology, markets are becoming more active and are opening newer possibilities affiliated with web similarly, increased vibrations awareness have created ripple the ecosystem which has transformed into wave cryptocurrencies, trading exchanges, wallets, smart contracts and much more. unlike traditional markets, users get liquidity, accessibility, no-to-minimal regulatory control and exponential augmentation potential blockchain technology. these distinct features lure users, both amateur and leaders, towards cryptocurrencies and crypto-markets. the figures till january corroborate the exodus investment which has been done across the globe. crypto-market capital the said date stands $billion which the everhighest the history cryptocurrency. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency value creation the market capitalization without the popular "bitcoin" $billion, making for almost the global cryptocurrencies the world. thus, highlights the entry, existence other altcoins and the acceptance blockchain technology, irrespective any speculations. these immense valuations the blockchain space emerge from the protocol layer, opposed application layer, which created billion dollar giants like facebook and airbnb futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency market capitalization excluding bitcoin the graphs below provide clear indication the growth cryptocurrency market the past months. people across the globe look cryptocurrency lucrative opportunity. novice users have started exposing themselves cryptocurrency exchanges and market places. total market capitalization futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency however, the understanding about this space and knowledge its intricacies major gap this industry. the biggest dare the knowledge loop for the users, the time and energy required gather quality information, availability trading platforms under one single roof, presence investing and marketing tools for trading, rating, listing and other such functionalities like forex and copy trading. barriers futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency technology involved blockchain lost indepth knowledge people are not tech savvy inadequate time for research expert guidance barriers security concerns inadequate platforms inadequate incomplete market information authenticity exchange information unrealistic projects cryptocurrency report futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency therefore, large number potential users, users are still benefit from this community. even for the beginners veteran crypto enthusiasts, the availability single platform which can provide them the latest real-time information cryptocurrency exchanges, icos, ratings, and open availability professional crypto-traders who are ready render their services like- copy trading are either limited absent. novice users hence feel left alone and not take much risk, being stuck the back seat when comes active participation, trade and contribute icos. though cryptocurrency users are bullish about which evident from recent report blockchain platform- "waves", which states that users are likely increase their exposure cryptocurrencies, the fact still remains that around people across the globe are not familiar with cryptocurrencies. the information altcoins and cryptocurrency markets are kept limited tocryptocurrency exchanges, ico rating and listing websites, social media platforms like facebook, and google. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency futurecoin platform futurecoin here fill this gap providing comprehensive blockchain platform with world-class features offering real-time knowledge all types cryptocurrencies, exchanges, wallets, ico ratings. futurecoin ensures environment which decentralized, safe, transparent, reliable and progressive. futurecoin, will platform for forex cryptocurrency knowledge, trading, ico's etc. will also offer copy-trade service, icos ratings, host conferences, and provide escrow services ensure post-ico governance for appropriate use funds. will also ico marketing platform, your ico marketing team will get the facility marketing the ico from futurecoin dias. novice investor trader will benefit, following copying the best-in-industry trading strategies from professional traders. all this implies that from novice experts you need not visit any other site, platform expert. futurecoin envisions itself singular marketplace providing all tools and functionalities required participate the world cryptocurrencies. execut ive summary executive summary futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency introduction ---------------------------------------------------------------- the problem -------------------------------------------------------- the solution ---------------------------------------------------------- futurecoin ico ------------------------------------------------------------- crowdsale details --------------------------------------------------- the roadmap ---------------------------------------------------------- token distribution ------------------------------------------------------- futurecoin ecosystem -------------------------------------------- risk factor disclaimer ---------------------------------------------- futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency introduction introduction inventions and innovations have always had their impact the world and shifted the ways the systems the world works. the printing press metamorphosed into the internet today terms information distribution without any third party. similarly, blockchain technology affecting the: way average man views money. way business conducted. cryptocurrency are said more secure than conventional financial instruments, eliminating the chances identity theft and other issues that currently plague fiat based electronic payment infrastructure. this fintech revolution such that takes the power from the governments banks and gives individual users the control over the object currency. the decentralization this technology thoughtful removes the role and additional cost imposed banks and financial intermediaries terms funds transfer and processing. also, businesses are utilizing this amazing innovation reduces the cost and stress that organization would focus maximizing profit and delivery quality products customers since the power lies the hands its users. cryptocurrency particularly bitcoin adoption skyrocketed soon businesses started accepting form payment. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency problem however, despite the innovations the space, blockchain technology and cryptocurrency still have not achieved widespread adoption their eight-year lifespan large, legitimate, legacy corporations that control global commerce because they want protect their monopolies. this paper highlights the problems solve and the value create, well our approach. overview the problem the cryptocurrency industry does not have platform that provides users with education cryptocurrency trading and provide them with opportunities that they can capitalize on. also very volatile industry and people are unable ascertain the robustness and the potential that specific altcoin coin may have. result, many users lose money speculating failing coins they stick expensive alternatives. also, currently the process buying cryptocurrencies tremendous multi-step hassle. begins with trying figure out how buy bitcoin from various platforms (e.g. cryptocurrency exchange, bitcoin atm machines, website, post etc), sending wallet exchange (e.g. hitbtc, bittrex, poloniex) and then figuring out how buy other cryptocurrencies the exchange investing ico. these multiple steps can seem complex, intimidating, and incomprehensible some cases. even for experienced users with technical knowledge, the process converting fiat into digital currencies and vice versa generally slow, limited, frustrating, and occasionally risky. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency solution due these inconveniences, believe that curious and qualified users are still turning their backs the crypto-markets and are consequently missing opportunities they would have otherwise seized. the futurecoin solution futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency description the platform futurecoin has engineered new global platform that utilizes blockchain technology to: enable blockchain cryptocurrency education learn trade over instruments ranging from forex, commodities, indices, equities and cryptocurrencies. enable users purchase ico with high token rating discounted prices. offer rating services various ico community voting platform. decentralized affiliate platform for ico raise funds easily and affiliates directly communicate with ico. forecast engine copytrade service. crypto exchange mining ico launch services, smart contract development services. coin summit, token rating futurecoin members-only platform with unique gpp (group purchasing power) that allows its members purchase the best ico's with high token ratings, and coin summits organised the company and the market discounted prices. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency education education futurecoin bringing cryptocurrencies the masses launching blockchain-based universe for trading, investing and education digital currencies. you remember ever being taught how invest the markets? there financial markets knowledge gap that exists today and futurecoin fills that void providing education and simplifying forex cryptocurrency. education will provided association with powerup training dubai uae based company champion trader course the best forex cryptocurrency education since even though cryptocurrency market has shown exponential growth, the fact not many know about it. this evident from survey done "ditto", firm specializing cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology. the same was conducted nov' using google survey with approximately people. the age the participants was above years and reveal astounding facts. the respondents were not familiar with cryptocurrencies. them were not aware what initial coin offering (ico) means. thought cryptocurrencies are alternate existing currencies. thought they are fad. even had the view that cryptocurrencies are payment for illegal goods services. about them had heard about "bitcoin" but were not aware others. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency challenge industry faces the top reasons which stopped them from adopting cryptocurrencies were: they thought it's waste time. they were afraid losing their money. the technology was difficult understand. one the major reasons for the challenge industry faces the lack knowledge and non-availability tools which can ensure access correct and valid information. hindrance for exploiting the potential cryptocurrencies which can tapped across various sectors. the barriers knowledge accumulation societies across the globe, which are also the reasons for the resistance faced the adoption the distributed ledger (dl) technology the blockchain technology, are: inadequate knowledge misconception and understanding the terminologies, coupled with myths that it's immature technology that not meant for mass adoption. lack awareness the initial cost for implementation and that early adoption are risky, disrupts the potential business prospects. unobtainable false data the improvements and developments happening (or which happened past), actually pulls back the economic impact the technology. inaccessible evidence business gains and the economic impact which the technology has made makes mysterious. low levels knowledge leave gap understanding how cryptocurrencies are governed. lack updated news the changes happening across the globe regulatory framework also impacts the market. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency need the hour the need the hour strategically plan and develop tools and medium that can educate people, community and organisations across the globe .the need for building mediums apart from the existing online courses, educational events, conferences and meets are crucial moving ahead the industry. there requirement for collaboration and strategic partnership between, organisations, blockchain experts, universities, academies and institutes educate people the subject. the importance such association can understood the fact that this will not only enhance the awareness the subject but will also provide business, employment and opportunities millions people and professionals. believed that there are only blockchain developers across the globe who are actively working build the ecosystem. many professional firms like- deloitte, pwc, and kpmg feel that there vacuum required expertise the cryptocurrency market and getting one very difficult. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency exchange trading platform cryptocurrency exchange wallet mining futurecoin will provide assistance the development and deployment bitcoin and other cryptocurrency wallets exchanges mining pool and mining farms globally copy trade futurecoin brings you copy trade signals. this service allows you follow and copy trades successful traders forex and cryptocurrency. you can choose decide how much you want copy and when you want stop copying. that also means you don't have continually watch prices see when trade, just open account with futurecoin and become part successful strategies. ico launch services raising capital through ipo (initial public offering) expensive, timeconsuming process. for that reason innovative ideas might never reach market. futurecoin platform will provide all the required tools and services for running successful ico futurecoin forecast engine futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency futurecoin forecast platform helps with delivering high accuracy forex crypto-forecasts. futurecoin forecast platform monetization concept forex cryptocurrency forecast engine provides additional/significant benefits the futurecoin token holders futurecoin affiliate platform futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency decentralized affiliate platform futurecoin decentralized affiliate platform the future marketing allows ico's easily raise funds and affiliates interact directly based blockchain technology and smart contracts. world's affliate marketing platform for all ico's futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency market analysis market analysis the current scenario, there are over cryptocurrencies across the globe, which are divided into two classes- bitcoin and non-bitcoin with approximately market sizes respectively. similarly, there are more than one hundred cryptocurrency exchanges, and the combined market cap around billion usd and growing. the trading markets are more than number and are spread across the world. average around customers add these exchanges daily basis, across the globe. the trading markets cryptocurrencies never sleep, and the opportunities explored are huge. there are limitations any geography and the ecosystem decentralized. there are platforms which are constantly showcasing the ratings various icos and the availabilities the respective tokens. but the basic challenge comes when fresh cryptocurrency user wishes enter this ecosystem. the entry barriers are knowledge the system, technological know-how, non-availability historic data the trading and on. single point availability knowledge, tools, access system which can facilitate trading lacking. one needs check explore various available options exchanges decide and chances are, the time done, further changes happen. futurecoin nullifies all these issues and offers one-stop shop platform where cryptocurrency users receive complete dashboard the exchanges, icos and other information which enables them safely and efficiently conduct trading within the cryptocurrency space. also provide advanced technical and analytical tools required experienced traders make better decisions. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency problem: discovering relevant quality information- the data availability, today's scenario, scattered and unreliable that one cannot use with complete confidence. secondly, the content quality and relevance are always questionable, can illogical and misunderstood. one cannot completely rely such platform information. ii) real-time access market impacting news- the rates and trading indexes keep changing. additionally, there are limited sources which can show the real-time changes single platform. the user needs search different websites interfaces gather data, which can turn out non-real-time. there are chances that the user might lose block large amounts delayed and wrong data. certain impacting news can also impact the volatile prices altcoins and hence great importance constantly receive real-time access market. iii) detecting abnormal market conditions- the sea cryptocurrencies have made literarily impossible keep eye their movements, and this can result missing crucial abnormal movements. when unnoticed, these undetected market conditions can devastating also. one has depend their own research mis collect sudden changes due rumour news and act accordingly. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency iv) inability obtain best price execution- for users getting the best price sharing the best practice expert not possible current picture. various exchanges can offer different rates and hence volatile market becomes huge challenge for all find the lowest price trade. difficult-to-navigate data- various techniques are been used cryptocurrency users get edge today's scenario. they use crowd sourced analyst research, algorithms, and trading signals so. they also employ information received from different social networking sites, blogs, and articles cryptocurrency markets. this creates huge universe data scrutinize their choice making tedious and even unsafe. they actually have collate the gathered information and make their own strategy, which can risky keeping mind the volatile nature the process. vi) unanswered questions- usually, there are unanswered questions and also sometimes unauthentic answers which make new cryptocurrency user even experts unable enjoy the whole process cryptocurrency trading. few questions can be. what does the coin and what theory based on? what problem the coin can resolve? what the reason behind the huge success the coin? the historic data available which can show the trail the large price rise the coin? what the background, track record the team? futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency can get the quantity coins sold during ico and what price? which platform provides education, cryptocurrency trading, ico listing, ico rating, and copy-trading single platform? what are various options for novice user? any escrow account exists which can facilitate ico participation? how various agencies evaluate the authenticity icos, both running and new? futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency b.solution: crowd sourced and curated real-time news database- futurecoin offers dais where monitoring, analysing real-time data news automatic and you receive instant news, updates from reliable sources. unlike existing tools, the delivery frequency market news futurecoin real-time. the news comes the platform from authentic curators who are greatly incentivized for surfacing high value piece information. the same doubly confirmed the in-house team and community curators futurecoin for the accuracy, relevance and rewarded accordingly. ii) historical news and impact price movements- whether it's amateur expert; cryptocurrency ecosystem, crucial correlate historic data, price movements, impact news, and sudden elevation trading volumes. the evaluation can wrong with single inaccurate data absence minute information costing large amounts. futurecoin caters all such data for accurate decision making which equally relevant for beginner and specialist. iii) expert required- without the need expert you can master the art trading with futurecoin. iv) save time and money- with futurecoin you not only receive information, but also save crucial time, energy and money. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency roster enabled exchange for ico listings and ratingsfuturecoin platform will provide for its user's buy "only" good governance icos. the same will doubly secured escrow accounts the platform. the ico ratings will based the data shared the project teams, which will authenticated team which will associated with validating and delivering such operations. vi) ico marketing platform- futurecoin unique will only showcase the most reliable, highly governed and safest icos only. the moment ico listed futurecoin, this feature itself will usp not only the futurecoin community but all other platforms. futurecoin its development and growth phase will keep ico rating and ico listing marketing focal point. vii) strategy selling and buying platform- novice traders, who are not crypto-savvy, wish save their time and energy can opt rent listed strategies expert traders futurecoin platform. the experts can earn strategy fees listing their successful strategies. strategy selling and buying open all. viii) wide spectrum crypto platform: futurecoin platform will showcase the most sort after, top rated, and the widest number cryptos and use them evaluate the best price, real-time data, that the users benefit the maximum. futurecoin not limited futurecoin tokens, wallets, and exchange but has distinct features multifaceted platform. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency futurecoin platform: fundamental principles- futurecoin works multipurpose platform for users secure, scam proof ecosystem with sole focal point safe and highly efficient trading. the various principles behind the platform are: education for better decision making: gathering latest news, rather real-time impactful updates cryptocurrency market enable users monitor, analyse them, along with charts and graphs, and utilize them make effective and productive decisions. the information will include storing highlighting historical news and events well, which made substantial impact the movements. the data will vetted classified team, and custodian from within the community. both, the custodian and the news provider will rewarded for their contributions the form tokens. the news update will validated based the accuracy, precision, and pertinence the news. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency control over various ico: any financial commercial transaction across the globe there are intermediaries minimize the risks, avoid fraudulence and negligence. while blockchain technology skips them virtue being decentralized, distributed data base, they still cannot control certain flaws certain aspects. one such aspect controlling icos supporters. today there are hundreds icos which are either launched, are pre-sale post-sale phases exist the form new business ideas raise funds. once the crowdfunding gets over the funds are full control the project team. the supporters cannot influence them have control them which becomes the causes unscrupulous fundraisers, who finally disappear. there are chances that the ico company might overestimate their projects and underestimate the fund raisings. this might result into insufficient funds and closure the projects. any both cases the hard-earned money the supporters and users lost. futurecoin provides platform answer this problem the form "escrow accounts" for ico listings. this second layer doubly assure user the various listed and rated icos the exchange. the first layer being the "ico governance", described next. the underlying principle futurecoin platform have safe collection, storage and judicially distribute the funds the supporters and avoid any unforeseen losses, attenuate any futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency ico ratings and listings risk unforeseen circumstances empowering the supporters the ico terms controls the project developments. ico ratings and listings like traditional and medieval practice vc, the world cryptocurrency follows the crowdfunding through icos. has become revolutionary short period time. the very fact that more than icos have raised $billion and the conventional equity funding the ico funding, shows exponential growth icos. the global figures for equity funding was $millions. the figures for ico funding for the same period was $million. the figures were $million and $million for equity funding and ico funding respectively. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency escrow account there are hundreds ico rating websites platforms which share the updated list all active and upcoming icos, give their own evaluating parameters and try serve well-informed and rational decision-making content users, which otherwise they will collate from various sources like company websites, discussion forums, from social media platforms. the limitations these websites are the real-time information. futurecoin offers platform where not only icos are rated real-time information (one the criterions for rating), the various stages their project are also tracked, like pre-sale, post-sale etc. futurecoin can also used "escrow account" for various icos, which can operated enforce good governance practices ensuring honest use funds. thus, futurecoin will help you contribute the right ico the right juncture escrow account the escrow functionality the platform allows icos list themselves and utilize the escrow services ensure that the company matches all milestones promised the white paper. will serve self-regulating protocol, ensuring appropriate use funds. once ico lists itself, gets upgraded platform elite. transferring the required funds and fees activates the smart contract let him participate the crowdfunding. the smart contract keeps the fees and transfers the crowdfunding funds "escrow account". the fund automatically segregated per the instruction received the ico and approved the user, while activating the smart contract. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency the pool segregated into three funds- fund initial, fund development and fund growth which receive some percentage the fund directed the white paper and information collected during due diligence. the fund initial used first once the smart contract activated. the ico receives and completes the set work defined within timeframe. the same reported them completion which shared with the user through emails and via futurecoin platform. the smart contract, upon receiving the completion report from the ico team, initiates activate fund development with "consent form" from the user way "approval". the user approves "yes" the funds the fund development are released the ico team. the same process followed for fund growth and funded closed per the work done the core team the ico project. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency smart contract ico listing rating via smart contract the ico team, order get listed the platform, needs disclose the following points and activate the smart contract. eventually, this list will enhance keep receiving feedback from our community members: mission, vision, aim, strategies- the ico must clarify the objective, problem statement and solution and various reasons for crowdfunding necessity. they must disclose all organizations with their separate objective, involved. they must also share measurable information that the validation good governance can done. organizational architecture and core team details- the details the work and experience each member the core team must shared. amendment clause and conditions-they must share the terms and conditions for any all kinds amendments near future. this critical for good governance and will incorporated the smart contracts well. custody chain- the ico team must disclose the details, coded form, the organisation, individual bank (in case fiat currencies) who will hold the private keys the wallet which stores the proceeds the crowdfunding. marketing activities promote the ico- details the promotional activities the ico team will employ should shared detail, specifically any giveaways and their governing rules and regulations. jurisdiction: the details legal incorporation for the organization involved the crowdfunding. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency employee and founder token details- this must shared detail including the percentage and terms and conditions. organisation and market tokens- the complete details percentage tokens allocated the company and the community must shared including the terms and conditions. the ratio distribution the tokens can clarify the authenticity the ico- good bad governance. share advisory tokens- the professional details, experience and the amount percentage the tokens shared advisors shared rule out any potential conflicts interests. foundation tokens- details foundation tokens any shared with terms and conditions. this identify the correlation their core mission and objectives the crowdfunding. presale discounts- details any amount presale discounts shared that malpractice can evaluated. currency circulating details- the total count available currency and the disclosure the mining process shared. this that, the availability currency and mechanism new currency units enter the ecosystem and time taken for the same can presumed. disclose hard and soft cap- the minimum crowdsale for ico considered successful and the maximum amount the crowdsale can receive must disclosed. details agreement- disclose the details various agreements with cryptocurrency exchanges list the cryptocurrency with defined dates and time. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency token burning details- the details the left-over tokens with timeframe and mechanism burning must shared. smart contracts- case smart contracts, details the persons, organisation individual who audited the smart contracts. terms and conditions- the rules and regulations for token sale. announcement risks- need declare the risks involved the ico. safety process undertaken- must share the safety and security procedures taken the team safeguard the interest the users. track record existing business- must share their current business details with complete track record highlighting the positive trends and benefits. once the disclosure gets filed the smart contract activates listed and rated the ico dashboard. also allows them advertise themselves the community platform paying the fees. also lets users contribute ico transferring the required funds, using the escrow account, fees and support the crowdfunding. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency issues issues with ico ratings and listings- there are hundreds ico rating and listing sites. primarily they are used look whether ico promising and honest. they are presented users highlight their legitimacy and prevent scam. many exist just get traffic and earn from marketing them, irrespective their legality. almost all them are track, analyse, manage, plan, develop launch icos. they are facilitators users terms presenting data information various forms notions, enabling them make their decisions. none them, though, will highlight the followinga. team composition: there are documented proofs the core members, their crypto experience, projects delivered, any such impactful news them, which can significantly strengthen the icos future. the user has find out themselves from sources like google, linkedin, social media the team composition. interactive platform with the team: none them will present platform where user can interact directly get answers their questions. though, there are few sites which provide such facility, but they are not ico rating sites. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency evaluating standards: all such sites have their own set evaluating standards based which they rate various icos, but none them make compulsory for the ico share data themselves. that means, the set standards are the website and not the icos. any agency which lists ico does not make the listing team compulsory share their authentic data terms their use funds, distribution tokens, etc. therefore, these sites platforms might display both legitimate and fraud icos. users are high risk when they use such data from ico rating listing sites. futurecoin provides platform where the user can trade crypto well use authenticated data various icos. the technology used futurecoin makes compulsory for the ico share such authentic data order use services like escrow, listing and ratings. further, the technology the platform facilitates both novice and expert traders use the platform with complete reliability the escrow account can used rule out any fraudulent ico. the user gets the surety trust highly managed and governed icos and the crowdfunding made successful. only when the ico "rosters" themselves futurecoin, the escrow gets activated. the icos get themselves registered futurecoin platform and get benefited they will receive fast and large contribution, due the reliability, safety, and good governance factor. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency futurecoin potential futurecoin potential considering the economics existing ico products the market, futurecoin holds huge potential terms total funds, number contributors, participating traders. seen that the past products like copy-trading escrow services have given tremendous performance. futurecoin has the unique model being multi-product platform with distinct features. with each stage, the trust and confidence the project will move upwards. each stage associated with deadlines completion tasks, and simultaneous release fund from the escrow account for the next stage. every time the task completion will reported the ico team futurecoin and users, "voting" approval for release fund for next phase will initiated. the same will considered only when the users will "vote" "yes". hence, the completion task adherence the deadline will for sure build the reliability, firmness, delivery and conviction the project and the team. the same can understood under: futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency platform functionality trading platform and copy trading functionality opportunities futurecoin allows copy-trading which win-win for both novice and professional trader. novice new comer the cryptocurrency community need not learn the strategies techniques trade, can, just copy-trade giving fee futurecoin. professional trader, who very unlikely found the ecosystem, can get himself listed the platform. can let his successful trading strategies copied earning fee. this win-win situation for both, expert and novice user. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency ii) trader's problems-the absence technical knowledge blockchain ecosystem make expert traders hesitate establishing their own set-ups and result they are unable capture decent capital, rather limit themselves and narrow the potential success. this true for both expert trader and novice user. they need gather information from multiple cryptocurrency exchanges evaluate the best price, understand each the exchange terms their presentation and graphic representation come final conclusion. they are unable strategize sometimes the latency inappropriate. this also reduces the chances liquidity, arbitrage trading hft. futurecoin facilitates liquidity aggregation making all cryptocurrencies available its platform, the platform will gather best price from top exchanges and act suggest accordingly. that means, you not have research for different crypto assets different exchanges, you get all under single roof. other words, availability combined liquidity, less slippage, and possibilities executing larger trades made easy only futurecoin. you save time, cost, and better algorithmic strategies. futurecoin platform will allow trading multiple cryptocurrencies using quotes from different exchanges. this implies information cryptocurrencies real-time basis for quick and effective execution. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency iii) simplest form crypto-trading for novice users: futurecoin allows experts crypto-traders benefit, but the same time simplifies the marketplace for novice users. evident that novice traders cannot strategize themselves. therefore, the best possible way follow experts. futurecoin facilitates locate, evaluate and finalize from hundreds industry top traders and copy their strategies for trading, using futurecoin smart contracts and tokens. they get the flexibility choosing from different strategy providers copy-trade the same time. therefore, they are not stuck just one strategy. the strategy providers with increasing number followers increase their success. with improving track record, they even can multiply their fees, with complete security and build their professional status crypto-trader expert. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency iv) copy strategies- expert trader registers his strategy futurecoin platform elite, using smart contract. user opts for copy-trading via the subscription platform elite, activates smart contract, and transfers the required fees, and funds the platform. the fees are shared with the platform and the expert trader. the funds are kept with the platform for running the strategy. user can opt copy multiple strategy providers simultaneously for better performance and liquidity. how will benefit users- futurecoin will let participants use their time, energy and money effectively, most the work like collection real-time data with impact any event, analysis the form price-charts and representations from top crypto-exchange and on, will done the platform. they just have decide the function and sit back for the system work for it. will like thousands traders working for each participant. novice users need not learn the technicalities trading and can immediately start copy-trading. they can even buy tokens new icos securely and with complete knowledge the project. further, the escrow facilities futurecoin will give the command buying their hands, unlike any other ico listing platform. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency vi) how will benefit expert traders- expert traders will compensated for sharing their expertise and strategies with novice users. addition, they can also benefit from the sequential release funds ico, ensuring liquidity funds. they can act newsfeeder and share relevant and recent news event updates and get compensated for their effort they can diversify their portfolio only futurecoin platform. maximise their fees they can create numerous "prototypes" their strategies. how the platform works there will subscription stage which will categorized into twosubscription platform standard and elite subscription platform. while the former will require the user buy the token the later will require them use token upgrade into. the former will give access to- wide range trading instruments like forex, commodities, equities and the wallet facilities. they will get access exchange where feeds from top-rated crypto-exchanges will highlighted. news feed from real-time cryptocurrency market. get access ico rating services which will have exhaustive ratings from top rating services and platforms. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency the elite subscription once upgraded to, will allow the users receive all the above along with: custom news feeds highlighting the latest updates crypto market, alongside price data all the altcoins they are interested in. they get subscription daily email notifications and summaries their choice cryptocurrencies, trading signals, indepth research, analysis and sentiment analysis. they get access strategy buying selling; copy-trading services. ico escrow accounts. ico rating and listing services with the filter governance. step-by-step access- the linear process the various functions takes the support smart contracts. subscription platform standard/ elite: the user registers futurecoin disclosing his details and buys futurecoin tokens, which can stored "futurecoin wallets". the user can use these tokens different instruments like- news feed, crypto-trading, and crypto exchange subscription platform elite. based his interest any one, two, three all them, funds and fees are transferred and respective smart contracts are activated allow access that instrument. for example, user can just opt for custom news feed. user futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency can just show interest copy-trading. or, user can opt receive all the services. there are two sets smart contractsset and set set activates any one, two all the following instrumentsbasic news feeds, ico basic rating dashboard, crypto-exchange trading, based the request. set activates the subscription platform elite, which turn can activate one, two, all instruments- custom news feeds, ico ratings elite, ico listings elite, copy-trading, all based the request. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency news feeding custom feed services: news feeder publishes news update futurecoin platform standard. the platform initiates process after analysing the news recency, precision and pertinence intimate smart contracts. once done reporting, published the platform. the same recorded stored database for future analysis, historic data referred presented subscription platform elite when any user opts for it. while smart contract publishes the news, simultaneously accumulates the fee for the custodians, classified team and the news feeder pool. the pool distributes the fee the concerned per the contract. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency advantagesi) crypto edu hub: the futurecoin core team belongs top notch the industry and they realize the relevance real-time data, organised and relevant information. this has given birth the futurecoin infrastructure, which "universal hub" for all the activities decisive functions. the most critical aspects for short and long-term trading have been looked after while architecting the framework the project. the result the meticulous work has created futurecoin platform which just not the hub for education, news, trade ideas, market analysis about cryptocurrency market, but also platform for ico listing with good governance clause, ico crowdfunding via escrow services and copy-trading services. therefore, breaks all the entry barriers for any user all kinds traders. the education curve has been reduced simple steps success. ii) liquidity aggregation: bringing all cryptocurrencies futurecoin platform ensures best price quotes always; combined liquidity facilitates less slippage and increases the ability execute large trades. the option selecting strategy providers for copytrading simultaneously also means huge benefit and liquidity aggregations. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency iii) trading junction: futurecoin one-stop trading juncture terminal for all kinds trading. not just viewing, ico listing copytrading but forum for all. you have the opportunity selecting from get involved crypto-trading, ico listings, ico ratings, copytrading, forex, ico escrow services and many such under single umbrella. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency ico governance ico governance: the very question while addressing the safety concerns associated with the icos arises- why allow fraudulence happen? the rapid and exponential growth the blockchain technology being exploited the ico market and prematurely aiming decentralize the market. therefore, without resolving the basics the market, ico market striving include participation nonprofessional venture users innovative and logically sounding projects. the need the hour create system platform which can regulate self-regulate the process. futurecoin allows only "good-governance" icos surface the marketplace. the same ensured automated technology supported smart contracts which follows financial registration transparency, adhered the listing team. only when the required list information fetched and disclosed then the smart contract lists rates the ico the platform. the ico team has disclose and file pertinent information about the governance and use the funds the money obtained from the crowdfunding (proceeds associated with their token sale). they have adhere prescribed process get listed rated, which will turn get them registered public register highlighting their financial credentials and many such information for the cryptocurrency user refer to. when all this happens futurecoin blockchain platform the ico becomes immutable, time-stamped, and can identified centralized database. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency futurecoin ico technology protocol token blockchain ethereum bitcoin (eth) (btc) futurecoin omg neo red pulse token supply and specifications total million futurecoin tokens will issued the ethereum blockchain using smart contract. futurecoin will comply with the erc- standard and will freely transferable the ethereum platform. futurecoin tokens not indicate ownership company. the token integral part futurecoin's economy, and its value will reflect the degree penetration and activity within the platform. with the expansion futurecoin userbase, more new platform features will developed and released. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency buy futurecoin how buy futurecoin tokens allow users buy futurecoin tokens with fiat currencies (usd, eur) well cryptocurrencies (eth, btc). the futurecoin tokens will distributed immediately upon completion the token sale. order receive the futurecoin tokens and make them visible your wallet, require you specify your address from erc- compliant wallet. not enter your address from your exchange wallet. recommend the use/creation the below wallet myetherwallet (http://myetherwallet.com/) login with metamask for security and safety your tokens alternatively use ledger nano hardware wallet will require basic know-your- customer check (kyc) ensure amlchecks. for this will present you backend login page upload copy your passport, driver license futurecoin website. our back-office team will review your documents, approve it, contact you case any problems. order ensure smooth experience with the purchase our futurecoin, you should: futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency carefully read our whitepaper and token agreement learn about our offer, risk factors, the functionality and purpose our token get free tokens enroll our affiliate platform join our communication channels keep you informed future coin crowdsale futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency futurecoin tokens will issued during our crowdsale. here are the details the crowdsale: coin name futurecoin token ethereum (erc-) symbol decimal management million tokens presale ico- million tokens total million tokens soft cap usd hard cap million usd futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency smart contract(git): https://github.com/futurecoin/smart-contract/blob/master/futurecoin.sol contract address: https://etherscan.io/token/xbaabebdceeffbc futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency pre-sale start date: dec end date: may token sale start date: may end date: june token distribution the provided eth address inside the futurecoin token sale client area listing days post token sale any coins not sold the end the day ico period may burned will held futurecoin and their uses will follows: technology build marketing incentives future development crowdsale distribution the funds raised during the ico will towards funding future development the futurecoin platform and helping meet our roadmap goals. futurecoin ico futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency purchase (ico price): futurecoin(fc) token sold cents usd min token sale target: million tokens) max. supply limit tokens available for sale: million tokens) tokens created million tokens) min cap tokens: (one million tokens) average price pre ico: cents usd ticker symbol: minimum purchase per person pre-sale /main sale: maximum purchase per subscription: pre-sale: main sale: ico price cents usd accepted fiat currencies: eur, usd accepted cryptocurrencies: btc, eth accepted nationalities: every nationality, except: united states, people's republic china resident country where american embargoes and sanctions are force, namely iran, north korea, syria, sudan, cuba. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency roadmap the roadmap this roadmap details our plans for the first phase development and their respective timelines. will updating this roadmap going forward. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency kishore founder kishore (b.com, mba, cep (iit), adsm) ex-hedge fund manager and has over decade experience the stock, cfd, forex, adr's, commodities, index, futures, options cryptocurrency. received his master business administration technology from and institute for management association/collaboration with southern new hampshire university manchester, the usa earlier known new hampshire college, mastering alternative investments certificate from insead, has certificate computer network internet applications course(cep) from iit kharagpur and has advance diploma computer systems management from niit. certified investment representative, ets derivatives qualified trader. trained chicago board exchange and pacific stock exchange members derivatives instruments options futures trading, futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency and educated derivatives instruments from the university california berkeley (ext), usa. started his career with securities broking firm the otcei exchange private fund equity manager and subsequently headed several startups asia and (silicon valley). has conducted stock derivatives seminars for international brokers such refco based singapore and regional brokers such cimb based malaysia. has been featured singapore stock exchange magazine, indonesia (jawapos) middle east newspaper (khaleej times) and has also been featured bloomberg tv, bbc, malaysia business channel singapore channel news asia, news radio fm, asian banker journal, and global hedge fund websites such hedge fund center, hedgeweek, hedgefund research and hedge funds world. his entrepreneurial skills had won him the tii status (technopreneur investment incentive status) from edb singapore government. member tie world's leading venture capital association and one the most sought-after speakers for entrepreneurship, capital markets, derivatives, cryptocurrency, and alternative investment. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency strategic advisor companies planning their ico. also provides forex, derivatives cryptocurrency workshop senior corporate management teams, broking houses and derivative exchanges members and conducts financial markets digital currency seminars public audiences across asia middle east www.championtradersacademy.com. has trained over participants countries (hongkong, malaysia, singapore, indonesia, middle east, philippines, london etc) the area alternative investments; some his participants include professionals from abn amro bank, rhb securities, amex, deutsche bank, hsbc, citibank, doha bank, cimb securities, man financial, refco, dbsvickers, csfb, uob bank. under his proprietary trading company www.futurescapitalholdings.com has performance return (-) and return (-) attested certified auditors." futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency token distribution management million tokens presale ico- million tokens token sale proceeds allocation: talent recruitment business development legal and regulatory marketing r&d tech-development operation expense futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency futurecoin ecosystem futurecoin ecosystem futurecoin token represent utility token that provides combined access blockchain cryptocurrency education, ico launch services; token rating, coin summit, trading, exchange forecasting commission sharing and affiliate marketing platform. post ico futurecoin will tradable crypto exchange the number exchanges depends the milestones reached during this ico. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency risk factors risk factors please read these terms sale carefully. you waive your right demand the return any amounts you paid for the offering under any circumstances, including, without limitation, demand for specific performance. note that you agree class action waiver and you are giving your right any court any country defend your rights. you not agree these terms sale, not purchase tokens. you represent that you are lawfully able enter into contracts (e.g., you are not minor). you are entering into this agreement for entity, such the company you work for, you represent that you have the legal authority bind that entity. the purchase tokens involves high degree risk, including but not limited the risks described below. before acquiring futurecoin tokens, recommended that each participant carefully weighs all the information and risks detailed this white paper. please further note that the futurecoin project may subject other risks not foreseen. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency dependence computer infrastructure futurecoin`s dependence functioning software applications, computer hardware and the internet implies that futurecoin can offer assurances that system failure would not adversely affect the use your futurecoin tokens. despite futurecoin's implementation all reasonable network security measures, its processing center servers are vulnerable computer viruses, physical electronic break-ins other disruptions similar nature. computer viruses, break-ins other disruptions caused third parties may result interruption, delay suspension services, which would limit the use the tokens. smart contract limitations smart contract technology still its early stages development, and its application experimental nature. this may carry significant operational, technological, regulatory, reputation and financial risks. consequently, although the audit conducted independent third party increases the level security, reliability, and accuracy, this audit cannot serve any form warranty, including any expressed implied the warranty that the smart contract fit for purpose that contains flaws, vulnerabilities issues which could cause technical problems the complete loss tokens. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency risk associated with purchaser credentials any third party that gains access the purchaser's login credentials private keys may able dispose the purchaser's tokens. minimize this risk, the purchaser should guard against unauthorized access their electronic devices. regulatory risks crypto-tokens have been the subject scrutiny various regulatory authorities and may overseen the legal and regulatory authorities number jurisdictions globally. the functioning the futurecoin network and the tokens could impacted one more regulatory inquiries actions, including, but not limited to, restrictions the use possession digital tokens like the tokens, which could impede limit the development the futurecoin network. the company may receive notices, queries, warnings, requests rulings from one more authorities upon short notice, may even ordered suspend terminate any action connection with the token sale futurecoin whole without prior notice. furthermore, many aspects futurecoin also involve untested areas law and regulation and could subject new laws regulation, their legal and regulatory outcome all relevant jurisdictions not possible predict. the planning, development, marketing, promotion, execution otherwise the company the token sale may seriously affected, hindered, postponed terminated result. since regulatory futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency policies can change with without prior notice, any existing regulatory permissions for tolerance the company, the futurecoin network and the token sale any jurisdiction may withdrawn without warning. the tokens could deemed from time time virtual commodity, digital asset even money, securities currency various jurisdictions and therefore could prohibited from being sold, purchased, traded, distributed held certain jurisdictions pursuant local regulations. turn, futurecoin could deemed regulated restricted product. there guarantee that the company can maintain any particular legal regulatory status any particular jurisdiction any time. taxes futurecoin token holders may required pay taxes associated with the transactions contemplated herein. will sole responsibility futurecoin token holders comply with the tax laws the jurisdictions applicable them and pay all relevant taxes. force majeure futurecoin's performance may interrupted, suspended delayed due force majeure circumstances. for the purposes this white paper, force majeure shall mean extraordinary events and circumstances which could not prevented futurecoin and shall include acts nature, wars, armed conflicts, mass civil disorders, industrial actions, epidemics, lockouts, futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency slowdowns, prolonged shortage other failures energy supplies communication service acts municipal, state federal governmental agencies, other circumstances beyond futurecoin's control, which were not existence the time white paper release. such circumstances occur prior the issue futurecoin tokens and futurecoin unable issue futurecoin tokens there will refund money. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency value futurecoin token once purchased, the value futurecoin token may significantly fluctuate due various reasons. futurecoin does not guarantee any specific value the futurecoin token over any specific period time. futurecoin shall not held responsible for any change the value futurecoin token including the complete loss value the futurecoin. there guarantee that users can acquire sufficient futurecoin tokens for their usage within the futurecoin and external platforms and neither there guarantee futurecoin will able list cryptocurrency exchange and that users can cash out their futurecoin tokens via external platforms. furthermore, every futurecoin token holder naturally carries the risk volatile exchange rate fluctuations the futurecoin token towards both other crypto currencies and fiat money exchange rates. bitcoin and ethereum volatility the futurecoin token may significantly influenced digital currency market trends and futurecoin value may severely depreciated due non-futurecoin related events the digital currency markets. cryptocurrencies exchange rate volatility may impact the company's ability provide services the indicated prices. assumptions with respect the foregoing involve, among other judgments about the future economic, competitive and market conditions and business decisions, most which are beyond the control the futurecoin team and are therefore difficult impossible accurately predict. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency lack funds from token sale proceeds futurecoin may not reach the target sale amount and may not have sufficient funds execute its business plan. furthermore, futurecoin may not succeed creating the necessary momentum and acceptance for the futurecoin token which may result low liquidity and depletion futurecoins. the positions and plans outlined this white paper may altered the project progresses. delayed projects competition although the futurecoin team believes that its assumptions underlying its forward-looking statements are reasonable, any these may prove inaccurate. result, the futurecoin team can offer assurances that the forward-looking statements contained this white paper will prove accurate. light the significant uncertainties inherent the forward-looking statements contained herein, the inclusion such information may not interpreted warranty the part futurecoin any other entity that the objectives and plans the futurecoin project will successfully achieved. competition may introduce the same better solutions and cause futurecoin lose market share and eventually fail deliver its business goals. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency disclaimer important notice please read this section and the following sections entitled "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "representations and warranties you", "cautionary note forward looking statements", "market and industry information and consent other persons", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer securities registration" and "risks and uncertainties" carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s). the futurecoin tokens are not intended constitute securities financial instruments any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice sell, any solicitation any offer the seller the futurecoin tokens (the "token provider") purchase any futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency futurecoin tokens nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. the token provider will deploy all proceeds sale the futurecoin tokens fund the herein described cryptocurrency project, businesses and operations. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the sale and purchase the futurecoin tokens and cryptocurrency other form futurecoin accepted the basis this whitepaper. any agreement between the token provider and you purchaser, and relation any sale and purchase, futurecoin tokens (as referred this whitepaper) governed only separate document setting out the terms and conditions (the "t&cs") such agreement. the event any inconsistencies between the t&c and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. you are not eligible and not allowed participate the futurecoin initial token sale (as referred this whitepaper) well the token sale referral program, you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder the united states america, people's republic china socialist republic vietnam resident country where american embargoes and sanctions are force, namely iran, north korea, syria, sudan, cuba. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. there are risks and uncertainties associated with futurecoin and/or the token provider and their respective businesses and operations, the futurecoin tokens, the futurecoin initial token sale and the futurecoin wallet (each referred this whitepaper). this whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination this whitepaper prohibited restricted. part this whitepaper reproduced, distributed disseminated without including this section and the following sections entitled "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "representations and warranties you", "cautionary note forward-looking statements", "market and industry information and consent other persons", "terms used", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer securities registration" and "risks and uncertainties". disclaimer liability the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, futurecoin and/or the token provider shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you. representations and warranties futurecoin and/or the token provider does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. representations and warranties you accessing and/or accepting possession any information this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant futurecoin and/or the token provider follows: (a) you agree and acknowledge that the futurecoin tokens not constitute securities any form any jurisdiction. (b) you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any jurisdiction solicitation for investment securities and you are not bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other forms payment have accepted the basis this whitepaper. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency (c) you agree and acknowledge that regulatory authority has examined approved the information set out this whitepaper, action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. (d) you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion the futurecoin initial token sale, future trading the futurecoin tokens any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not construed, interpreted deemed you indication the merits the futurecoin and/or the token provider, the futurecoin tokens, the futurecoin initial token sale and the futurecoin wallet (each referred this whitepaper). (e) the distribution dissemination this whitepaper, any part thereof any copy thereof, acceptance the same you, not prohibited restricted the applicable laws, regulations rules your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions relation possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions your own expense and without liability futurecoin and/or the token provider. (f) you agree and acknowledge that the case where you wish purchase any futurecoin tokens, the futurecoin tokens are not construed, interpreted, classified treated as: futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency any kind currency other than cryptocurrency; debentures, stocks shares issued any person entity (whether rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks share; units collective investment scheme; iii.derivatives units business trust; iv. any other security class securities) (g) you have basic degree understanding the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology. (i) you are fully aware and understand that the case where you wish purchase any futurecoin tokens, there are risks associated with futurecoin and the token provider and their respective business and operations, the futurecoin tokens, the futurecoin initial token sale and the futurecoin wallet (each referred the whitepaper). (j) you agree and acknowledge that neither futurecoin nor the token provider liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you; and rights under contract for differences under any other futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency contract the purpose pretended purpose which secure profit avoid loss. (k) all the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and non-misleading from the time your access and/or acceptance possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be). cautionary note forward-looking statements all statements contained this whitepaper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made futurecoin and/or the token provider their respective directors, executive officers employees acting behalf futurecoin the token. all statements regarding futurecoin's and/or the token provider's financial position, business strategies, plans, and prospects and the future prospects the industry which futurecoin and/or the token provider are forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements, including but not limited statements futurecoin's and/or the token provider's revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed this whitepaper regarding futurecoin and/or the token provider are matters that are not historical facts, but only predictions. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements futurecoin and/or the token provider materially different from any future results, performance achievements expected, expressed implied such forward-looking statements these factors include, amongst others: (a) changes political, social, economic and stock cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment the countries which futurecoin and/or the token provider conducts its respective businesses and operations. (b) the risk that futurecoin and/or the token provider may unable execute implement their respective business strategies and future plans. (c) changes interest rates and exchange rates fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies. (d) changes the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth futurecoin and/or the token provider. (e) changes the availability and fees futurecoin and/or the token provider connection with their respective businesses and operations. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency (f) changes the availability and salaries employees who are required futurecoin and/or the token provider operate their respective businesses and operations. (g) changes preferences customers futurecoin and/or the token provider. (h) changes competitive conditions under which futurecoin and/or the token provider operates, and the ability futurecoin and/or the token provider compete under such conditions. (i) changes the future capital needs futurecoin and/or the token provider and the availability financing and capital fund such needs. (j) war acts international domestic terrorism. (k) occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations futurecoin and/or the token provider. (l) other factors beyond the control futurecoin and/or the token provider; and (m) any risk and uncertainties associated with futurecoin and/or the token provider and their businesses and operations, the futurecoin tokens, the futurecoin initial token sale and the futurecoin wallet (each referred the whitepaper). futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency scla all forward-looking statements made attributable futurecoin and/or the token provider persons acting behalf futurecoin and/or the token provider persons acting behalf futurecoin and/or the token provider are expressly qualified their entirety such factors. given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements futurecoin and/or the token provider materially different from that expected, expressed implied the forward-looking statements this whitepaper, undue reliance must not placed these statements. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the date this whitepaper. neither futurecoin, the token provider nor any other person represents, warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance achievements futurecoin and/or the token provider will discussed those forward-looking statements. the actual results, performance achievements futurecoin and/or the token provider may differ materially from those anticipated these forward-looking statements. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance policies futurecoin and/or the token provider. further, futurecoin and/or the token provider disclaim any responsibility update any these forward-looking statements publicly announce any revisions these forward-looking statements reflect future developments, events circumstances, even new information becomes available other events occur the future. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency market and industry information and consent other persons this whitepaper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been obtained from internal surveys, reports, and studies, where appropriate, well market research, publicly available information and industry publications. such surveys, reports, studies, market research, publicly available information and publications generally state that the information that they contain has been obtained from sources believed reliable, but there can assurance the accuracy completeness such included information. save for futurecoin, the token provider and their respective directors, executive officers and employees, person has provided his her consent the inclusion his her name and/or other information attributed perceived attributed such person connection therewith this whitepaper and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information such person and such persons shall not obliged provide any updates the same. while futurecoin and/or the token provider have taken reasonable actions ensure that the information extracted accurately and its proper context, futurecoin and/or the token provider have not conducted independent review the information extracted from third party sources, futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency verified the accuracy completeness such information ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. consequently, neither futurecoin, the token provider, nor their respective directors, executive officers and employees acting their behalf makes any representation warranty the accuracy completeness such information and shall not obliged provide any updates the same. terms used facilitate better understanding the futurecoin tokens being offered for purchase the token provider, and the businesses and operations futurecoin and/or the token provider, certain technical terms, and abbreviations, well as, certain instances, their descriptions, have been used this whitepaper. these descriptions and assigned meanings should not treated being definitive their meanings and may not correspond standard industry meanings usage. words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa. references persons shall include corporations. advice information this whitepaper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding futurecoin, the token provider, the futurecoin tokens, the futurecoin initial token sale and the futurecoin wallet (each referred the whitepaper). you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional advisers regarding futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency futurecoin and/or the token provider and their respective businesses and operations, the futurecoin tokens, the futurecoin initial token sale and the futurecoin wallet (each referred the whitepaper). you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any purchase futurecoin tokens for indefinite period time. further information update person has been authorized give any information representation not contained this whitepaper connection with futurecoin and/or the token provider and their respective businesses and operations, the futurecoin tokens, the futurecoin initial token sale and the futurecoin wallet (each referred the whitepaper) and, given, such information representation must not relied upon having been authorized behalf futurecoin and/or the token provider. the futurecoin initial token sale (as referred the whitepaper) shall not, under any circumstances, constitute continuing representation create any suggestion implication that there has been change, development reasonably likely involve material change the affairs, conditions and prospects futurecoin and/or the token provider any statement fact information contained this whitepaper since the date hereof. offer securities registration any agreement relation any sale and purchase futurecoin tokens (as referred this whitepaper) governed only the t&cs such agreement and other document. the event any inconsistencies between the t&cs and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency risks and uncertainties prospective purchasers futurecoin tokens (as referred this whitepaper) should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with futurecoin, the token provider and their respective businesses and operations, the futurecoin tokens, the futurecoin initial token sale and the futurecoin wallet (each referred the whitepaper), all information set out this whitepaper and the t&cs prior any purchase futurecoin tokens. any such risks and uncertainties develop into actual events, the business, financial condition, results operations and prospects futurecoin and/or the provider could materially and adversely affected. such cases, you may lose all part the value the futurecoin tokens. additional disclaimer please keep mind that this document provided for your information only and that under circumstance should considered effort futurecoin either promote sell stocks securities its platform any other related associated company's platform. please note, this treated draft and subject change once the futurecoin ico begins. futurecoin tokens are not securities futurecoinrs comprehend and fully accept the fact that futurecoin token are not securities under any circumstance, neither are they registered with any futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency government entity security. futurecoin token holders comprehend and fully accept the fact that ownership futurecoin token does not grant them the right expect receive proceeds, revenue, other payments returns arising from the attainment, holding, administration disposal of, the exercise of, the redemption of, the expiry of, any right, interest, title benefit within the futurecoin platform any profits the company other futurecoin property, partially entirely. futurecoin tokens are not considered investment although the futurecoin team will its best proceed with the project described within this whitepaper and complete the best its ability, unforeseen circumstances might not allow the completion the project whole partially. futurecoin tokens can never considered official legally binding investment any kind and purchasing the token done own risk. form warrantee proceed revenue provided the purchase futurecoin tokens done the buyer's own risk and under circumstance should the buyer hold futurecoin accountable for any kind losses there are warranties that thefuturecoin token will fact increase value hold its value. unforeseen circumstances such war, strike, riot, crime, any kind natural disaster even any other unforeseen events over and above the control the futurecoin token's developers could, all times, badly affect, even irreversibly so, the token's price. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency risks associated with regulation icos and blockchain-based cryptocurrencies are mostly unregulated present. efforts are being made various regulatory bodies around the world including central banks and governments supervise, regulate even restrict the cryptocurrency market. such actions will greatly affect the functionality and value the futurecoin token well that other cryptocurrencies. risks associated with new technology futurecoin tokens and cryptocurrency tokens, general, are relatively new and untested technology. due this nature, technology-related unforeseen events may occur any time. futurecoins comprehend and fully accept all types related risks involved. ethereum related risks futurecoin tokens will issued the ethereum blockchain thus being dependant it. the functionality the futurecoin tokens the futurecoin platform will severely affected should the ethereum protocol malfunction fail. fund insurance provided. any and all types funds collected during pre-ico and ico are way insured. funds may lose their value whole completely without warning there legal entity insurance company, private public, turn should something goes wrong with the funds provided. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency crowdfunding futurecoin bears responsibility cover any claims made its crowdfunding promoting associates. the futurecoin platform will not held accountable regards other crowdfunding campaigns featured within and bears responsibility whatsoever regards the related funds. the futurecoin platform just intermediary between the campaign creators and their users. the purpose the futurecoin platform limited transferring funds from users creators, and tokens crowdfunding campaign creators users. futurecoin does not warrantee any claims made any the trading participants. integration this whitepaper does not constitute official agreement any kind and the information provided herein for information purposes only. project parameters, dates, futurecoin platform solution, specifications provided well other details technical not are subject change without prior notice. lockin tokens the company's discretion lock tokens post ico. during lockin period futurecoin token holders cannot sell the tokens. the lockin period will determined the company management but will not exceed more than six months post ico. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency risk associated with listing exchanges there guarantee futurecoin will able list cryptocurrency exchange and that users can cash out their futurecoin tokens via external platforms. such circumstances occur there will refund money. kyc and compliance. you will provide us, immediately upon our notice request, information that we, our sole discretion, deem required maintain compliance with any federal, state local law, regulation policy. such documents include, but are not limited to, passports, driver's licenses, utility bills, photographs you, government identification cards, sworn statements. indemnification you will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless us, our affiliates and licensors, and each their respective employees, officers, directors, and representatives from and against any claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including attorneys' fees) arising out relating any third-party claim concerning this agreement your use futurecoin, whether not the futurecoin was sold you under this agreement. our affiliates are obligated respond third-party subpoena other compulsory legal order process described above, you will also reimburse for reasonable attorneys' fees, well our employees' and contractors time and materials spent responding the third-party subpoena other compulsory legal order process reasonable hourly rates. futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency jurisdiction and governing law futurecoin bvi registered company. the token sale, any related material and especially the content this whitepaper, the whitepaper itself and any associated documents and material and any conflict arising from relation shall exclusively governed the laws bvi. the courts bvi shall have the whole and exclusive jurisdiction. futurecoin holds the right amend this contract i.e. white paper the discretion the company, any given time. you agree all above the terms mentioned this whitepaper when you purchase futurecoin tokens the time pre ico ico. references: https://www.inc.com/sonya-mann/invest-in-ico-pros-cons.html https://themerkle.com/cryptocurrency-icos-advantages-vs-disadvantages/ https://bankinnovation.net///most-cryptocurrency-investors-see-it-as-thecurrency-of-the-future/ https://coinlist.me/bitcoin/buy/paypal https://infogram.com/ditto-cryptocurrency-public-knowledge-report-november-gewvzjnnj https://extracredit.io/pdf-files/extra-credit-wp.pdf https://medium.com/@covesting/covesting-ico-hardcap-reached-early-ffbedff (ref.#) https://descrow.com/ https://www.coindesk.com/information/cloud-mining-bitcoin-guide/ futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency futurecoin revolutionizing the world digital currency