white paper november contents abstract vision the fuzex ecosystem the fuzex card the fuzex wallet the fuzex exchange the fuzex blockchain fuzex setup transaction flow setup user network transaction flow fuzex exchange transaction flow fuzex token holder card user rewards team accomplishments product comparison token sale event token private sale pre-sale token sale card rewards token allocation fund management roadmap contacts community legal disclaimer please read the following contents carefully before participating the fuzex token sale. contributions the fuzex token sale are used further the development the fuzex project outlined this whitepaper (subject development changes). the fuzex tokens (fxc) are not securities and not represent any ownership fuzex. the contents this whitepaper are not used for financial promotions. entity other than fuzex can engage issuing fuzex tokens and fuzex tokens are intended operate according the plan described the whitepaper (subject development changes). engaging with fuzex and the fuzex community, you confirm full understanding and compliance the following: you acknowledge that fuzex tokens not constitute securities any jurisdiction. the contents this whitepaper are not financial promotion. therefore, none the contents this whitepaper serve invitation inducement engage any sort investment activity. you acknowledge that the contents this whitepaper, the undertaking fuzex token sale, and/or the trading fuzex tokens, should not interpreted you indication the merits fuzex, including but not limited to, the fuzex tokens, the fuzex token sale, the fuzex card, the fuzex wallet, the fuzex exchange, and the fuzex blockchain. you are fully aware and understand that you are not eligible participate the fuzex token sale you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise), green card holder countries where token sales are restricted (such as, but not limited to: the united states america, singapore, china, and south korea). you acknowledge that any information contained this whitepaper and any current future communication from fuzex and its members, should not construed guarantee profit benefit any form, regardless the time their occurrence. you acknowledge that there may known and unknown risks associated with cryptocurrencies, such heavy fluctuations cryptocurrency values, innate risks the cryptocurrency industry, which may result financial losses. you agree that you understand the risks and are able bear potential losses full. you acknowledge that there are risks associated with fuzex and its respective business and operations, the fuzex tokens, the fuzex token sale, and the fuzex ecosystem. you acknowledge that the fuzex ecosystem currently being developed and may undergo significant changes before release. you acknowledge that fuzex may send you emails from time time, but these email notices will not ask for confidential information from you. you should not respond any suspicious and unofficial inquiries regarding fuzex tokens order reduce the possibility fraud, phishing attempts, and other schemes perpetrated malicious third parties. you acknowledge that fuzex does not warrant the period time for which the fuzex ecosystem will operational. the fuzex ecosystem may abandoned for number reasons, including lack interest from the public and lack funding develop solutions. after participating the fuzex token sale, you will become fuzex token holder. fuzex token holders will never own any securities any interest fuzex. participate the fuzex token sale, the contributor needs confirm that he/she: -is legally permitted purchase possess tokens the contributor's jurisdiction -is sufficient age and capability legally purchase possess fuzex tokens -will take sole responsibility for any restrictions and risks associated with the purchase fuzex tokens -has full and complete understanding the usage, intricacies, and risk block chain based assets. abstract the technology that brought the first transparent, secure, and decentralized currency through bitcoin has opened the floodgates for incredibly innovated business solutions through smart contracts networks such the ethereum network. this process, large number businesses have minted growing group people with significant wealth tied cryptocurrencies. however, stands, the process translate the wealth accumulated cryptocurrencies real-life experiences for cryptocurrency owners enjoy is, unfortunately, painfully inconvenient. the activities purchasing, transferring, and exchanging cryptocurrencies widely accepted "money" are complicated, slow, and unstable. the real-world usability problems associated with cryptocurrencies have encouraged number companies tackle this worthy challenge. while many the contenders this space have approached with seemingly logical prepaid card solution, their use cases are limited just few cryptocurrencies and acceptances are limited just small number merchants, thus, hampering wide adoption. this regard, fuzex looking beyond the standard approaches and seeking deliver innovative user experience well solving the cryptocurrency usability problem introducing the fuzex ecosystem. vision the fuzex team strives make all forms currency payment (fiat, rewards and cryptocurrencies) secure, reliable and user/merchant friendly. with wider acceptance and growing interest blockchain technology and innovative financial solutions, cryptocurrencies are closer being recognized "money" more than they ever have before. after all, has all the features what currently accepted "money". cryptocurrencies like bitcoin ethereum all share the following characteristics that help define "money": scarcity durability authenticity easy verification storage fungible portability divisibility difficultly counterfeiting usability however, when comes the usability characteristic "money", cryptocurrencies face serious challenge. our vision fuzex break down the "nice own, but difficult spend" problem with cryptocurrency and help bring completion its journey widely recognized and accepted form "money". seek solve this final usability issue cryptocurrency combining our experience payment solutions and blockchain technology with our technical know-how software and hardware development, all led our innovated business approach fiat currency: currency without intrinsic value established government regulation law. the fuzex ecosystem the fuzex card building fuzex, draw from our experience and expertise having already successfully developed, brought market, sold and shipped fuze cards (magnetic stripe and barcode enabled) smart e-card that enables users embed credit, debit, reward cards one. the fuzex card will include all the features the fuze card with the additional benefit multi-cryptocurrency integration. the fuzex card identical size and thickness standard credit debit card and consists emv chip, e-paper display (epd), three input/option buttons and charger terminal. emv chip secured charging terminal rechargeable battery front e-paper display dynamic magnetic strip flexible display buttons back features the fuzex card: store, manage and use credit, debit, reward and cryptocurrency accounts built-in buttons power on/off, enter pin codes, make selections, and authorize payments the fuzex card itself e-paper display (epd) view balances across accounts, barcodes for reward card scans, and codes for blockchain addresses emv (ic chip) for multi-cryptocurrency payments near field communication (nfc) for credit and debit card payments barcodes for reward payments code for cryptocurrency wallet addresses for transfers bluetooth connection between fuzex card and fuzex wallet ensure security (users have the additional option securely lock the fuzex card when the bluetooth connection disconnected) remote wipe technology that clears data from the fuzex card the event loss theft battery life between days plus sleek, slim, rechargeable portable battery bank that holds full charges for when you are the move once users have connected their various accounts (credit, debit, rewards cryptocurrency) the fuzex ecosystem through their fuzex wallet app, they will able pay with their fuzex card without the trouble having pull out their smartphones. furthermore, the fuzex card pairs with the fuzex wallet function hard wallet storage private keys. fragmented private keys are encrypted and stored between the fuzex card and fuzex wallet. the private keys are only accessible unlocking the fuzex card (via pin the card) and fuzex wallet (via account password). devices become increasingly more important person's identity, this two-factor authentication process helps combat fraud and brings together fragmented financial platforms one simple solution. the fuzex wallet the hub for the fuzex card and account management, the fuzex wallet app allows users store, spend, receive, and transfer tokens. features the fuzex wallet: enables registration (includes kyc) for fuzex ecosystem register and manage various cryptocurrencies send, receive, and exchange cryptocurrencies (cryptocurrency amount and respective fiat currency value clearly displayed with real-time exchange rates) check account balances, transaction history and exchange rates only registered devices can access the fuzex wallet ensure security interactive map and address the last location that the fuzex card was used (prior bluetooth disconnection) help users locate and retrieve their lost fuzex card android and ios compatibility for smart phones and windows and osx compatibility for computers kyc: know your customer. the process fuzex will use verify the identity our users. the fuzex exchange cryptocurrency network (issuer] race race legacy payment blockchain network blockchain network race hot wallet hosted wallet user key exchange key the fuzex exchange isolated key the fuzex exchange the core, backend platform bringing world-wide cryptocurrency adoption reality. our goal allow users spend cryptocurrency their fuzex card they would any regular credit card, and for merchants receive fiat currencies (usd, euro, yen and any other local currencies) they currently do. fact, besides the eye-catching futuristic look and feel the card, merchants will not know the difference. accomplish this enabling whichever cryptocurrency the fuzex card user selects released the respective fiat currency issuers, based the current market exchange rate. have enabled our fuzex card work conjunction with emv pos terminal standards. doing so, eliminate unreasonable overheads required order for each cryptocurrency company establish contracts with each separate vendors, thus, promoting cryptocurrency payment acceptance. bring market our solution for cryptocurrency usability sooner, fuzex will first partner with existing exchanges and issuers. the fuzex card offers unique solution that streamlines cryptocurrency adoption and increases the user base for exchanges. alternatively for the issuers, the fuzex card provides new access expanding, billion dollar industry. following this development, fuzex will then build out its centralized fuzex exchange. lastly, fuzex will launch and migrate its fuzex decentralized exchange. features the fuzex exchange: hold multitude reserve cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies facilitate real-time exchange (exchange rates derived from aggregated market rates) between cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies for payment transactions function hosted wallet that secured multi-signature security keys (user key, exchange key, and isolated key for recovery) *transactions execute only when the security keys are deployed. integrate with issuers/legacy payment networks (e.g. mastercard, visa) confirm sufficient fiat equivalent cryptocurrency balance the users' accounts during payment authorization and releases fiat payments issuers acknowledge selected cryptocurrency for payment when the user holds the relevant button confirm selection their fuzex card the user loses their user key, upon verification identification, they can create new account and user key. doing this, they can then transfer the balance from their previous account new account using combination the exchange key and isolated key. maintain balance reserve cryptocurrency and fiat currency funds the fuzex exchange, the fuzex exchange will offer any excess cryptocurrencies receives from users the market (via other exchange partnerships directly users its platform) maintain proper reserve funds for transactions. revenue received from selling and appreciation cryptocurrencies fuzex exchange's ownership will used hedge currency fluctuation risks the future. the fuzex blockchain the early days the fuzex service, plan deploy our system the ethereum blockchain network and conform erc standards. however, our long-term aim build our own fuzex blockchain network provide more robust cryptocurrency network. features the fuzex blockchain: the fuzex blockchain consists the following: application (fuzex wallet), node, and recorder (miner node) facilitate transaction data which includes channel, sender address, sequence, time, receiver address, contents and function (type number tokens), and verification signatures spread large amounts transactions quickly through the recorder spreading the most recently generated transactions verify transactions through proof signature, which nodes recorders create verification signature the transaction and generate verification block that includes the time which minimum number verifications are completed recognize and records bad transaction through signature verification via the application, node, and/or recorder blacklist the nodes that generate bad transactions and spread registered blacklist information the blockchain ensure ongoing security fuzex setup transaction flow setup download the fuzex wallet (mobile app), create account join the fuzex exchange, and order fuzex card. transfer the desired amount cryptocurrencies from external wallet the fuzex wallet. receive and activate the fuzex card using the fuzex wallet app. view user balances the fuzex wallet and fuzex card. setup this stage now complete. user network transaction flow issuer payment network exchange payment request purchase summary payment request user merchant fuzex card cryptocurrency payment card membership card service product purchased the user makes purchase selecting their choice cryptocurrency from their fuzex card using the built-in buttons their card. the user views the selected cryptocurrency balance and the respective fiat currency value, given real time exchange rates their fuzex card. when cryptocurrency selected and confirmed the user (by holding down the designated button), the selection information sent directly the fuzex exchange. the user hands over their fuzex card the merchant insert swipe. the merchant's pos terminal sends request the relevant switch company issuer verify the user and authorize the payment via emv payment networks (visa, mastercard, etc.). the issuer (integrated with the fuzex exchange) checks the user account for sufficient fiat equivalent cryptocurrency amount via the fuzex exchange. sufficient, the issuer authorizes the payment which simultaneously locks the spent amount cryptocurrency from the user's account. (if there insufficient amount, the issuer denies the payment.) the merchant then receives authorization for the payment and the purchase complete. the user receives courtesy purchase summary fuzex wallet app. the user must approve transactions the fuzex card when the cumulative spending balance surpasses usd (limit adjustable) finalize the transfer cryptocurrency payment from their user account the fuzex exchange. the fuzex exchange transaction flow exchange issuers payment networks fxc sell excess cryptocurrencies exchange partners users when the user approves transactions their fuzex card, the cryptocurrency payment transferred the fuzex exchange, which holds multitude reserve cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies facilitate payment transactions. the fuzex exchange has two primary functions: settle payments with issuers transferring the issuers the amount spent the users the stated fiat currency from its fiat currency reserves. sell excess cryptocurrencies accumulated other exchange partners directly other users the fuzex ecosystem. fuzex token holder card user rewards fxc token holders reward (in fxc tokens) processing fee .%~% issuers payment networks exchange .%~.% retained fuzex card users reward (in fxc tokens) merchants merchant transaction fee .%~% per payment network standards, the merchant usually pays for every card transaction the form merchant transaction fee. fuzex will reward both token holders fuzex tokens and users the fuzex cards from portion merchant transaction fees collected. the .%-% merchant transaction fee received, the funds collected will distributed follows: will rewarded fuzex tokens fuzex card users will rewarded fuzex tokens token holders .%-% will paid issuers and payment networks .%-.% will retained the fuzex exchange *token holders and fuzex card user rewards are subject change during phase team accomplishments our team: fuzex's employee team skilled engineers, blockchain specialists, programmers, experienced marketing professionals and business professionals are dedicated making future technologies reality today. our accomplishments: successfully developed, brought market, sold and shipped fuze cards (magnetic stripe and barcode enabled)--the smart e-card that enables users embed credit, debit, rewards cards one. reached the top global crowdfunding through the indiegogo platform, raising million usd. received "industrial convergence leader" award from the ministry trade, republic korea. distinguished recognition from korea technology finance corporation for developing "smart multi ecard" technology. product comparison fuzex tenx centra plastic card plastic card (support only cryptocurrency) (support only cryptocurrency) (expanding support) bitcoin, ethereum, dash bitcoin, ethereum, dash, litecoin, zcash, ripple, monero ethereum hosted wallet and smart contract hosted wallet and smart contract hosted wallet and smart contract smart contract debit pre-paid pre-paid pre-paid card holder incentives every purchase every purchase black card gold card blue card none card holder transaction fees free free free free very low very low very low smart ecard card support fund security card type entry requirements market (support cryptocurrency, credit, debit, reward cards) bitcoin, ethereum, fxc(erc very high tokencard none token sale event order bring our full vision and solution market, fuzex launching token sale event fund further development the fuzex ecosystem. the fuzex tokens (fxc) erc token and the tokens will distributed weeks after the token sale. the fuzex token sale available through our website: http://fuzex.co. token private sale pre-sale the token private sale, which represents total fuzex tokens (,, fxc), intended attract potential partners and large investors our fuzex ecosystem. the private sale starts november th, gmt and will run for weeks until midnight gmt december th, additionally, private sale participants have the option the first the queue for white label solutions. pre-sale, which represents the total fuzex tokens (,, fxc), will start december th, gmt, and will run for weeks until midnight gmt december th, event token bonus private sale fxc bonus gmt midnight gmt eth fxc btc fxc minimum purchase: eth btc token pre-sale fxc bonus gmt midnight gmt eth fxc btc fxc any unsold fxc during private pre-sale will burned minimum purchase: eth btc the fuzex token sale may funded with ethereum bitcoin. token sale the token sale, which represents the total fuzex tokens (,, fxc) planned for the specific date yet determined. event token bonus eth fxc btc fxc tbd minimum purchase: eth .btc card rewards during the token private sale, token pre-sale, and token sale, contributors who donate the following minimum amount will receive free fuze (ready for immediate distribution), fuzex, and/or fuzex-bio (with biometric authentication) cards. eth btc fuzex card eth btc eth btc fuze card fuzex card fuze card fuzex card fuzex-bio token allocation token allocation token private pre-sale token sale will distributed the public during the token private and pre- sale. will distributed the public during the token sale. amount fxc tokens fxc fxc fxc fxc fxc fxc fxc ensure proper growth, advisors partnerships fuzex will invite seasoned professionals with depth and breadth the appropriate industries serve advisors and establish partnerships. bounty donations technology acquisition the total tokens will allocated for bounty and blockchain industry donation. acquire technology for the fuzex ecosystem. further align fuzex employees fuzex founders and employees with the success the fuzex ecosystem, founders and employees will partially compensated with fuzex tokens. total tokens fund management the funds received the fuzex token sale will held secure multi-signature wallet and will allocated for the following developments. token allocation funded presale token sale amount fxc tokens research and development eth product eth issuing partnership certification eth fuzex wallet app development (web, android, ios) eth fuzex payment platform trusted security model eth eth fuzex blockchain main network eth fuzex exchange eth fuzex exchange liquidity eth marketing eth audit eth licensing eth eth fuzex card fuzex blockchain network development fuzex network total tokens roadmap establish partnerships with issuers and exchanges (multiple regions) complete development fuzex card (prototype) integrate the fuzex wallet with partner exchanges receive certification from payment networks (e.g. visa mastercard) fuzex card (beta), fuzex wallet (beta) with bitcoin ethereum integration fuzex card and fuzex wallet beta test commercial launch fuzex card and wallet integrate additional cryptocurrencies launch partnerships for white label solutions integrate additional cryptocurrencies acquire additional financial licenses launch fuzex bio (with biometric fingerprint verification) launch fuzex wallet acquire additional financial licenses fuzex centralized exchange (alpha) fuzex blockchain network (testnet) develop and launch fuzex decentralized exchange contacts community website https://fuzex.co e-mail info@fuzex.co slack https://fuze-slack-inviter.herokuapp.com medium https://medium.com/fuzex facebook http://www.facebook.com/fuzex.co telegram https://t.me/joinchat/ascgwfnlajxkslj-bq