page table contents section the vision defining the sharing economy defining the circular economy section the problem refurbished phones (bb/cb) industry pain points opportunity: profitable sector need standardization market trends and predictions section the solution blockchain: the solution section galaxy esolutions the answer company overview partnerships cns wireless wholesale (cns) dafzo milkyway distribution origin protocol sharder operational structure traction and milestones roadmap financials objectives core metrics the galaxy esolutions hybrid ecommerce business model galaxy esolutions platforms ndbd (live) yabphones (live) android reborn (under renovation) mobile freak (under development) team management galaxy-esolutions.com page blockchain development committee professional compliance team business advisory team section what makes special? key differentiators branding price speed market warranty competitive study and comparisons swot analysis section strategic positioning ecommerce solutions supply chain and partnership advantage location advantage section ges token offering and returns token offering offer schedule ico bonus structure token distribution ges token and value model token utility market buyback and burn model terms and conditions ges value protection mechanism terms and conditions planned use funds returns analysis key assumptions and findings corporate governance section conclusion galaxy-esolutions.com page section the vision envision world made environmentally friendly through global adoption and growth the sharing and circular economies. world which the lifespan electronics extended the point where mining waste and landfills are thing the past. "our mission further environmental sustainability utilizing decentralized, pre-owned and refurbished ecommerce ecosystem designed advance the sharing and circular economies." please support promoting global sustainability and clean future! the galaxy esolutions ico february march st, see our website join the conversation telegram. galaxy-esolutions.com page defining the sharing economy the sharing economy, collaborative consumption, refers resource circulation systems which allow consumers two-sided role, which consumers may act both providers resources and obtainers resources. this vision allows for broad understanding the sharing economy regards the overarching criteria changing consumer capacity. the sharing economy not black and white ecosystem: spectrum, and increasingly crucial understand its different shades. the driving forces behind the rise sharing economy organizations and businesses include: information technology and social media urban lifestyle demographic shifts increasing volatility cost natural resources now that understand what the sharing economy is, and what's driving the adoption this sustainable lifestyle, how define truly collaborative, sharing economy companies? the core business idea involves unlocking the value unused under-utilized assets ("idling capacity") whether it's for monetary non-monetary benefits. the company should have clear values-driven mission and built meaningful principles including transparency, humanness, and authenticity that inform short and long-term strategic decisions. the providers the supply-side should valued, respected, and empowered and the companies committed making the lives these providers economically and socially better. the customers the demand side the platforms should benefit from the ability get goods and services more efficient ways that mean they pay for access instead ownership. the business should built distributed marketplaces decentralized networks that create sense belonging, collective accountability and mutual benefit through the community they build. defining the circular economy the circular economy aims eradicate waste--not just from manufacturing processes, lean management aspires do, but systematically and throughout the life cycles and uses products and their components. looking beyond the current "take, make and dispose" extractive industrial model, the circular economy restorative and regenerative design: extending the life products and materials prevents the over-generation waste and recovers the full value products. relying system-wide innovation, the circular economy aims redefine products and services design waste out, while minimizing negative impacts. the circular model builds economic, natural and social capital. galaxy-esolutions.com page section the problem refurbished phones (bb/cb) industry pain points phone versions unclear/products not described most phone trading websites, only the phone models are listed. therefore, the exact versions the phones are not shown clearly. phone version information required that buyers know that they are buying the right phones for the right markets. for example, local shop trader australia might not able sell iphones which are usa versions, due factors such different network bandwidth, causing the phone not work with local network frequencies. different phone versions could cause consumer dissatisfaction well: for example, phones japan are required have alert sound when taking pictures. potential frauds/scams many cases, phones are almost good cash, since highly tradable and relative high value. hence, the phone industry often littered with scammers. the typical scams include failing deliver goods after being paid, selling stolen goods purpose and selling goods questionable quality. there are also suppliers who mix some bad products with good products just increase their margins. clearly, the industry lacks trust. high cross-border transaction costs all know that transacting for international payments expensive and often incurs exchange losses. some cases, payments have thru intermediary banks, often taking days for one transaction complete. add this concern stricter aml (anti-money-laundering) measures, and see even higher cross-border transaction costs. galaxy-esolutions.com page product movement verification when deals are done, what required next the movement the goods. there are many cases goods not being delivered time, that the tracking numbers need chased. there are also cases goods delivered wrong addresses, held customs even being provided fake tracking numbers. opportunity: profitable sector need standardization the refurbished phone trade multi-billion usd, high volume and high trading frequency globalized business and yet complex industry lacks standardization areas such trading terms, product versions and compatibility, and especially product grading and quality. industry statistics: double digit gross profit double digit percentage growth year year. fragmented industry with chance for consolidation. environmental friendliness (government and consumer support). usd market size (just phones). market trends and predictions galaxy esolutions predicts that the preowned and refurbished consumer electronics market will continue grow due variety factors, including: insatiable demand from developing countries. growing needs for consumer have second phone (one for business/work). shorter life cycles consumer electronics and the continuous upgrading. growing awareness the need for environmental sustainability. large scale adoption sharing and circular economies. galaxy-esolutions.com page section the solution blockchain: the solution building trust trustless environment one solution ensure the right products the right markets obtain the phone imei (international mobile equipment identity) from the sellers, which every phone has one (or two, dual sim version). this unique imei number every phone will reveal information such the model number, the region and hence the version and the related network bandwidth. the imei can obtained simply dialling *## and can verified online. our team will design api call online database service provider and put the information the imei collection well the tracking blockchain. payment amount would held escrow the smart contract until certain conditions are met, such the providing imei and tracking numbers. the credentials the sellers and buyers can also provided and verified against, based their previous trading records and/or credibility based community voting. eliminating the risk frauds and scams since providing the imei numbers would mean that the supplier likely have the goods with them. the imei numbers can also used ensure that the goods are not stolen goods. such, putting such critical information blockchain would certainly help stop scams well improving trading experience. api with imei database companies could facilitate the checks even faster which the plan. galaxy-esolutions.com page reducing transaction costs and time cross-border transaction fees will greatly reduced choosing transact using cryptocurrencies such btc, eth even using ges tokens. time will also saved and transactions could happen within hours, rather than days. both these are extremely important the phone trading industry since low margin, high turnover business where quick turnaround always critical business performance. tracking product movement and refurbishment details information such when items have been refurbished, who did the refurbishment, current status warranty period, courier used, dates dispatched, tracking numbers, shipment weight, and many other logistics records can put the blockchain, improving trading experience, combating fraud, and preventing shipment inconsistencies. galaxy-esolutions.com page section galaxy esolutions the answer company overview galaxy esolutions, limited global cross-border ecommerce business that set become the market leader the pre-owned and refurbished consumer electronics sector. are headquartered hong kong and have our eyes set global markets. achievements include: reached almost usd monthly sales within months. reached monthly operational break-even point august projected reach usd sales exclusive partnership with licensed apple and samsung refurbishment factory bonded zone. company details global cross-border ecommerce specialist. incorporated hong kong. launched december current products include refurbished apple phones and ipads, samsung, htc, lg, google phones, and dji drones. overseas support offices philippines, europe, australia. total staff: projected sales (): usd number country markets: (europe, anz, na, etc) planned country markets: number current websites: main sites including subdomains which are localised with local languages, marketing and payment options). proprietary erp system. full ecommerce solutions including logistics, fulfilment centre, payment gateway solutions, rma support, e-marketing. galaxy-esolutions.com page partnerships cns wireless wholesale (cns) cns government authorized refurbishment factory for apple and samsung products the shenzhen bonded zone. besides foxconn, cns the only other authorized refurbishment factory for apple products this zone. dafzo dafzo decentralised logistics platform which will help develop the massive india market well the galaxy esolutions decentralized logistics platform. milkyway distribution milkyway distribution cross-border electronics ecommerce specialist with wide network including europe, united states, australia and new zealand. origin protocol "the sharing economy without intermediaries", origin develops protocol for creating sharing economy marketplaces using the ethereum blockchain and ipfs, and will assist building the galaxy esolutions marketplace and ecosystem. sharder sharder.org, decentralised information processing and storage company, will assist developing the galaxy esolutions hybrid ecommerce model. sharder.org will also assist promoting our project the chinese community. galaxy-esolutions.com page operational structure have full team procurement specialists, quality inspectors, customer service specialists, logistic officers, marketing specialists, team, and accounting team. traction and milestones galaxy esolutions aims create "green" global marketplace for refurbished, pre-owned smartphones and other consumer electronics. the company repairs and cleans pre-owned consumer electronics, then sells those electronics for discounted rate online. the entire business process managed galaxy esolutions. phones shipped/day: country markets: web traffic/month: ~.m customers: subscribers: galaxy-esolutions.com page sales, contribution margin and no. units sold growth roadmap galaxy-esolutions.com page financials far, about ,usd has been used scale current level, and monthly operational break-even point was reached august galaxy esolutions seeking funds not only develop its decentralized marketplace and token application, but also aggressively scale growth. with the right opportunity, timing, and partnerships, galaxy esolutions poised for explosive growth. objectives achieve clear profitability end exceed usd sales reach usd valuation end core metrics average order value: usd stock turn: cash cycle turn: note: the above metric simply suggests that working capital usd, will allow galaxy esolutions reach usd annual turnover. the cash cycle turn will improved very soon due new payment gateway agreement which will shorten the sales proceeds settlement from days days. no. units sold/day sales (usd) gp% cm% np% (actual) (actual) $,, -.% (actual) $,, (projection) $,, quarter remarks: contribution margin less total direct variable costs logistics, marketing, transactional, and fees galaxy-esolutions.com page the galaxy esolutions hybrid ecommerce business model galaxy esolutions ecommerce ecosystem focusing the pre-owned and refurbished economy which worth multi-billions. have several strategic business units, including ndbd, yabphones, and mobile freak. ndbd and yabphones are centralized, and focused selling, while mobile freak decentralized buy-and-sell platform. together, centralized and decentralized platforms create the galaxy esolutions hybrid ecommerce ecosystem. ndbd: currently (business-to-consumer) site evolving become marketplace with approved suppliers). yabphones: and (factory-to-consumer) site with own branding refurbished products. mobile freak (mobilefreak.com): site built blockchain serve the (consumer-to-consumer), (consumer-to-business) and (business-to-business) refurbished markets. the reason for this hybrid model galaxy esolutions' belief that the model, where sending goods end consumers, the consistency quality goods and exceeding expectations are utmost importance. this retail experience and only centralized model can galaxy esolutions fully control quality supplied goods and consumer experience. however, galaxy esolutions believes that blockchain, decentralized model, would suit marketplace serving the cc, and markets. ges will use mobilefreak.com for this decentralized model and only focus initially the highly tradable pre-owned and refurbished phones. galaxy esolutions platforms instead selling refurbished electronics through single, consumer-facing website, galaxy esolutions operates number platforms, including ndbd, yabphones, android reborn (under renovation), and mobile freak (under development). galaxy-esolutions.com page ndbd (live) concept/appeal: ndbd simply means difference, big difference (as general usage and quality versus pricing). targeting general market and consumers that look for savings and yet wanted quality assurance. place where customers will find most professionally refurbished electronic products. now: offering professionally refurbished apple phones and ipads, samsung, htc, lg, google phones, and dji drones. future: will offer more brands and other products, such samsung and macbooks. would evolve eventually into marketplace plus direct hybrid site (like jd/amazon). this would involve adding more brands, products and suppliers, well talents with marketplace establishment and management experiences. over subdomains which are locally translated and customized. site: nd-bd.com galaxy-esolutions.com page yabphones (live) concept/appeal: the focus young people, such students/fresh grads/ new job entrants, ges will rely social marketing platforms such facebook and youtube. now: offering professionally refurbished apple products, targeting younger markets. future: will focus solely apple products and penetrate such markets. yabphones will only focus its own refurbished apple products order meet and exceed customer expectations and experience. will also keep its range limited apple for focused marketing. site: yabphones.com galaxy-esolutions.com page android reborn (under renovation) concept/appeal: for general markets that have preference for android phones. now: testing phase with professionally refurbished android phones. future: planning live after supply and quality control for android phones are secured and funds ready. remark: android reborn will only focus its own refurbished android products order meet and exceed customer expectations and experience. will also keep its range limited android for focused marketing. site: android-reborn.com galaxy-esolutions.com page mobile freak (under development) concept/appeal: mobile freak's marketing slogan would "mobile freak offers freaking good prices buy your phones!". the site will list the phones could purchase, and list the different conditions and relative offer pricing, and market consumers wishing sell (either they have extra/unneeded phones looking for upgrade). will rely online payment system and upon collecting the phones, they will consolidated and sent hong kong for either re-selling refurbishment. due the supply chain and location advantage, highest prices would fetched and hence profits maximized. now: testing phase and site launched soon. need funding support full marketing, operation and working capitals. future: will include online-to-offline commerce and mall carts/kiosks shopping malls that use market buy-back services (buy the phone spot after inspection) while also marketing the ndbd range products (if customer place orders, dispatch from centralised warehouse hong kong that country). remark: aihuishou, chinese site doing similar business and concepts but only domestic market, did usd sales site: mobilefreak.com galaxy-esolutions.com page team management yuen wong co-founder ceo yuen has strong e-commerce sense and entrepreneurial initiative that gives him the ability make the business operate the global consumer markets. expertise: entrepreneurship, business development, ecommerce specialist. joe chan chief technology officer technology lead, uses new innovative ways for product development and generates data-driven strategies and results. expertise: technical engineer, coding, online infrastructure and database. erik hohmann chief marketing officer managing digital projects and campaigns and leading the digital marketing team effectively implement the campaigns across the global markets which operate. expertise: digital marketing, social media, and communication, global outreach. chris wong chief operating officer chris data-driven and handles the day-to-day operations, such inventory management, technical user interface our website and analysis and reporting. expertise: data analysis, coding and development, google analytics, user interface. galaxy-esolutions.com page pranav burnwal blockchain director pranav our blockchain expert, specializes programming smart contracts used blockchain technology. our lead developer smart contracts and tokens that will used our ico. expertise: blockchain, coding, digital security, online development, icos. blockchain development committee ben xiong sharder, ceo cto years experience programming, b.e. software from shanghai jiaotong university, architect seachange, chief architect yiji pay, co-founder and cto taogushen.com, founder conch chain. wayne shao sharder, coo years experience management, operating and entrepreneurship, b.e. from tsinghua university, m.s. columbia university, general manager egholm maskiner (china), co-founder and coo taogushen.com. rick wang sharder, cmo years experience marketing, channel development and entrepreneurship, marketing director huangcheng technology co. ltd., general manager zebra environment technology co. ltd.. galaxy-esolutions.com page professional compliance team brian colwell ico advisor, crypto investor influencer brian colwell the specialist crypto, fintech and iot marketing and social media management. his background financial services sales and marketing gives him eye for producing return investment, and brian's own network includes over followers. not only that, but brian connected many other influencers and journalists. simon choi fintech, blockchain global ico lawyer simon, previously head legal tcl, our advisor all matters legal. advises regulatory matters for conducting ico and using blockchain technology. dictated our terms and conditions for our ico. brennan bennett blockchain technology consultant brennan blockchain consultant, emerging tech entrepreneur and startup advisor. specializes hit blockchain implementation and subject matter expert biomedical informatics, clinical decision support systems, drug design and pharmacy operations. galaxy-esolutions.com page business advisory team neil thomas ceo founder, muzaara neil thomas dynamic leader, who well versed the asia-pacific market and global ecommerce trends. with diverse skill set across platform, technology, marketing and solid business and financial acumen coupled with enthusiasm for the growth opportunities within the region, highly engaged and effective driving bottom line results. dr. john wong executive vice chairman, executives' global network dr. john wong known very resourceful and experienced leader. started his career management consultant with kmg-byrne management consultants ltd. currently founding member rotary club tamar and the past president the rotary club taipo. stanley lee the president e-commerce, association hong kong ecommerce entrepreneur, started ecommerce seller international ebay platforms. also founded continental global service limited provide efficient logistics and supporting facilities and services, mostly for other ecommerce sellers. abdulaziz aljouf founder ceo, paytabs awarded forbes middle east one the leaders inspiring and shaping the future saudi arabia. galaxy-esolutions.com page jordan miller founder ceo, paradigm agency previously heads goods groupon and lux group. entrepreneur with several successful businesses. ken wong continental global service ltd executive officer e-commerce association hong kong ken wong has more than years experience ecommerce field. previously business development manager ebay. prateek sharma co-founder and ceo dafzo.io and courier home prateek the founder/ceo dafzo.io and courier home, logistic specialist india. will lead the effort helping ges market entry strategy into the massive india market. both entities will form strategic partnership. galaxy-esolutions.com page section what makes special? key differentiators obviously, galaxy esolutions isn't the only company operating the refurbished electronics space. there are number similar companies doing the same thing, but galaxy esolutions separates itself from the pack several key areas: branding galaxy esolutions uses its own branding build consistent consumer expectations across products. this will encourage repeat buying customers recognize that galaxy esolutions trusted refurbishment provider. price galaxy esolutions emphasizes lower costs through controls every stage the refurbishment process. they own refurbishment factory, and they process all retail transactions themselves. this means they control the price and quality. not only that, but galaxy esolutions guarantees the best price/quality matrix. foxconn quality: price: ges quality: price: misc competitors: quality: price: galaxy-esolutions.com page (resellers) (resellers) remarks: foxconn the apple officially authorised refurbished factory that only produce apple c.p.o (certified pre-owned). currently has workers. speed market galaxy esolutions promises get consumer electronics the market more quickly than its competitors. because the company controls the whole supply chain, it's full control all processes required before reaching the market. galaxy esolutions doesn't need wait for suppliers third party refurbishment companies. warranty galaxy esolutions has -month warranty all consumer electronics sold through their refurbishment program, warranty unmatched for professionally refurbished electronics. galaxy-esolutions.com page competitive study and comparisons factors brands direct (apple) traditional sellers (local phone repair shops) marketplace sellers (amazon ebay) sites (newegg) competitive price good product quality good service quality stable supply wide product range local reach other comparison studies newegg (newegg.com) direct site offering new consumer electronics items which later evolve into marketplace plus global cross-border hybrid. turnover more than .bn usd. zhuanzhuan (zhuanzhuan.com) chinese marketplace site selling pre-owned and second hand items with turnover around .bn usd. its sales come from mobile phones, with about ,pcs phones sold daily. was recently valued usd while its nearest hands goods competitor, xianyu, was valued usd. galaxy-esolutions.com page aihuishou (aihuishou.com) chinese online plus offline site which buys back phones from consumers for resales purposes. only focus domestic market and turnover was usd. had recently raised usd and jd.com was one the investors. swot analysis strengths proven business concept and model with tangible success. current sales all via own stand-alone websites. full control over destiny. strong partnership current investors: well-established logistics company staff) and licensed factory bonded zone. cost-effective overseas office and marketing support. own proprietary erp built for ecommerce. hong kong, logistics, trading, duty-free and recycling goods hub. high inventory and cash turns. weaknesses inadequate funding restricted growth. low level inventory meet demands caused poorer than desired reviews. opportunities inadequate funding restricted growth. market offers chance for consolidation especially for one that has supply chain advantage. huge potential emerging markets and developing countries such india, sea, brazil, and russia. chinese brands consumer electronics becoming dominant force (e.g. huawei, dji etc). sales could easily increased manifold selling thru marketplaces (such amazon). market becoming more environmentally conscious and encourages recycling. generate and corporate purchase sales. marketplace opportunities exist aplenty for further growth (e.g amazon renewed invited sell there). threats global protectionism and nationalism (increasing trade barriers). waning popularity apple products. loss apple and samsung refurbishment rights. note: once obtained, unlikely revoked given the special 'guanxi' (relationship) unless it's serious legal infringement, such exporting domestic china market, which not allowed the bonded zone. big players coming into play (e.g. amazon) global cross border ecommerce giants are looking for growth areas (however, this could perceived opportunity for cooperation m&a target). galaxy-esolutions.com page section strategic positioning ecommerce solutions proprietary fully developed erp system built for ecommerce. linked factory with live sales data and order details for optimal planning. product feed marketing which synchronised with google marketing avenues. cross-border logistic solutions, utilising network couriers and logistics service providers such dhl, toll, dpex, aramex. payment gateway solutions with major players ensure fraud prevention while enjoying low rates and shorter cash cycles. galaxy-esolutions.com page supply chain and partnership advantage factory name: furunzhi (major stakeholder: 'cns'; with full management rights) location: shenzhen yantian bonded zone floor space: ,sqm capacity: current: pcs/day; can increase ,pcs/day licensed brands: apple, samsung (for now) and could increase certification: iso relationship with ges: cns has stakeholding interest ges support brought ges: tailored production plan meet ges projections and requirements; credit term support; best price and quality mix support; supply stability and priority galaxy-esolutions.com page special license (which extremely difficult obtain unless there's special 'guanxi', relationship). bonded zones. government subsidies exports. unfinished/used products such phones can brought into the factory tax-free for refurbishment, and reexported for resale purposes with chinese government subsidies (ensuring better prices). other rendered support includes quality assurance, returns management, inventory management, system integration and communication, and credit term. location advantage hong kong competitive advantages: duty free: zero taxes almost everything, including consumer electronics. trading hub: hong kong major trading hub for consumer electronics; estimated all second hand phones are sold/auctioned off here. logistics hub: due historical reasons and location advantage, hong kong great place for cross border ecommerce business like ges. low corporate tax: .%, and for next year there will further reduction for startups. proximity shenzhen: near shenzhen, the consumer electronics capital china, critical due supply and logistical issues. galaxy-esolutions.com page section ges token offering and returns token offering token symbol: ges token usage: tokens can used ecosystem for services and products. token users receive token-back reward purchases the end every month. maximum supply: with unsold tokens burned. token price: eth ges tokens eth per token). minimum purchase: eth hardcap: eth special notes the ges token: *market buyback: quarterly profit used quarterly buyback with burned. *token value protection: galaxy esolutions buy back stages long market price falls below list price. galaxy-esolutions.com page offer schedule ico: february march ico bonus structure eth bonus eth bonus eth bonus eth bonus eth bonus eth bonus eth and above bonus additional bonus: you contribute both galaxy esolutions and sharder icos, you will receive token bonus your contribution from both parties. please note that figures for the bonuses will rounded down. token distribution ges token and value model the ges token exciting not only that can used the galaxy esolutions marketplace, but also because the buyback and burn model employed conjunction with very generous value protection mechanism. just another way galaxy esolutions can say thank you our supporters! token utility ges tokens will have the following usages the ecosystem: for listings services (applicable suppliers). upgraded services, such accreditation verified and /or featured suppliers. for galaxy esolutions services such product refurbishment inspection services (on goods quality). galaxy-esolutions.com page act ship-on-hold logistic centre (giving greater peace mind trading than smart contracts). ges tokens can used galaxy esolutions' sites for purchases. the redeem value each ges token the marketplace will current token market price (according coinmarketcap.com). note: token-back reward purchases will issued the end each month. market buyback and burn model (for total) galaxy esolutions' quarterly profits will used buy back ges issued tokens from the market and 'burn' least them. galaxy esolutions offers buyback and burn value disbursement method, which both efficient and transparent, and which will not considered securities according regulators, thereby not subject itself government interference. galaxy esolution will systematically buy ges tokens exchanges and "burn" them. "burn" means that purchased tokens will taken off the market permanently, resulting decreased total number ges tokens, thereby increasing the value remaining ges tokens over time. terms and conditions not all tokens are fully allotted the crowdsale/ico, then the profit allocation will pro rata basis, using the following formula: [allotted number tokens number initially issued tokens annual profit] numbers will audited annually required hong kong tax authority galaxy esolutions will commit continue buyback ges tokens with allocated profits years. year year (from april march ges overall after tax profit will used buy back ges tokens from the market. year year (from [total tokens market/total tokens issued profit] will used for market buyback. buyback will take place between june sept every year (remark: hong kong financial year end march). buyback price will based last days weighted price prevent possible market/price manipulations. ges will burn least the bought back tokens from the market that the token supply market will reduced and when profits increase, holders will rewarded. ges value protection mechanism galaxy esolutions will commit redeem/buyback its tokens long prices fall below its average ico price (based usd/usdt). this regardless profitability and commit eventually buy all tokens long prices fall below ico averaged usd price, give our backers the value protection guarantee illustrate our confidence our project. terms and conditions this regardless profitability and commit eventually buy all tokens long prices fall below ico averaged usd price, give our backers the value protection guarantee that illustrates our confidence our project. galaxy-esolutions.com page this means that actually provide you safety net such that you can only look forward gains and upsides. this redemption program will based the following quarterly schedule: each quarter and sold ges tokens (buy back long price below ico usd price). total: max and max respectively. each quarter and sold ges tokens total: max and max year will redeem all sold tokens within this year long the prices are below ico average usd price. planned use funds funding will allow galaxy esolutions quickly duplicate its current strategy, scale both existing and new country markets, supply inventory meet high demands, and develop its decentralized marketplace capabilities. inventory: working capita: system and blockchain development: overseas fulfillment centre: system and site development: development: social marketing and branding: app development: corporate development: talent acquisition: galaxy-esolutions.com page returns analysis the illustration below isolated and does not take into account the ges token usage effect within the galaxy esolutions ecosystem, which could add multiplier effect the token price. projected scenario years year sales (usd) np% np(usd) profit allotted for buyback ,,, total roi (return investment) remarks: projected average roi for overall ges token purchasers over full period five years. actual returns will subject market behaviour and conditions. projected scenario years year sales (usd) np% np(usd) profit allotted for buyback ,,, ,,, ,,, ,,, ,,, ,,, total roi (return investment) remarks: projected average roi for overall ges token purchasers over full period ten years. actual returns will subject market behaviour and conditions. galaxy-esolutions.com page jan note: galaxy esolutions has now introduced more token usage which will boost the token potential value. top that, have price protection mechanism introduced that when market price falls below listed price, will conduct market buy back ges tokens. such, projection returns described above may not reflect the entire scenarios. key assumptions and findings roi based averaged returns for all ges token purchasers. over year period, ges token purchasers could expect return their investment average. over year period, ges token purchasers could expect return their investment average. actual returns will depend actual company performances, market sentiments, time selling, business cycles, macroeconomic factors well demand and supply the tokens. galaxy esolutions has guarantee its financial performance and its realisation profits. ges tokens work market buyback and burn model, long business track, ges tokens held longer are more likely reach higher price. ges tokens bought back are 'burned', causing reduction token supply. ges token usage effect within the galaxy esolutions ecosystem could add multiplier effect the token price. corporate governance audit requirement all hong kong entities are required law submit their audited financial statements the inland revenue department every year. any non-compliance will result serious consequences imposed government. ecommerce transparency ecommerce business has cash payments/transactions and hence all data are real and actual data. legality issues the terms and conditions, well the galaxy esolutions business deck, has been checked for compliance our legal advisor, mr. simon choi, renowned ico lawyer who was the head legal tcl for years. ico and security issues galaxy esolutions ico and web security has been checked for maximum security our blockchain advisors, mr. pranav burnwal and brennan bennett. galaxy-esolutions.com page section conclusion positioning ourselves green company the refurbished consumer electronics market, galaxy esolutions will operate hybrid ecommerce ecosystem that utilizes both centralized and decentralized marketplaces. the ges token will serve utility token the galaxy esolutions decentralized marketplace and ensure fast, simple and secure e-commerce transactions. "galaxy esolutions more than idea: it's established business with real vision and proven ability execute its goals." join driving global adoption both sharing and circular economies! the galaxy esolutions ico february march st, see our website join the conversation telegram. last updated: march galaxy-esolutions.com page