galactrum: community controlled autonomous digital currency shensu (developer) iwasaki (developer) gabter (developer) tiangou (community manager) original release march revised march abstract. galactrum (ore) autonomous digital currency, forked off the dash platform. this paper the improvements galactrum has implemented over its predecessors, including advanced staking capabilities, user experience and democratic controls, are discussed. the philosophies and motivations behind creating selffunded, decentralized, community controlled digital currency that demonstrates the applications and developmental freedoms democratic proposal and voting system will explored. introduction bitcoin revolutionary digital currency that emerged and was hard pressed gain public acceptance. over time bitcoin has been more openly accepted and implemented into increasing number applications. this has mainly been result its practical use and value medium exchange. bitcoin has provided baseline demonstration with great practicality and security, well paving the road for blockchain technology[]. the downside, bitcoin's technology becoming outdated. with much faster and more reliable systems already competing for the market space, bitcoin has slow and difficult time adapting changing conditions[]. additionally, bitcoin has lost its integrity being decentralized currency due application-specific integrated circuit (asic) mining equipment that has created monopoly over the minting coins. this erosion fairness has grown for multiple proof-ofwork (pow) algorithms, including sha and used bitcoin and dash, respectively[]. dash was founded january under its original name xcoin. xcoin, which was rebranded darkcoin days later, eventually took the final name dash march dash achieved many its goals and quickly grew into highly valued digital asset[]. one dash's main features incentivized masternode network that requires locking dash. the dash masternode network was easier join its early stages. dash witnessed huge growth period demand increased dramatically[]. over time dash grew into peer-to-peer network thousands nodes. while this imposing growth gave dash compelling network stability, came cost. dash now faces the same issue set out solve; growth potential the peer-topeer network. demand for dash grew, became more difficult acquire, the point being impossible for the general public obtain the dash needed for masternode. this demand indicates future growth and development will centralized towards institutional investors and asic mining monopolies[], further undermining the goals "decentralized" currency. galactrum uses the lyrav chained algorithm secure block hashing. combined with quick minute block times, the latest advanced dark gravity wave difficulty targeting, and cold-storage staking, galactrum modern platform ready for usage the masses. possible votes. this gives galactrum decentralized and democratic approach its structure and future development while also remaining fully transparent. every vote cast the galactrum dao for public view each cycle. proposal and voting system galactrum treasury galactrum establishes community control through transparent proposal and voting system. anyone may submit proposal pertaining the current state and/or future development galactrum for small fee, paid ore (the fee burned, increasing scarcity). proposal outlined presenting the development changes proposed clear and professional manner with detailed plan. proposals may request budget. writing proposals and votes directly the blockchain results decentralized and censorship resistant democracy. the first voting cycle begins block votes are tallied and budgets paid every voting cycle, which blocks (approximately days). after the voting cycle begins every block reserved the treasury for proposals. proposals can request one time payment recurring payments. the masternode operators examine the proposal and determine the requested funds are reasonable. masternode operators can revoke their vote any time and funds are only awarded the end voting cycle. voting platform decentralized autonomous organization the galactrum dao lives inside its blockchain, powered its consensus algorithm. accessing the underpinnings the dao core functionality are esoteric and cryptic non-technical user. without web-based voting platform tool, would extremely difficult participate the dao for the average user. the decentralized autonomous organization (dao) consists galactrum masternode operators. operating masternode the only requirement holding seat the dao. each masternode the network may cast yay/nay vote per proposal. proposals must receive yay votes the total the galactrum voting platform will assist users formatting their proposals into the appropriate bytecode needed broadcast the network from the wallet console. additionally, the platform will track current proposals, display statistics, and serve place for community discussion and debate. asic-resistant pow phase bitcoin was originally intended decentralized and distributed currency where the security and integrity the blockchain not controlled single entity group. the creator bitcoin, satoshi nakamoto, once wrote "one cpu, one vote"[]. however, the birth specialized chips called application-specific integrated circuit (asic) that can mine bitcoin thousands times more efficiently than any desktop computer made mining inaccessible the general public. bitcoin mining now dominated small group people with the capital develop purchase these asics, and the ability build and maintain large mining farms[]. this gives them disproportionate amount influence, making easier mount successful attack. galactrum's pow (proof-of-work) hashing algorithm, called lyrarev (often shortened lyrav), was designed specifically resist the development custom mining hardware and multi-pool mining. this resistance ensured that all transactions are verified widely distributed network. lyrav technical advantages lyrav more efficient password-based key derivation scheme that allows legitimate users fine tune memory, processing costs and parallelism according the desired level security and resources available the target platform. employs the use cryptographic algorithms that allows the generation pseudorandom string bits from the transaction message and private key provided the sender. this process employs one-way function, that recovering the private key from the output string bits computationally infeasible, making almost impossible reverse engineer the private key. achieve this, lyrav uses the concept reduced-round cryptographic sponges, creating strictly sequential process. these sponge functions are iterated mode operation that uses fixedlength permutation and padding rule. additionally, lyrav brings the following important improvements: allows significantly higher security level against attack venues involving time-memory trade-offs. allows legitimate users benefit more effectively from the parallelism capabilities their own platforms. includes tweaks for increasing the costs involved the construction dedicated hardware attack the algorithm. balances resistance against sidechannel threats and attacks relying cheaper storage devices. the combination strictly sequential design, the high costs timememory trade-offs, and the ability raise the memory usage beyond what attainable with similar solutions security levels and processing time, make lyrav powerful solution for efficient and secure cryptographic hashing. end pow phase early the rise asics that can used lyrav[] has motivated the shift towards alternative consensus mechanisms for galactrum. early on, galactrum's pow consensus allowed for many gpu miners participate. new factors such rentable mining pools and asics targeting lyrav have decreased the decentralized nature galactrum's pow consensus. solve the issue centralization occuring the pow mining network, there are two possible paths forward. the first obvious path would fork the pow hashing algorithm new asicresistant algorithm. this would only delay the inevitable, likely only matter time until another asic developed for that replacement algorithm. the other, more future-proof solution, change the method consensus entirely. proof stake and stakenodes the rise more diverse asic mining equipment that can used out-compete graphics cards mining has led advancements alternatives proof-of-work mining. proof-of-stake (pos) new alternative consensus algorithm that relies different method achieve permission-less consensus. pos involves spending ore itself create kernel "stake" that the network recognizes adequate work for minting block. until recently, pos has required wallet with the ore "online" (unlocked and open) all times order stake. powered new advancements the core blockchain protocol, particular segregated witness, galactrum has the capability "offline" (locked and closed) stake ore. offline-staking achieved through special kind full-node called stakenode. stakenodes protect the owners the ore from being staked allowing them take their ore offline, while still participate minting blocks. sufficient pow phase has created large and diverse circulation ore, needed for decentralized staking network. staking consensus protocol galactrum's pos protocol achieves consensus through special transaction, called coinstake. the age-based selection ore coinstake takes into consideration how "old" the ore is, other words, the date which was last moved during transaction. the first input coinstake known the "kernel". the owner the kernel spends the coinstake and thus, resets the coinage the kernel. block will the last pow minable block, afterwards the network will switch only pos. stakenodes through special kind smart contract that requires ore create, owners ore can delegate the ability stake their ore with stakenode. these stakenodes can also masternodes (see section but operate independent the masternode system. stakenode operator may the owner the ore used stake, can also completely untrusted third party. this creates realm stakenode operators that cater the needs owner ore who wishes stake while offline. the owner the stake contract delegates percentage the block reward that will the stakenode operator, from -%. any time, the owner the stakenode contract can cancel their contract and regain full access their ore (including the ore required create the contract). block rewards are safely distributed the contract owner and stakenode operator. masternode network (peer-to-peer) digital currency comprised full nodes, partial nodes and stakenodes. the masternode network network full nodes facilitating connectivity, selfgovernace, transaction relays and blockchain stewardship. masternodes play paramount role network stability, security and usability, and such, are compensated with portion the block reward. additionally, galactrum masternode operators earn vote galactrum dao. blockchain full nodes require significant amount resources operate, namely hard disk space, maintain full copy the blockchain and relay transactions. this increasing demand for resources ultimately birthed decline the number active nodes across the bitcoin network[]. with its advanced and innovative code, galactrum able reliably transfer large amounts data, less time, all while using considerably fewer resources. with target block time minutes combined with block size limit mb, galactrum prepared scale for generations. masternode stewardship operate galactrum masternode, ore needed for collateral. this collateral used prevent sybil attacks[]. once the masternode has been set and operational, your wallet will lock the ore place. this ensures the masternode collateral unaffected and the masternode granted access the network. this collateral not forfeit. held bond which allows masternode participate the network receive portion the block reward. this collateral may recovered whenever the operator wishes terminate their masternode. masternodes must maintain consistent uptime and not offline for more than hour. doing will require the masternode operator rebroadcast signed start message reintegrate the network, and such, will lose their current place the block reward queue. block rewards after the network has switched pos the reward distributed follows: masternodes are identical full nodes the bitcoin network. however, bitcoin nodes lack the incentive operate. with costs far outweighing any benefits, over time the number nodes has decreased substantially the bitcoin network. this has led the masternode reward system being implemented across many new digital assets. the consensus algorithm offers node operators pre-determined share newly generated ore well share the transaction fees the network. like many other blockchains, galactrum's block reward decreases over time combat inflation. when the maximum supply has been generated, miners and masternodes will longer generate new coins, instead, they will rewarded from the transaction fees the network. galactrums block reward starts ore and decreases every years. the reward distributed follows for the pow phase: block height miner masternode treasury block height minter masternode treasury only one masternode paid each block creation. masternodes are paid round-robin fashion, scaling any number masternodes (note that the current ore supply the only limiting factor the number active masternodes). this method scaling leads fluctuations masternode rewards and can calculated using the following formula: r*b*a where the terms are defined as: masternodes operator owns total number masternodes current block reward subsidy daily create block average percent masternode payment deterministic block reward ordering masternodes are paid pseudorandom order avoid any possibility manipulation. the hash from each proofof-work block used secure this algorithm for selecting winner from the network. psuedocode which selects masternode block reward payee: blockhashes maps height->hash masternodevins maps masternode->vin height current block number top_score for(m masternodes) hash blockhashes[height] vin masternodevins[m] score abs(hash vin) if(score top_score){ newly mined coins become rarer the supply decreases and becomes difficult obtain majority ore. large decentralized masternode network enables galactrum execute highly sensitive tasks the network trustless manner, where single entity can manipulate the results. for each task assigned, selected amount pseudorandom masternodes from the network perform the same task. randomizing the work distribution multiple nodes ensures there way manipulate the results the task. similar the manner which fork corrected blockchain, the event conflict, the results the task are determined the majority influence. top_score score payee wallet platforms trustless network consensus incentivization operating masternode stakenode creates decentralized network nodes that are difficult manipulate. the majority the circulating supply locked into existing masternodes, the attacker would unable acquire enough ore carry out mastenrode network disruption. ultimately becomes impossible for any one person control majority the available ore because the required supply not present when high number nodes are active the network. the core galactrum family versatile and user friendly wallet gui (graphical user interface) programs. attempts forge balance between implementing the complex features galactrum while maintaining usability and comfort. essential, from decentralization standpoint, extend the reach galactrum many platforms possible. desktop wallets applicable for wide range use cases, galactrum has developed desktop wallets for windows, mac osx, and linux/unix environments. core features such stakenode contract management, governance, and masternode management are available across all desktop platforms. the main philosophy behind the design the galactrum desktop wallets simplicity and usability. using lowcontrast theme and minimizing the amount extraneous windows, the galactrum desktop wallets achieve succinct and pleasant user experience. mobile wallets the digital world rapidly advances, many actions the internet are carried out mobile phones. preserve relevance and increase usability, galactrum developing wallets for all the major mobile platforms, such ios and android. mobile wallets bridge key gap between consumers and merchants. with mobile wallets, galactrum suddenly becomes useful situations where use desktop computer not available desired. this key stepping stone the proliferation ore. conclusion this paper has discussed the core concepts and motivations galactrum. based advanced cryptographic tools and methods, galactrum establishes robust and advanced system for commerce and self-governance. decentralized democratic processes make the core components galactrum's design. implementing forward thinking practices, such internal treasury for development voted masternode owners, the galactrum platform positioned for long-term success and relevancy. leveraging the success its predecessors, bitcoin and dash, galactrum lays out concrete and precise strategy for self-expansion and developmental growth. featuring essential innovations such cryptographically secure payments and cold storage staking makes galactrum applicable wide range uses. digital currencies offer exciting new frontier and galactrum strives the forefront this new wave thought. bibliography empson, rip, "bitcoin: how unregulated, decentralized virtual currency just became billion dollar market", jonald fyookball, https://medium.com/@jonaldfyookball/ why-does-bitcoin-have-ridiculously-highfees-and-slow-confirmationsefdad, darryn pollock, bitmain's mining monopoly compromises bitcoin's decentralized nature, theo tsihitas, dash bitcoin: has dash successfully overcome bitcoin's shortcomings, payments journal, dash now easy payment option million merchants accepting visa, joon ian wong, china's bitmain dominates bitcoin mining. now wants cash artificial intelligence, satoshi nakamoto, bitcoin: peer-topeer electronic cash system, michiel van beirendonck, louis-charles trudeau, pascal giard, and alexios balatsoukas-stimming, lyra fpga core for lyrarev-basedcryptocurrencie, luke parker, the decline bitcoin full nodes, john (jd) douceur, the sybil attack,