the liberated, self-governed ecommerce marketplace contents executive summary ............................................................................. introduction ........................................................................................ gambio market leader ................................................................................... the vision ............................................................................................................... the challenge ......................................................................................................... the solution .......................................................................................................... governance structure ........................................................................ merchant alliance ................................................................................................. council ................................................................................................................. service provider .................................................................................................... marketplace ..................................................................................... marketing traffic generation .............................................................................. competition .......................................................................................................... ratings ................................................................................................................. buyer protection .................................................................................................... big data ............................................................................................................... business model ................................................................................. blockchain technology ...................................................................... profiles ................................................................................................................. membership the merchant alliance .................................................................... membership the council .................................................................................... voting and execution decisions .......................................................................... token economy ................................................................................. membership ......................................................................................................... proposals voting ............................................................................................... contents proposals ............................................................................................................. voting .................................................................................................................. access merchant services ................................................................................. certified gamb vendor ............................................................................... advertisement ................................................................................................ loyalty and reward system ......................................................................... reward systems framework .......................................................................... rating rewards for merchants ..................................................................... rating rewards for consumers ..................................................................... adding value the rating reward system ................................................... payment ............................................................................................................... arbitration ............................................................................................................ partner integration ................................................................................................ token flow ........................................................................................................... token flow for purchasing products services gamb .................................. token flow for governance purposes ..................................................................... token flow for payment service providers ......................................................... pricing model ....................................................................................................... team ................................................................................................ supporters advisors ........................................................................................... token generation event ..................................................................... timeline ............................................................................................................... token information ................................................................................................. token distribution .................................................................................................. use proceeds .................................................................................................... development roadmap ........................................................................................ references ........................................................................................ glossary .......................................................................................... contents executive summary gambio was founded and the german market leader for e-commerce software with more than active merchants using gambio's software, generating annual store revenues more than billion euros (approx. billion u.s. dollars). the company leverages global network strategic partners, including tech and logistic giants such google, klarna and dhl. the company witnessing unprecedented centralization economic power leading tech giants such google, amazon, facebook and apple (gafa). amazon takes the lead with all product searches. globally more than million merchants use the amazon marketplace and underlying services sales channel. centralization commerce real threat online and offline merchants alike. merchants can blocked and voided any services, commerce advertising amazon-like monopoly powers. http://fortune.com//// amazon-copies-merchants/ accessed january cet http://www.cpcstrategy.com/ blog///-amazon-sponsored-products-average-winning-bids-by-category/ accessed january cet this vicious circle centralization power must broken. gambio, with its growing merchant base, unique position lead the industry into sustainable alternative amazon, based open-source software powered blockchain executive summary technology. firmly believe that merchants need empowered order provide the best products and services consumers. for above mentioned and many other reasons, are introducing gamb the global alliance merchants the blockchain. gamb powering the decentralized marketplace the future, ultimately governed smart contracts, with decision making unit other than the owners the marketplace themselves. merchant alliance members (token holders) propose rules and regulations which upon approval can programmed into smart contracts, that transparency, trust and sustainability are guaranteed. the project will executed team professionals with many years experience big scale e-commerce projects, supported multidisciplinary advisory team. executive summary introduction gambio market leader https://trends.builtwith.com/shop/ gambio accessed january cet gambio the market leader for e-commerce software germany, and has long-lasting history generating profitable business the industry. based open-source software, gambio has built thriving ecosystem for merchants that allows the usage industry leading integrations for e-commerce core services such as: payment marketing logistics legal content creation introduction the gambio holding based zug, switzerland has five subsidiaries, and employs more than employees, most them being developers and engineers. the vision gamb's vision become the decentralized marketplace the future, governed smart contracts, and with decision making entity other than the stakeholders. only the merchant alliance members (token holders) will define rules and regulations, and program them into smart contracts, guaranteeing transparency, trust and sustainability. functional portion the the proposed marketplace can deployed within the next months. provided milestones will outlay full decentralization the system afterwards. advancement blockchain technology will accelerate the transition full decentralisation, which will managed organization aligned with the vision gamb. the objective start building the future e-commerce today, without negative impact performance user experience. this can only achieved carefully analyzing all components decentralized marketplace and successfully migrating blockchain environment. the challenge the world witnessing unprecedented centralization economic power leading tech companies such google, introduction amazon, facebook and apple (gafa). bilanz das schweizer wirtschaftsmagazin, "die fatalen vier", january reference address: http://kpiadvisors.net/the-gafa-approach-tobanking/ accessed january cet presently, astonishing all product searches start with either amazon google. every second book the united states sold via amazon, who also controls the e-commerce infrastructure: globally more than million merchants use the amazon marketplace and underlying services sales channel. this market dominating position allows amazon dictate prices and terms and conditions use their services, factually subordinating merchants across the globe. furthermore, the four tech giants are continuing spread virtually every aspect our daily lives, increasing their market power even further. while the convenience beneficial for the consumer, objectivity held back adverse selection processes driven the data pool these companies. introduction https://de.statista.com/statistik/ daten/studie//umfrage/ bruttoinlandsprodukt-bip-in-finnland/ accessed january cet https://www.finanzen.net/aktien/ snapchat-aktie accessed january cet apple alone has accumulated billion dollars cash reserves, amount greater than the expected gross domestic product countries like finland addition, the immense cash reserves the four tech giants intensify the centralization dynamic: competition can simply acquired copied (e.g. facebook copying services from snap, inc. leading decrease company valuation snap within one year), thus accumulating more power adjacent industries depicted figure for online and offline merchants alike, the market position amazon real threat, long the dependence merchants amazon remains unchanged. merchants selling via amazon can blocked and driven out business, successful products can sold directly amazon and prices for advertising drive traffic one's products can dictated. https://www.smartinsights.com/ digital-marketing-strategy/online-retailsales-growth/ accessed may cet while the online share retail trade constantly growing, the power amazon will increase along with the trend. from merchant perspective (third party sellers), amazon has consistently raised fees warehousing and storage costs, well shipping fees. these increases typically occur twice year, and have had tremendously negative effect the margins third-party sellers continually transferring additional expenses onto third party sellers, while more margins are achieved amazon. germany for example, the share online sales has increased from and continuation this trend expected. introduction this vicious circle centralization power must broken. the solution decentralization power the merchants. gambio has developed intuitive all-in-one e-commerce solution. more than years, this open-source software has constantly been improved solve our merchant's needs. today, very flexible and available self-hosted and cloud version. with its growing merchant base more than active online stores unique position lead the industry into sustainable alternative amazon, based open-source software powered blockchain technology. firmly believe that merchants need empowered order provide the best products and the best services consumers. the best alternative decentralized, organized marketplace which will the future controlled merchants themselves. decisions regarding features and services well cost and fee structures will not forced upon merchants anymore. instead, they will decide amongst themselves decentral autonomous organization (dao). the concept merchant alliance serves strong basis build the organizational structure define the marketplace. merchants across the globe become members this alliance and thus participate the decision-making process, simply owning gambio tokens. introduction members are empowered contribute the development the marketplace ecosystem. the merchant alliance initially mandates gambio services service provider execute the decisions, which are not guaranteed. the responsibilities gambio services include, amongst others: maintenance the marketplace; development new shop software features; and selection and qualification strategic partnerships adopting our vision decentralized organized marketplace, merchants continue stay independent, enabling them manage their online shops locally, while ensuring access traffic and consumer demand through deep marketplace integrations, and the membership the merchant alliance globally. integrated interface enables gambio merchants list their products the marketplace, comparable google shopping. future, this will platform agnostic e-commerce solution allow any merchant list their products, regardless the software solution hand. fact, invite and encourage software providers across the globe join our cause and support their customers with the connection this decentralized organized marketplace. introduction governance structure the governance structure one the first features the marketplace that can meaningfully decentralized. the final structure the fully decentralized marketplace comprises three party model consisting the merchant alliance, the council and the merchant alliance service provider (gambio services ag). merchant alliance merchants become members the merchant alliance acquiring and holding tokens. the merchant alliance has two major responsibilities: appointing temporary members the marketplace council; governance structure and submitting proposals and participating votings for the future marketplace development. the merchant alliance organized combining aspects adhocracy and delegative democracy, thus forming framework active decision making while allowing members transfer votes deliberately for specific topics when appears beneficial. smart contract will developed provide the merchants members exercise these responsibilities. read more: https://en.wikipedia. org/wiki/delegative_democracy council the council comprised key stakeholders who are ultimately responsible for the successful development, maintenance and future development the marketplace. members include the initiators the project, merchants, consumer advisors and crypto experts. members gambio group form the core the council and hold the majority the seats order realize their vision decentralized organized marketplace. while the gambio representatives are permanent members, the other stakeholder are term members proposed and elected the merchant alliance. the election term members follows the proposals voting routines gamb. term members are elected for terms, e.g. years. this setup ensures sustainability and reliance well innovation and state the art ideas for the development the marketplace. the council's key responsibility ensure that the long term, governance structure their interests are aligned with that the merchants. therefore, the initial stages, the council has the discretion approve disapprove the merchant alliance's proposals they are conflict with the long term interest the marketplace whole. the option overrule suggestions the merchant alliance will cease exist, once the marketplace operational and successful long term plan has been established. tasks and responsibility the council include, but are not limited to: monitoring global e-commerce market; defining and monitoring marketplace strategy definition initial rules merchant alliance (as part the marketplace launch); being partner the merchant alliance; recommending new marketplace features and enhancements; token management, including token allocation, collection and distribution; re-adjust the overall strategy achieve the long term sustainability the project; and make sure that all decisions are taken democratic manner. service provider gambio services will the mandated merchant alliance service provider who services the marketplace and executes its decisions. tasks and responsibility the service provider include, but are governance structure not limited to: developing, updating and servicing the marketplace software and infrastructure; partner selection, qualification and onboarding accordance with alliance statutes; and finance and controlling (as organizational function). the merchant service provider will remunerated the merchant alliance for the services rendered their behalf. the payment will conducted gambio tokens throughout the transition period years according the token allocation. order assure quick start the project after the token generation event (tge), gambio acts the council. decisions the merchant alliance are specific recommendations, but not have binding character. council described and depicted above will initiated later stage the project. governance structure marketplace the marketplace will the common sales channel the merchant alliance. will developed gambio based open source software. each member the alliance allowed sell products through the marketplace, addition their own offline online store. gambio has merchant base more than active online stores, with gross annual revenue more than billion dollars per year. this ensures the availability products for consumers and jump-starts the drive valuable traffic for merchants from the beginning. consequently, the marketplace will offer solutions the most common pain points for merchants. provides alternatives which otherwise are only accessible through major platforms such amazon, thus avoiding threats the merchant's viability. marketplace marketing traffic generation one the biggest challenges for online merchants the generation traffic basis generate sales. merchant will generate sales fulfills one the following conditions: offers competitively priced product; and/or offers unique product; successful merchants meet both criteria. however the awareness merchant's offer not given, meeting both criteria futile. therefore, the third and most important criteria generate sales visibility, which measured unique visitors. there are many ways generate traffic: search engine optimization (seo) draw more traffic through search engines search engine advertising (pay per click) such google adwords advertisements websites through services such google adsense social media campaigns api generated traffic traditional offline advertising general, generating traffic very expensive competition high. some factors will positively influence the generation traffic: very large product catalogue. the more products you have and the more you can submit search engines and price marketplace http://fortune. com////amazon-copies-merchants/ accessed january cet comparison sites, the higher will the probability generate traffic; unique content; and high customer ratings and growing and happy customer base. the gamb marketplace will focus generating traffic through the above mentioned components. bundling the product catalogue all merchants onto one site, having the greatest offers and the products with most demand, gambio's marketplace will generate relevant traffic fast. further, gamb will partner with traffic suppliers win-win basis. traffic will deep and relevant and convert into sales for merchants, which after all the primary goal: the generations sales the merchants the merchant alliance. additionally, gamb plans incentivize established traffic sources with token allocation provide for traffic that allows order generation cost below approximately the average basket value. further, plans are place incentivize the consumer providing tokens orders with basket value above certain value, e.g. above usd. these tokens facilitate transactions for goods possible discount. the marketplace plans allocate the total number tokens marketing and traffic supporting activities. competition some the biggest marketplaces globally fulfill the role both platform and merchants, thus entering into competition with their marketplace own clientbase. due their market power, these marketplaces drive merchants out business when copying successful products and undercutting prices. ratings gamb recognizes the importance trusted ratings part consumers' buying decisions. the same time, important for merchants receive additional information about consumers (e.g. return quota). therefore planned implement mutual rating system that based real purchases only (please refer "loyalty and reward system"). rating both buyers and merchants will incentivized with token rewards and the average weight their rating will based the credibility and past ratings the buyer/merchant. buyer protection strong argument for the usage payment providers such paypal their buyer protection plan. the protection plans protect consumers against fraudulent activities damage during shipping. most these protection plans cover only the purchase physical goods, but rarely services purchased online. strategic partnership extend consumer protection was signed cover both physical and virtual purchases. via the mentioned partnership, guaranteeing full coverage all eligible payments option. marketplace big data the current centralization power accelerated the unbalanced availability information. marketplaces like amazon collect tremendous amounts information about the lifestyle, habits and other personal preferences regarding products and logistics their clients. amazon uses this know-how strengthen their competitive advantage. gamb believes that information should shared order improve the competitive positioning many merchants contrast single entity, such amazon. therefore, information will made available the merchant alliance according data protection laws. the general data protection regulation (gdpr) will taken into consideration protect and empower all buyers data privacy. marketplace business model the marketplace adapts proven revenue streams taken from the business model the underlying gambio group. the revenue streams can categorized according to: recurrence: marketplace sales fees percent shopping cart value; and transactions: payment transactions percent shopping cart value. both revenue streams are proven and widely established the global e-commerce community. order boost the operations the marketplace, the council charges merchants competitive sales fee percentage the transaction value. depending the payment method choice the consumer, fiat payment transaction fee percentage the transaction value applies. the payment both fees facilitated merchants using gmb tokens. gmb tokens are frictionless and fully integrated the gamb ecosystem and not require intermediary. thus, gmb transactions are efficient and can trusted. the gmb fees are deducted from the merchants wallet. additionally, the marketplace maintains various revenue share agreements with partners for promotion products the user base the marketplace. practical example includes consumer voucher integration the post-checkout page every transaction. upon redemption these vouchers the consumer, commission will paid. business model blockchain technology the initial use-case for blockchain technology will for the merchant alliance membership well the governance structure the marketplace. the following functions will implemented blockchain technology: profiles (merchant profile, customer profile, investors/token holder profile); membership (in the merchant alliance, the council); and proposal handling and execution decisions (e.g. budgets). the advantage blockchain technology absolute transparency and immutability records which prevent the risk manipulation individual records. the ability smart contracts execute predetermined actions based the occurrence predefined events, increases the predictability for participants the ecosystem. consequently, the ecosystem builds trust and confidence with its stakeholders. blockchain technology profiles there will different profiles available, including merchant and members the council. each profile has set attributes linked which allows unique classification participants the ecosystem. merchant profiles for example are identified via unique link e-commerce store and the listed products the marketplace. membership the merchant alliance the membership the merchant alliance based merchant profile and the holding gmb tokens (the required quantity will determined close the launch the marketplace). merchants will incentivized stack their gmb tokens and hold them since based predefined tiered-scale, the more tokens merchants holds, the less commision deducted for each individual sale they make. the blockchain technology enables transparent and fully accessible register members. the amount tokens merchants hold part the alliance can also traced the blockchain. register the basis for the voting process and therefore needs tamper proof, order avoid manipulations. membership the council the council has very important role the ecosystem and therefore needs absolutely trustworthy. council member holds significant responsibility for the long-term success the market- blockchain technology place. members will remunerated for serving the council. the remuneration will proposed and aligned with the merchant alliance via the gamb proposal and voting routine. the members the council will remunerated with tokens collected the council via its sales and proposal fees. important have transparent and immutable register that lists the members and their past decisions and voting patterns. the availability this information requirement for the remuneration the members (e.g. smart contract based assessment council performance, voted members the merchant alliance). voting and execution decisions blockchain based voting and vote counting protect all participants against double voting malicious counting and therefore builds trust the results. traditional organizational forms, decision once taken and approved, might still not executed due governance issues. blockchain based smart contracts can ensure that decision executed. example could new feature that should developed. the smart contract will release the budgeted funds only the required quota the voting has been achieved. another use case could the aforementioned remuneration members the ecosystem, e.g. members the council, which can only released their work approved the members the merchant alliance via majority vote. gamb will analyze and possibly migrate additional marketplace features onto blockchain technology the future, but currently not see the benefits. storing e.g. product lists blockchain might result poor performance the marketplace whole. evolution blockchain technology will monitored blockchain technology closely. future functionality under consideration blockchain based payment function and blockchain based reward system (please refer reward system and payment below). closely. future functionality that consider implementing blockchain based payment function and blockchain based reward system (please refer reward system and payment below). blockchain technology token economy the gamb token economy has been developed order promote the inception new e-commerce ecosystem with added value. use cases the gmb token were thoroughly identified create thriving ecosystem with sustainable benefits for its participants. therefore, the gmb token has been designed facilitate the initiation conclusion transaction for good service well contribution the gamb marketplace. the token has claim the issuer and targeted the main driving forces the decentralized organized marketplace ecosystem: merchants customers token holders developer community membership each merchant, regardless what e-commerce software used, can become member the merchant alliance, simply acquiring and owning tokens. merchants will assigned merchant which combined with the blockchain token address the merchant and its unique user name, constitutes the unique identifier enabling the membership the merchant alliance. token economy proposals voting for the sake clarity, the herein described proposal and voting routines apply only the marketplace platform, e.g. they can applied voting best new features develop. they are not related the associated legal entity, its board shareholders. proposals each member the merchant alliance able propose topics for voting the marketplace platform. the merchant alliance grows important establish mechanism that ensures only serious proposals can voted for. there are two ways ensure this: minimum deposit tokens. the time proposal introduced, the member has deposit amount tokens. the tokens get refunded when the proposal reaches the minimum quota and accepted. case the quota not achieved, the deposit will transferred the council stored and re-introduced the token economy. the value the deposit can changed from the default value the merchant alliance through another proposal. forum pre-proposals order stimulate participation, the marketplace features reddit-style forum which ideas and proposals for e.g. new marketplace functionalities can described, discussed and promoted discarded among members the alliance. each member registered and can vote for against proposals. the forum pre-proposal allows for informal sounding ideas without the need deposit tokens. only the proposals with the most token economy votes enter the official voting process. thus, the merchant alliance receives only relevant proposals, not all proposals will receive sufficient support enter the official proposal process. the number proposals are defined the merchant alliance. the number proposals can changed from the default value the merchant alliance following the above-mentioned proposal process. both options are freely available members the merchant alliance. the amount tokens owned the merchant combined with his relative turnover gamb defines the relative weight the proposal. voting voting vital aspect the marketplace governance model. order ensure the functioning the ecosystem and ensure that the ecosystem does not provide unfair advantage financially strong merchants, gamb created balanced voting mechanism. each merchant has many voting rights the merchant alliance the number gmb tokens holds, but not more than the (projected) annual turnover gamb. the beginning the the turnover level will low and therefore adjusted with the same factor for all merchants. this feature ensures that merchants who are active gamb are incentivized. the merchant alliance reviews and defines the voting conditions. voting takes place over predefined period. the end the token economy period, the voting will closed and automatically assessed whether the required quota has been achieved. the quota has been achieved, the result and the content will transferred the council for consideration, e.g. mandate the merchant alliance service provider program certain marketplace feature. the quota has not been reached, further actions are required. quiet period could implemented avoid having the same re-established immediately. either way, the result will recorded the blockchain. the duration proposal period can changed through proposal the merchant alliance. simple majority votes all that needed for proposal passed, unless other quotas are defined according the rules the merchant alliance. the voting procedure also incentive contribute towards the development the ecosystem borrowing voting rights. active participants are able benefit receiving tokens return. affiliate program gamb identified traffic generation one the challenges for today's marketplaces. therefore, gamb introduces affiliate program for traffic sources send quality traffic the marketplace. these traffic sources are incentivized revenue sharing agreement with gamb e.g. the generated sales volume. the affiliate fee will paid the merchant alliance (initially the council) gmb tokens. traffic sources can decide whether they prefer keep the tokens convert them into fiat currency. the affiliate program wants maximize traffic from high quality sources and therefore increases the revenue share token economy e.g. all sales the monthly sales volume above e.g. eur. refer-a-friend program gamb creates refer-a-friend program for buyers. buyers will receive e.g. back gmb tokens the transaction value purchases made their friends. this incentivizes buyers share their purchases with their social network, which gamb will facilitate simply enabling the sharing purchase e.g. facebook, instagram, twitter, pinterest through links shown right after the checkout-page. this refer-a-friend program will help gamb grow the ecosystem organically and the the buyers receive incentivizes them share. further, increase the use this program, gamification the program with e.g. virtual badges appropriate tool. example such gamification could be: the buyer receives gamb friend badge with the first share, the share gets the buyer the gamb ambassador badge, etc. buyers can display their badges profile page the links they share showing their purchases. the higher level badges also give the buyers slightly higher percentage e.g. from the transaction value back gmb their friends purchases (again further incentivize usage "super buyers"). access merchant services gambio has excellent partnerships with leading players the token economy e-commerce industry. among them e.g. klarna, large payment service provider. due aggregated buying power, preferable conditions can offered for using the merchant services. merchants who joined the alliance can access these services and profit from preferable rates. these services and preferable rates are listed below: working capital financing; lower payment fees; attractive marketing fees; and preferable conditions for integrated partner services (e.g. seals quality, shipping solutions and legal certificates, erp integrations,...). the following link provides list gambio partners: https://www.gambio.com/partners.html merchants are required member the merchant alliance and hold least one token access these services. they are enabled use the selected services their underlying shopping cart software. certified gamb vendor supplier program the gamb ecosystem ensures high quality products and services offered its merchants. vendors have qualify and become certified gamb prior selling the merchant alliance. vendors the supplier program offer gamb merchants needed services run their business, e.g. third-party fulfillment providers, token economy freight logistics, shippers, graphic designers, product developers, etc. participating vendors agree offering their products and services gamb merchants discount (due gambio's aggregated buying power), and return receive gmb tokens. this provides gamb merchants with the added benefit access high-quality service providers, while increasing their individual bottom lines through the savings achieved using the services these certified providers. merchants are required member the merchant alliance and hold gmb tokens access these services. they are enabled use the selected services their underlying shopping cart software. advertisement part the transaction based revenue streams, gamb enables merchants pay gmb run flash promoted deals the marketplace. these deals last for short period time (either hours, daily promotion). merchants can pay gmb advertise related products within the site order promote cross-selling opportunities prior check-out. fees for the above, the future, are decided the voting governance model. loyalty and reward system the loyalty and reward system designed increase the attractiveness the marketplace product portfolio, while intensifying activity the marketplace. rewards will earned gmb tokens. token economy reward system framework active contributors the marketplace receive rewards. gamb develops loyalty program especially for consumers who purchase goods and services the marketplace. gamb implements bonus discount the sales price they are purchasing goods the marketplace. customers who lock-in store certain amount gmb tokens will rewarded with loyalty benefit. for example: customer locks-in stores eur tokens receive back purchases free shipping alternative. this would create more loyal customers (amazon prime customers spend substantially more and shop much more frequently than non-prime customers), and would also serve shrink the supply gmb tokens (almost serving mini-masternodes) which should help their value. the merchant alliance and initially the council will pay out the equivalent the loyalty program consumers gmb tokens. the consumer uses tokens which may serve means facilitate transactions for goods possible discount. the tokens not give rise claim the issuer. the marketplace will enabled design specific programs for consumers redeem their tokens. thus, consumers and merchants strengthen their relationship with the marketplace and support the long-term growth the ecosystem. rating rewards for merchants the marketplace becomes attractive for consumers when there choice, when the products offered are high quality, appealing token economy wide audience and priced competitively. therefore, merchants earn tokens when the product offered priced cheaper compared other marketplaces like amazon according employed price comparison logic. for every sale that realized via the marketplace, the merchant receives tokens. another major challenge for merchants assess the "quality customers". therefore, customer's score model based return quotas and track records will implemented. having rating customers during the checkout process enables dynamic pricing model, that customers with high scores can offered free shipping incentive and loyalty consideration. merchants will asked rate the buying experience with customers, return for tokens. rating rewards for consumers fundamental trust engine e-commerce are proven and shared experiences consumers. the gambio marketplace incentivizes consumers with validated transactions share their experience via: product ratings merchant ratings for each rating, the consumer receives tokens. the quality and usefulness ratings for other consumers can differ dramatically, high quality reviews (manifested other consumers approving the helpfulness rating) receive additional tokens depending how many consumers found rating helpful. token economy adding value the rating reward system the rating reward system will only issue tokens merchant and consumer both parties have rated the mutual shopping experience. the system matches purchases and ratings will only visible, once both parties have rated the experience. only then tokens will distributed merchant and consumer. payment the usage gmb tokens facilitates the payment goods and services the gamb marketplace. the gmb tokens can used merchants and consumers alike. while merchants use gmb pay marketplace and transactions fees, consumers can use tokens the entire gamb ecosystem acquire goods and services with discounts. these discounts are available exclusively for customers paying with gmb and are not available any other form. the discounts stemming from payment with gmb are equalized the council's token balance initially. this responsibility will transferred the merchant alliance along with the token management the ecosystem gmb tokens thus promote cross-selling for recurring customers and strengthen the marketplace whole. general, payment one the key processes e-commerce and associated fees can contribute more than the total sales price offered consumers. with crypto currencies, these costs can reduced dramatically and eventually made obsolete. token economy therefore, gamb intends integrate partner crypto payment gateway order enable merchants the acceptance cryptocurrencies. transfer into fiat money should possible real-time order avoid volatility for risk-averse merchants. the partner choice has hold the required approvals and licenses according the regulatory framework. arbitration incentivized arbitration solution will set the platform apart from competitors. this can also add the "self-governance" ethos the project. users the platform can enroll arbitrators and receive tokens return for rendering assistance resolve disputes. this can self-regulatory well, that arbitrators can rated merchants and customers based the quality the service provided. based their "scores" arbitrators will rise seniority and customers merchants are dissatisfied with the outcome, they will able escalate their case another arbitrator who can review the case. the matter still not resolved, the final decision will left vote council arbitrators. the merchant alliance will use the voting process define the arbitration rules well the personal constitution the arbitration body. partner integration the gamb ecosystem strengthened the expansion strategic partner network. the gmb token meant attract and onboard the most important partners the network. partners can token economy offered exclusivity for their service e.g. certain verticals over specific period time. also, they can awarded with tokens stemming from the treasury pool. thus, long-term engagement and alignment interest with partners can ensured. partner opportunity categories could include: personal ata marketplaces (eg. airbloc); line credit providers; identity providers; arbitration agencies; and kyc/aml service providers. developer community the gmb token facilitates the creation active and self-governing developer ecosystem based gamb's open-source framework. the developer community will rewarded gmb tokens for developing improvements and enhancements for the existing marketplace software well for the development new features, plugins and add-ons independently from the gamb core development team. the council together with the merchant alliance defines number tokens, which will distributed among the developer community allocated for this purpose monthly basis. the allocation tokens will based set kpis representing the usability the code. the developers are incentivized use the tokens the gamb ecosystem e.g. for purchasing goods services. priority will first given developers who can add value developing add-ons three key areas: regional payment gateway providers (crypto fiat), token economy regional shipping and postal carrier integration. third party api integrations the gamb community will responsible for the maintenance, support and development application programming interface (api) which will make the marketplace available existing workflows. this will also have direct impact increasing the overall marketplace traffic. gamb ensures the stability, interoperability and security the ecosystem token economy token flow token flow for purchasing products services gamb: customer selects product service. during the checkout, the customer can decide pay fiat currency, orvz tokens, partially tokens and partially fiat. concludes the transaction gamb and transfers fiat and/or tokens the merchant account. successful sale gamb triggers automatic deduction sales fee, that only the sales price minus the sales fee transferred into the merchant account. the sales fee has paid gmb tokens and will automatically deducted from the merchant wallet and transferred into the council wallet. the merchant participates the gmb loyalty scheme, the customer will rewarded gmb tokens for the purchase. the merchant determines e.g. token reward based the shopping cart value (comparable existing cash back programs). the reward tokens are automatically transferred from the merchant's token balance the customer wallet after successful and validated transaction. token economy once sale completed, merchant and customer are requested rate their experience. upon completion the rating, the council distributes rating reward gmb tokens the merchant and customer. token flow for governance purposes: gmb tokens facilitate the governance processes gamb they are required for voting. merchant formulates proposal and wants the merchant alliance vote for it. the merchant interested fast voting routine, deposits gmb tokens the council wallet start the process. each member the merchant alliance can vote for against the proposal. the number tokens merchant's token balance equal the number votes can submit. members the merchant alliance can borrow tokens from other merchants transfer their voting rights for specific votings. the borrower returns the tokens the lender and adds the agreed number additional tokens after the voting peri- token economy has ended. the proposal achieves the predetermined quota, the initially provided deposit returned the merchant. the proposal does not achieve the quote, the token deposit increases the council's token balance. token flow for payment service providers: gmb tokens facilitate the payment for service providers the gamb ecosystem. the council engages the gamb service provider render service and negotiates price gmb tokens. the service provider fulfills the task and invoices his services the council. the council settles the invoice gmb tokens and transfers the tokens the service provider wallet. important note that claim can ever arise the council the issuer the gmb gmb tokens and that under circumstance will the issuer the gmb tokens the council guarantee acceptance the gmb tokens. the gmb tokens may facilitate the initiation conclusion transactions for the purchase token economy good services but the council's discretion whether the gmb tokens shall accepted initiate conclude transactions means payment for good services. pricing model are aware that the concept decentralized organized marketplace has different stakeholders with various interests. while participants might interested value creation which reflected increase the token price public exchanges, gamb focuses merchants who are interested stability and sustainable operations the marketplace. merchants pay for services the marketplace tokens, they are highly exposed price increases due stronger public demand gmb tokens. order limit the exposure for merchants, implement pricing function, which ensures stable token economy prices within the ecosystem the marketplace. the price services the marketplace tokens linked the price development tokens specific crypto exchange. additionally, intend implement token buy back mechanism that controlled the merchant alliance. soon the marketplace generates profits, portion the profits can allocated acquire gmb tokens, order realize the gamb vision. initially, the council will decide the usage execute the vision. useful examples include e.g. investments the development the marketplace, the acquisition companies adding value the marketplace the option reduce the fee structure for period time. the token buy back mechanism strong tool create continuous demand exchanges, creating volume and price development. token economy team the gambio team consists more than employees across various functions. over all employees work development and support functions. the team established and ready continue with the realization the project. the project will led the following persons: luis krug chief executive officer luis one europe's e-commerce pioneers, having started his first company age founder redcoon, e-commerce retail project that invoiced over eur annual turnover, luis knows how start and scale e-commerce related projects. has also participated rebelio, buyvip and pixmania. since runs the technological incubator incubout out barcelona, having invested more than digital startups. his current portfolio includes projects such kinoheld.de, edit.org and comandia.com. luis holds business administration and msc. information systems from depaul university chicago. team emrah hizarci chief technology officer emrah one europe's leading e-commerce tech experts having built several e-commerce frameworks that have processed over billion euro annual turnover. currently, partner the technological incubator and framework builder incubout. emrah the lead architect behind the saas based software frameworks comandia (www.comandia.com), shopator (www. shopator.com) and yeebah (www.yeebah.com); which together host over online shops worldwide. emrah holds bachelor degree computer science from marmara university. team the project will supported the following persons: daniel schnadt managing director gambio gmbh since the age daniel has operated several online shops and worked contractor e-commerce. consultant for different companies from this sector. founded gambio addition these activities, studied business administration for three years. nonito capuno managing director gambio gmbh the age nonito capuno developed ide software for web designers. it-specialist training, acted developer and technical consultant for several elearning- and e-commerce-projects. founded gambio furthermore, co-founder "brille.de" and helped lay the technical foundation for what today europe's biggest online-optician. denis scheller business development gambio services denis experienced business development manager with more than ten years expertise the information technology and fintech industry. entrepreneur, denis built marketplace for private financial products. prior working gambio, was acting business developer and authorized representative listed swiss fintech company, responsible for the development and growth. team supporters advisors eric sarasin eric has more than years professional banking experience, working for bank safra sarasin, citi and pictet. holds various board positions amongst atag family office and active private equity investor. until eric was the president the german-swiss chamber commerce for years. further, supports numerous philanthropic foundations switzerland and abroad. katalin tischhauser katalin had -year career investment banking, working for goldman sachs, sbc warburg, citigroup. ms. tischhauser served director monetas and ceo tokenvision, swiss advisory boutique focused blockchain technology and crypto assets. she has over twenty years experience helping startups grow right. katalin mathematician, economist and harvard mba. dr. luka muller dr. luka muller legal partner mme legal switzerland. provides assistance companies the technology and financial sectors with focus blockchain technology. focuses financing acquisition and restructuring cases. expert regulatory compliance, anti-money laundering, anti-corruption and judicial assistance. team frank bodin mr. bodin served until recently the chairman ceo havas switzerland and chairman the global creative council havas. president the adc switzerland and board member communications switzerland (ks/cs). received innumerable awards and was advertiser the year. mr. bodin studied music the zurich conservatory and law the university zurich. matthias hunecke matthias serial entrepreneur. already during his school days, founded his first company, which sold years later with turnover more than million euros. then founded other successful companies, including the brille group, which made the largest online optician for prescription glasses europe and sold the majority also works business angel, board member the business angel weserems-bremen, board member the university oldenburg accelerator "venturelab" and advises companies financial transactions. dr. felix hotzinger felix began his career investment analyst with polytechnos venture partners, eurm pan-european fund. founder and co-founder many tech companies and supports several well known companies board member including the supervisory board bnp paribas cardif. felix holds degrees maths, physics, finance and business from lmu munich, university wales, university nitra and team frankfurt school finance and management. has the theoretical aptitude run bank according abs. kwg, debt collection company according abs. rdg and certified rating advisor. alexander shulgin mr. shulgin russian celebrity with more than years investment and venture capital experience. shulgin indemand speaker the subject cryptocurrency and also runs several venture capital funds that increasingly focus blockchain and crypto-currency investments. team token generation event timeline private sale closed pre-sale july july public sale none token information token symbol gmb token classification utility token token platform ethereum token standard erc- soft cap usd hard cap usd pre-sale bonus token price gmb eth* token supply ,,, gmb accepted currencies eth token generation minimum investment eth excluded countries algeria, bangladesh, bolivia, china, ecuador, ethiopia, hong kong, indonesia, iran, iraq, jordan, kyrgyzstan, macau, morocco, nepal, north korea, serbia, sri lanka, syria, taiwan, trinidad and tobago, tunisia, united states, vanuatu, yemen *gamb allocated security buffer the amount tokens allocated for distribution during the token generating event. thus, protect ourselves against price changes ethereum. will only sell tokens worth $,,. all tokens that will not sell will shared with all contributers, the end everybody will get more tokens than they bought. also, the sale include bonuses and affiliate tokens. token generation distrubution the generated tokens will distributed among the following categories. tokens reserved for the team and advisors are vested over period two years: advisors team marketplace development marketing public sale operations token generation proceeds the proceeds the token generation event are intended used for the following: legal operations marketplace development marketing sales the treasury tokens are used sustain the long term vision the decentral marketplace. the planned allocation is: token generation operations development bounty internationalization, sales marketing partner engagement engineering development marketplace connector shop systems and marketplaces blockchain based governance system for merchant alliance development core marketplace functionality roll out domestic markets extension marketplace features token generation roadmap the following timeline displays the planned timeline for the development our decentral marketplace. quartal milestone ico successfully closed release: name and brand marketplace opening pre-registration for merchants closed alpha: definition and product search engine mvp open beta: product search engine mvp release: product search engine the product search engine the core the marketplace reflects the catalogue structure the merchant product base. the main challenge harmonize the data structures products that are repetitive from different merchants. will build product search feature that rewards merchants who submit complete and clean product datasets onto the product search engine. further, will incentivize merchants who enrich the datasets listed products. unlike other current marketplaces, our product search engine, will have accurate and complete datasets including descriptions and images. release: marketplace connector api the connector will enable merchants push products and stock levels onto the marketplace product token generation search engine real time and seamless experience. will provide predefined hardcoded api that will connect with simple api-keys partnering shopsystems (initially with the gambio solution). will however also provide open source api pack for anyone integrate own connector customized third party shopsystems. resume: our api structure will borderless and open any merchant. release: merchant alliance governance backend mvp release beta: marketplace mvp (product search order management) the release the mvp will include fully functioning transactional marketplace german and english. closed group test consumers will able place purchases against test set products from selected beta merchants. the mvp will include payment gateways and carrier options. will also include fully functioning return order management system. release: marketplace right time for blackfriday and christmas season will release the full marketplace the public. will enhanced additional payment gateways and additional carrier options for the dach market. will launch with minimum set stock keeping units (sku). token generation onboarding spanish merchants and expansion into spain onboarding french merchants and expansion into france onboarding merchant base poland, italy and onboarding merchant base sweden, denmark, netherland and belgium onboarding merchant base turkey malaysia expansion partner network token generation references addady, michael: merchants say amazon copying their products. http://fortune.com////amazon-copies-merchants/ (accessed january builtwith(r) pty ltd: gambio usage statistics, websites using gambio. https://trends.builtwith.com/shop/gambio (accessed january chaffey, dave: forecast growth percentage online retail ecommerce sales. https://www.smartinsights. com/digital-marketing-strategy/online-retail-salesgrowth (accessed may johnson, tara: the amazon average cpc category report. http://www.cpcstrategy.com/ blog///-amazon-sponsored-products-average-winning-bids-by-category (accessed january kowalsky, marc: die fatalen vier. in: bilanz das schweizer wirtschaftsmagazin, january prillo, gustavo: the gafa approach banking. http:// kpiadvisors.net/the-gafa-approach-to-banking/ (accessed january statista: finnland: bruttoinlandsprodukt (bip) jeweiligen preisen von bis (in milliarden us-dollar). https://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie// references umfrage/bruttoinlandsprodukt-bip-in-finnland (accessed january finanzen.net: snap aktie. https://www.finanzen.net/aktien/ snapchat-aktie (accessed january various: delegative democracy. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ delegative_democracy (accessed january references glossary dao decentral autonomous organization gafa google, amazon, facebook and apple sem search engine marketing seo search engine optimization tge token generation event united states vote votes are equal the number tokens owned. voting rights voting rights apply only the marketplace platform during voting processes. they are not related the associated legal entity, its board shareholders. glossary issued power the merchants ltd., level (office /), quantum house, abate rigord street, ta' xbiex xbx malta