flip white paper version november legal disclaimer: the flip token sale only available purchasers who are: (i) not "u.s. persons" (as defined regulation under the u.s. securities act amended) and not purchasing for the account benefit any u.s. persons and (ii) eligible purchase flip tokens under the applicable laws each such purchaser's jurisdiction. crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods executive summary this whitepaper describes new decentralized ecosystem where digital goods all gaming platforms mobile, pc, console, and vr/ar can sold liquid assets using trustless (i.e., fully secure) smart contracts executing blockchain technology. the digital goods transactions will take place using crypto-token called "flip". the new decentralized ecosystem founded gameflip, venture-backed technology company which operates robust digital goods marketplace with millions users. gameflip corporation based silicon valley, california, usa. the company managed gaming industry experts with decades combined experience, and funded top tier venture capital investors. established gameflip has already been the forefront addressing the largely unmet demand for liquidity for digital goods. prior the advent blockchain technology, have already built the most comprehensive centralized digital goods marketplace platform and have witnessed tremendous growth the platform for the last two years. now, with blockchain technology, our new decentralized ecosystem will enable ubiquitous liquidity for digital goods, unlocking exponentially more value for the gaming market and its participants. decentralized networks, economic value and governance are distributed among the network participants, not concentrated single organization. here, the participants are primarily game developers, publishers and gamers, plus digital goods marketplaces, transaction enablers, and other contributors. this ecosystem, economic value distributed among all participants, ensuring that they are compensated for the value they bring. crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods the new decentralized ecosystem will create tremendous benefits for both gamers and game developers and publishers. (in this white paper, sometimes refer game developers and publishers together "game publishers".) gamers will have unprecedented flexibility buy, sell and trade the digital goods the peer-to-peer level (i.e, with other gamers), unlocking significant value for gamers from their hard-earned digital goods. importantly, they will transact zero-fraud environment, one that never existed before the availability blockchain technology. game developers and publishers will generate significantly more revenue for number reasons: first, the new ecosystem encourages gamers purchase substantially more digital goods, and higher prices, than they today, knowing that they can recoup their investments later selling them freely and securely large liquid marketplace. second, game publishers will enjoy brand new revenue stream whenever gamers transact using blockchain smart contracts, game publishers will receive commission. third, under our unique network growth model, game publishers that help drive adoption flip will rewarded handsomely with tangible economic benefits described more fully later this white paper. the importance the point above the tangible benefits for game publishers cannot underestimated. game publishers will play very key role this ecosystem, and each game publisher will have choose which crypto-token(s) adopt. flip the only crypto-token with ecosystem with built-in, concrete, and generous benefits for game publishers. such, are confident that flip will adopted quickly and will emerge the dominant crypto-token for the gaming industry. indeed, the new ecosystem will likely create paradigm shift for the gaming industry. demands for digital goods will increase, gamers will gain trust the network and buy and trade more, multiplier effects will kick in, and the overall market will grow exponentially. studies have estimated that gaming revenue will grow billion but that number does not even include the trading digital goods the blockchain. estimate that the value digital goods transactions via the gameflip decentralized ecosystem, using flip, will eventually top billion. crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods table contents executive summary table contents the market overview direct-from-publisher digital goods vs. gamer-earned digital goods the opportunity unmet demand sell digital goods limited and problematic existing marketplaces our company gameflip company background gameflip team overview gameflip team member bios flip advisory board members investors gameflip investor representatives the existing gameflip platform the solution flip token and decentralized ecosystem overview flip implementation using ethereum and erc- roadmap business model economic model network growth model technical considerations the "trusted providers" listing game items "for sale" blockchain purchasing items using smart contract publishers can customize and control game integration smart wallets and decentralization benefits for game publishers and gamers gamers game publishers crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods token crowdsale and distribution pricing distribution token pre-sale token main sale other tokens use proceeds crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods the market overview the global gaming market enormous. according newzoo's latest study, billion gamers will generate billion game revenues this represents increase billion, .%, from the year before. the growth will continue, with revenues projected billion. within the global gaming market, digital game revenues account for about billion the free-to-play model gameplay, with revenue derived from the sale digital goods, has emerged the dominant framework. for example, supercell, the maker mobile games like clash royale and clash clans, generated billion sales even though gamers can play supercell's games for free, they purchased billion digital goods level and compete with each other. https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-will-reach---billion-in--with-mobile-taking-/ https://venturebeat.com////clash-royale-clash-of-clans-push-supercell-to---billion-in--revenue/ crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods direct-from-publisher digital goods vs. gamer-earned digital goods figure .(a) direct-from-publisher digital goods the estimated billion digital game revenues newzoo's study comprised only the digital goods sold game publishers directly gamers. under the dominant free-to-play model, these direct-from-publisher digital goods typically take the form "keys" "consumables": example (figure .(a) above) gamer purchases "key", and then uses the key unlock "mystery box" that acquired the course playing. inside the mystery box, would find digital goods like weapons, armors, cosmetic skins. another example, instead using key unlock the mystery box, the mystery box would simply unlock itself, except that would take time and the gamer would need wait many hours even days. there, the gamer may purchase "consumables", like gold coins, and then would pay the gold coins accelerate the waiting time. these are most often mystery boxes the sense that the digital goods released will random, based probability. this has proven the most successful monetization technique for free-to-play games. crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods gamer-earned digital goods indicated the example above, the gamer did not purchase the weapons, armors, cosmetic skins directly from the game publisher. purchased the key directly, but had earn the rest (i.e., acquire the mystery boxes playing through the game, leveling up, and/or defeating other gamers monster bosses). further, because the randomness built into the mystery boxes, chances are that would need invest lot time, efforts, and money order acquire and unlock many mystery boxes before finally earns the desired and rare digital goods. for gamers, these earned digital goods carry significant intrinsic values. depending their rarity, some them can become very expensive, and examples from games include the following: cs:go, stattrak bayonet doppler skin sold for $,; and dota pink ethereal flame wardog sold for $,. large the dollar figures newzoo's study are, they not fully reflect the potential gamer-earned digital goods. this potential cannot understated. gamer-earned digital goods are significant because: (i) due the need balance free-to-play games, the volume gamer-earned digital goods much higher than direct-from-publisher digital goods; (ii) these gamer-earned digital goods aggregate within the game economy; (iii) trading gamer-earned digital goods within single game core gameplay feature required advance; and (iv) gamer-earned digital goods, average, are worth lot more than direct-from-publisher digital goods. gameflip, have been witnessing first hand the rapid growth this market, and estimate that will eventually eclipse the market for direct-from-publisher digital goods, especially with the adoption the new decentralized ecosystem. the potential market for the trading gamer-earned digital goods trillion dollar opportunity. http://read.navi-gaming.com/en/team_news/rarest_and_expensive_knives https://www.engadget.com////dota--pink-war-dog-courier-sells-for--/ crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods the opportunity the digital goods market large despite the fact that the current ecosystem far from optimal. while healthy revenue generated from the sale direct-from-publisher digital goods, the huge potential from liquid market for gamer-earned digital goods remains untapped (and the latter could also create more opportunities for direct-from-publisher digital goods). gamer-earned digital goods aggregate over time, and they tend not degrade. yet, most cases, gamers cannot cash them out for value all, resulting tremendous loss them eventually. from gamers' perspective: they have huge demand for the ability sell their digital goods for value (i.e., for liquidity), but this demand has been largely unmet date. the extent small subset digital goods from handful games can currently traded, most marketplaces are problematic and non-transparent, and fraud prevalent. from game publishers' perspective, while this may not "problem" per se, the existing environment obviously suboptimal for them: without readily available liquid markets for gamer-earned digital goods, game publishers are selling much smaller amount digital goods than they otherwise could, will explain further below. with respect some marketplaces that exist today, game publishers not receive any benefits all from the transactions that take place there. the contrary, the all-too-often fraudulent transactions cost the game publishers their gamers, the defrauded gamers are likely leave the game. unmet demand sell digital goods currently, most digital goods are locked within single game. gamers may have spent hundreds thousands dollars keys unlock mystery boxes, plus countless hours playing time earn rare digital goods. however, when they eventually stop playing that game, the value all their investments will zero, for they cannot sell any these digital goods, nor can they transfer their crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods investments another game (except with very limited exceptions within single platform). the demand able sell digital goods huge, but far this demand has been largely unmet. figure currently, most digital goods are locked within single game, with liquidity. limited and problematic existing marketplaces with respect small subset digital goods (e.g., those from games like cs:go, dota and hz, etc.), certain markets exist where gamers can sell them for cash. these markets include (a) forums, (b) steam community market, and (c) third party trading sites. however, each these markets present its own challenges, and gamers face significant friction when they transact there. forums market some gamers buy and sell digital goods forums (e.g., reddit), which are unofficial marketplaces. key drawback, however, that gamers "trade their own risk" there. these forums not offer the buyers sellers any protection. fraud prevalent. seller may simply not deliver the item after crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods receiving payment. alternatively, buyer may pay via paypal, but then file for chargeback after has received the item, leaving the seller empty handed. scamming scenarios when buying and selling forums seller sends the digital goods but buyer does not send the funds files chargeback. buyer sends the funds but seller does not send the digital goods sends the wrong digital goods figure gamers buy sell their own risk forums steam community market valve corporation's multiplayer gaming platform, steam, operates community market trading platform where gamers can sell and buy digital goods for games like cs:go, dota and team fortress steam robust gaming platform, and whole generated billion revenue although revenue for the community market itself not available, appears very active market with hundreds thousands postings any given time. this official marketplace where gamers transact using steam wallet, there are fewer problems with fraud than the unofficial forums above mentioned. nonetheless, the steam community market still has substantial shortcomings: does not offer sellers any real cash out all. after seller has received payment into his steam wallet, can only use the steam wallet for other games the steam platform. cannot convert anything real cash. https://www.statista.com/statistics//steam-game-sales-revenue/ crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods steam imposes high transaction fee, much third party trading sites number third party trading sites have attempted address some the above issues. these sites connect steam and facilitate transactions for the same digital goods, except that gamers can sell them for actual cash. opskins, the largest and probably oldest marketplace this category, performs well financially, reportedly processing much worth transactions day. class, however, many these third-party trading sites are problematic themselves: many them operate with transparency into their owners and managers. number them were allegedly associated with supporting illegal gambling, and many allegedly operate with questionable tactics. they only support steam digital goods, leaving the problem with much the gaming digital goods universe unsolved. https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/wnj/heres-how-you-make--in-profit-a-day-selling-virtual-guns https://www.polygon.com/////counter-strike-csgo-illegal-gambling-lawsuit-weapon-skins-valve crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods our company gameflip company background gameflip the forefront addressing the demand for liquidity for digital goods. founded our company based the silicon valley, california, usa, and funded top tier venture capital investors, with more than million raised. have already built one the largest digital goods marketplace platforms, with more than million registered users and monthly actives. the platform has grown significantly the last two years. intend leverage our deep knowledge the gaming industry, the understanding digital goods marketplaces, and the technological expertise the current platform grow and scale the new decentralized ecosystem. gameflip team overview our team comprised top notch gaming industry veterans, technology innovators, and proven entrepreneurs. highlight some the team's qualifications and experience: extensive experience gaming our team has been gaming since prior founding gameflip, built global games publishing and development business (aeria games) from scratch, with offices spanning the u.s., germany, brazil, japan, and korea. published multitude and mobile games across languages worldwide, serving over million gamers our platform. achieved annual revenue run rate million and eventually sold the business prosiebensat., german media conglomerate, have also built and mobile game development and publishing businesses japan and korea and sold them major companies like gmo and wanderplanet. crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods strong industry network with years the gaming industry, our management team has very strong network partners. have worked extensively with the following companies and/or individuals who now serve senior executives these companies: electronic arts, disney, ubisoft, perfect world, shanda, nexon, sony, nhn, neowiz, gree, dena, square enix, and bigpoint, among others. corporate governance under the highest u.s. standards; backed top notch investors compared other third party marketplaces, operate with transparency. are funded by, and report to, top notch silicon valley venture capitalists and other leading investors, including: goahead ventures, with strong ties stanford university and principals from forbes' under list" for bullpen capital, with deep experience gaming (one their partners co-founder electronic arts); and lightbank, whose team comprised the founders groupon. crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods gameflip team member bios nguyen, ceo and co-founder gameflip, successful serial entrepreneur with proven track record. has over years experience building and managing complex businesses, including years the gaming industry. prior gameflip, served coo aeria games, global publisher and developer free-to-play games, growing the company from employees over worldwide, overseeing operations the u.s., germany, and brazil. under jt's leadership, aeria games' annual revenue run rate reached million, and the company was ultimately sold prosiebensat., german media conglomerate. prior aeria games, jt's other experiences cut across multiple industries. among other things, has served operations strategy consultant the finance industry hsbc, software engineer the retail industry early stage ecommerce startup, and hardware engineer the mobile industry motorola. obtained his mba from the ucla anderson school management and his electrical engineering from stanford university. obtained his electrical engineering from the university illinois urbana champaign where graduated first his class. terry ngo, cto and co-founder gameflip, has years experience building and leading engineering and product development, including years the gaming industry. prior gameflip, terry served cto and co-founder aeria games, starting the company from scratch and growing employees worldwide with offices the u.s., germany, and brazil. under terry's leadership, aeria games built leading online game publishing platform serving over millions gamers globally, crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods publishing multitude and mobile games languages, and delivering the highest monetization rate the industry using single common virtual currency. prior aeria games, terry's other experience included engineering leadership building highly scalable distributed applications mobile and web platforms for consumers and enterprises. terry obtained his electrical engineering from stanford university, his computer engineering and mathematics from southern methodist university, where graduated first his engineering class. also holds u.s. patent mobile wireless devices. bryan talbot, head engineering gameflip, has over years working the forefront silicon valley technologies. prior gameflip, was the platform architect aeria games where designed and oversaw the implementation the global publishing platform serving over million gamers from multiple data centers located north america and europe. bryan's previous experience ranged from operating system device driver development, expert system (ai) design for multi-national customs (import/export) clearance system, email security (for which holds patent), mobile network and terminal performance monitoring, and many years server distributed systems design and operation. bryan earned computer engineering from the university california san diego (ucsd). while undergraduate student ucsd, was mission lead for flight payload space shuttle flight sts- for the kidsat project lead dr. sally ride. crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods kim, head business development gameflip, games industry veteran with years experience free-to-play, digital goods, and virtual economies spanning across and mobile. prior joining gameflip, was ceo and co-founder vector gfx, developer motion tracking and image recognition software for and platforms. earlier his career, was director business development and employee rockyou, one the early developers the western world pioneering the free-to-play model, head business development bigpoint games, one the largest game portals the world with over million players, and head business development kixeye, leading social and mobile game developer multiplayer real-time strategy games. holds mba from the marshall school business the university southern california and bachelor's degree from the university michigan ann arbor. udayan sharma, head marketing gameflip, leader with over years experience gaming, e-commerce and tech. has years experience building brands and owning the entire user acquisition funnel. prior gameflip, was the digital free-to-play gaming space director marketing aeria games where led the launch and mobile gaming titles including x-men and assassin's creed, and managed all marketing functions like user acquisition, seo and brand. his earlier experience has consisted successful roles both startups and fortune companies, such excelics semiconductor and cadence design systems. udayan holds mba from purdue university, krannert school management and electrical engineering from oregon state university where has was laurels scholar. crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods matheus arnellas, head live operations gameflip, leads the departments sales, customer support, fraud prevention and business intelligence. with years experience managing cross-functional teams the digital free-to-play games space, has successfully led the release and operations titles across the and mobile platforms, including those with multi-billion dollar such x-men, assassin's creed and sports fifa. avid gamer since the age matheus have orbited around the gaming industry counter-strike pro player during the early 's, but his major contributions would come later the when taking production, marketing and operations roles companies such electronic arts, aeria games and playnext. matheus has expertise both the latin and north american markets. matheus holds mba from fipe sao paulo and bachelor's degree marketing advertising from puc campinas brazil. tony simonovsky, ico success manager, serial entrepreneur with more than years experience digital marketing. started his first business the age sold years later and started live life digital nomad. the same time started his second business, which successfully manages while the go. tony advised the kickico team help increase exposure for their upcoming ico global crypto-token purchasers means growth marketing which resulted total amount raised eth (~$,,). crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods flip advisory board members richard melmom, emeritus partner bullpen capital co-founder electronic arts (usa) richard serial entrepreneur and investor. most notably, co-founded electronic arts billion market cap september and his work electronic arts still has lasting influence the entire gaming industry. other companies that founded led investments include, among others: melmon tawa partners (sold livingston and co.), objective software (sold asymetrix), broadware (sold cisco), and bigfix (sold ibm). kotaro yamagishi, ceo keio innovation initiative, inc. board member and co-founder gree, inc. (japan) kotaro yamagishi serves ceo keio innovation initiative, inc. (kii) which keio university's venture capital since its establishment december prior kii, co-founded gree, inc. december and still serves the company's non-executive director member the board). earlier his career, was editor-in-chief cnet japan and editor nikkei business publications, inc. heiko hubertz, ceo and founder whow games gmbh founder bigpoint gmbh (germany) heiko well-known serial entrepreneur gaming. prior whow games, was the ceo and founder bigpoint gmbh, pioneering developer and publisher web games, which sold valuation million. crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods yoon im, svp publishing platform perfect world (usa europe) yoon expert micro transactions and online game publishing. co-founder perfect world entertainment, yoon has been involved every aspects perfect world's growth and success. currently charge all business operations north america europe. chris akhavan, chief revenue officer, glu mobile (usa) chris akhavan oversees glu's worldwide business operations including user acquisition, marketing, advertising monetization, strategic partnerships, and international expansion. prior joining glu, served senior vice president global partnerships for tapjoy where was key early member the team that built leading mobile advertising and monetization platform. before joining tapjoy, chris held positions rockyou!, videoegg and yahoo!. malte barth, head esports modern times group (usa europe) malte seasoned professional gaming and esports. oversees all esports investments modern times group (mtg) since which includes esl (electronic sports league), dreamhack and bitkraft esports ventures, which grew the globally leading esports organisation. keeps actively supporting esl, dreamhack and bitkraft executive board member. billy sungwoo lee, coo payletter, inc. (korea) billy payment and billing business expert and works with many gaming companies. payletter, where serves coo, was established with only employees originally, and has since grown service more than billing solution customers and payment service customers all over the crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods world, including riot games, the developer and publisher league legends. takayuki nagashima, ceo aeria, inc. (japan) takayuki nagashima well-known entrepreneur japan and the ceo aeria inc., publicly listed company. aeria has been the forefront the game development and publishing japan. was early adopter the free-to-play model, launching one the first successful free-to-play games japan, and now developer successful mobile games like klee, chu. masahiro yasu, ceo alis (japan) masahiro yasu pioneer initial coin offerings japan and the ceo alis, which recently completed successful ico the first crypto-currency for social media company japan. also project leader for joint project with microsoft japan. prior that, was recruit, the second largest company the world, and won the highest internal award for achievement. xiang wang, blockchain advisor xiang wang has over years experience with software design and development, specializing authentication, data encryption and blockchain technologies. founded and operated two startup companies china and has extensive knowledge and business experience the chinese market. currently providing assistance engage cryptocurrency investor communities there. crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods kevin xu, blockchain advisor kevin senior software engineer with experiences building distributed systems, designing checkout flows, and handling security stripe and previously his own startup fanhero, his interest blockchain technology started with his first purchase bitcoin and currently helping companies launch icos before starting his own blockchain startup. investors gameflip investor representatives for clarity, this section lists investors gameflip, the company, not purchasers flip tokens. bullpen capital paul martino, general partner paul's long list successes include, among others: founding ahpah software computer security firm acquired intertrust), and investing the first rounds zynga and udemy. his early online gaming innovations multi-player user experience from almost years ago are the inspiration for several the modern social gaming offerings. goahead ventures phil brady, managing partner phil the forbes' under list" for and has led number investments with technology companies the silicon valley. has also been active the crypto community since having spent some time xapo and andreessen horowitz around the time their investments into coinbase and inc. crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods playnext, inc. lan hoang, ceo lan incubator new businesses. has invested various startups the u.s., japan, korea and germany and have participated multiple exits, with many coming from japan, where currently resides. prior playnext, worked ceo aeria games and attorney with orrick, herrington sutcliffe. lightbank bill pescatello, partner bill has lead many successful investments throughout his career, including, among others, locu (acquired godaddy) and greystripe (acquired valueclick). prior lightbank, has worked nbcuniversal, morgan stanley, and merrill lynch. forefront venture partners phil nadel, managing partner and co-founder phil well-respected serial entrepreneur, angel investor, and published author. has started and sold several companies and has invested more than startups with many successful exits. crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods the existing gameflip platform have built the gameflip marketplace platform using the most advanced technology deliver seamless, secure, and transparent peer-to-peer digital e-commerce, targeting the gaming demographic. drawn from our years experience the gaming industry, gameflip uniquely positioned deliver value and engagement wide range gaming audience. gamers can transact digital goods from multitude gaming platforms and from the broadest categories. the current gameflip platform the only one that offers the following features: access the marketplace anywhere from the laptop through ios android mobile app; highly effective fraud detection and prevention, enabling the ability conduct transactions safely; escrow digital items where applicable, and auto delivery for instant gratification; visibility the seller's reputation ratings, and the ability communicate with the seller directly for service support; advanced inventory management tools, including api access, for selling with ease; and option choose from wide range digital goods pc, mobile and console games; and from the broadest categories in-game items, in-game currency, and digital codes. crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods since our initial launch, over million global gamers have joined our platform with over monthly actives, resulting monthly sales growth over since crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods the solution flip token and decentralized ecosystem while the gameflip platform already succeeding and growing quickly, have only begun scratch the surface. the new flip token and decentralized ecosystem will further advance our vision for fully transparent and frictionless infrastructure for transacting digital goods. blockchain will provide the safest storage for virtual assets, and smart contracts will create transparent public ledger. flip crypto-token fixed supply. fractionally divisible, and units flip are fungible and transferable. overview flip the ethereum blockchain will serve the backbone for flip. have chosen ethereum because its flexibility and wide spread adoption. gamers can easily send digital goods and flip each other, long both the sender and the recipient have ethereum compatible wallet. game publishers can incorporate this function for gamers securely transfer digital goods outside the game with minimal integration efforts. the blockchain will act multi-game database, securely storing all digital goods and flip and tracking who owns them. with the new flip token, aim shift the paradigm for the industry unlocking digital goods from each individual game and creating liquidity for them via trading the decentralized ecosystem. blockchain technology allows such trading take place not only the gameflip platform, but also universally across any and all marketplaces, safely and securely. turn, this will advance the entire digital goods ecosystem. crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods implementation using ethereum and erc- flip will leverage the ethereum blockchain, the current industry standard for issuing custom digital assets and smart contracts. conforming the erc- token interface, flip will compatible with the existing ethereum infrastructure, such development tools, wallets, and exchanges. the heart the ethereum blockchain, the ethereum virtual machine (evm) allows the deployment and execution smart contracts, enabling complex issuance rules for crypto-currencies like flip and automating incentive structures. short, the evm eliminates any question trust and protects the transacting parties against fraud. these powerful features and dynamic ecosystem make ethereum strong fit for flip, and are confident that this will translate quick adoption game publishers and gamers. for game publishers, will provide plug-ins and software development kits (sdks), all open-sourced, that their games can recognize the transfer digital goods and from the gamers' blockchain wallets. these could digital currency within the game, in-game items, which could weapon armor. they could also different cosmetic skins, additional content, special game edition, even collectible badges, with the blockchain network tracking the ownership all such digital goods. gamers can simply use off-the-shelf ethereum wallets hold their flip and digital goods, and freely trade them with each other anywhere. gamers can send flip and digital goods using familiar mechanics like how users wechat wallet, paypal and venmo send value one another. all transfers and ownership data will securely kept the blockchain, with smart contracts safeguarding against fraud. game publishers third party tool developers can also provide their own branded wallets that allow gamers more easily navigate and manage their inventory. with blockchain technology, the ecosystem opened for innovation. crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods roadmap mentioned earlier, the current gameflip platform already the most comprehensive centralized digital goods marketplace platform. now, active participant the new decentralized ecosystem, the gameflip platform will transforming and transitioning measured and responsible process over time. live today near future long term global centralized marketplace for digital goods global centralized marketplace for digital goods, with blockchain option using flip bulk transaction volume decentralized payment fiat and bitcoin fiat, bitcoin, ethereum fiat and multiple crypto- currencies safety custom fraud detection and prevention custom fraud detection prevention for non-blockchain transactions smart contracts and full blockchain support platform evolution blockchain trust coverage partial blockchain support reputation system, with gameflip reviewing disputes between buyer and seller partial support trustless smart transactions blockchain support selected esport games, gift cards, and other digital goods support all top games esports, mmo, and mobile platform for connecting and servicing gamers anti-fraud solution for fiat transactions smart contracts allow trustless and non-repudiation transactions blockchain reputation and dispute resolution applicable only fiat based transactions worldwide game publishers and other digital goods providers self onboard through the network business model the gameflip decentralized ecosystem will have scalable and straightforward business model drive adoption. when any digital goods are traded among gamers using flip, the publisher that game and any applicable marketplace transaction enabler will take small percentage the flip. crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods economic model the supply flip will capped million. after all million tokens have been issued, new ones will not created. increases demand will not met any additional supply, and the value the flip will adjust accordingly. network growth model the importance the network growth model cannot understated. while gamers will naturally attracted liquidity for their digital goods, game publishers will also play very key role this ecosystem. arguably, game publishers are even more important than gamers driving network growth. more than one crypto-token will available for the gaming market, and each game publisher will decide which crypto-token(s) implement for its games and digital goods. crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods leveraging the gameflip team's in-depth insight from decades experience the gaming industry previously game developers and publishers with platform serving million gamers, and now digital goods marketplace operators, have designed powerful network growth model drive the adoption flip: out the million total supply flip, million will reserved incentivize game publishers promote network growth. after flip has become fully utilizable, these reserved flip will gradually released over time, via sales that are facilitated game publishers, set forth table below. game publishers participate the network growth model integrating flip and facilitating the sale these reserved tokens their gamer communities the tokens are released over time. game publishers who are early participants will receive, incentives, all proceeds from such sale. later adopters will also rewarded handsomely, but their percentage share the proceeds will reduced over time, set forth table below. flips reserved for network growth distribution schedule number flips available for distribution portion proceeds game publishers incentives portion proceeds for reinvestment additional network growth jul. jan. jul. jan. table crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods any portion these proceeds that are not allocated game publishers their incentives will reinvested towards additional network growth, which could the form incentives for game publishers, third-party marketplaces and transaction enablers, gamers and gamer communities, third-party development, marketing, among other things. these proceeds will not retained gameflip. far know, the design for flip the only one with built-in, concrete, and generous benefits for game publishers. such, are confident that flip will adopted swiftly and, importantly, flip will emerge the dominant blockchain token for the gaming industry. technical considerations the ethereum blockchain isn't without limitations. currently, the ethereum network operates proof-of-work consensus algorithm confirm transactions, and this design places hard limit throughput and scalability. the current average confirmation time, block time, approximately seconds. future version ethereum may enhance throughput switching proof-of-stake consensus algorithm. until these limitations are addressed the ethereum network, purely-on-chain solution may not optimal, for there are two issues. the first issue the lengthy ethereum transaction confirmation time, significantly delayed responsiveness that gamers typically not expect. the second issue that the ethereum blockchain requires fees paid ether for every transaction, creating adoption barrier for the average gamer. given these barriers, the initial implementation will most likely take the form semi-centralized hybrid on-chain and off-chain transaction service, partial blockchain implementation described our road map. the core, the transactions using flip will settled the ethereum blockchain. https://etherscan.io/chart/blocktime crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods however, prior the settlement, the gameflip platform may still provide the needed service improve user experience reducing latency and avoid network fees when transacting between users. the "trusted providers" the ethereum blockchain solves lot the "trust" issues making transactions secured, with smart contracts trustless environment. however, for practical and complex apps, such video games, the ethereum network still has many limitations. for example, smarts contracts must created, certified the game, and deployed the ethereum network. with block time often facing some delays, responsive experience can only achieved using off-chain notifications. trusted providers, such the gameflip platform, will authorized provide off-chain services such notifications creating and configuring smart contracts, behalf game publishers gamers. our example above, the gameflip platform can facilitate the listing contract and send instant transaction notifications the game service the gamer's wallet for confirmation, similar how the gameflip platform functions today sending notifications its users mobile apps when transaction takes place. the ethereum network evolves and develops more capabilities, expect the use trusted providers diminished and eventually removed. listing game items "for sale" blockchain while blockchain can store data, cannot function the complete game database for multitude technical reasons, particularly the rapidly changing state and processing data during gameplay. the natural use blockchain store data that can certify the ownership, and transfer ownership, item that can sold and accepted the game. can think the blockchain escrow service where gamers can use for changing ownership, and the smart contract will guarantee item delivery and payment. crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods the subsequent diagram describes the flow for gamer who wishes list game item for sale. this use case, the game service simply allows request from the gamer place the item into vault bank, similar storage structure, for escrow when creating and deploying smart contract for listing the item the blockchain. most games already have item trading transfer, solely within that game, part its in-game economy. utilizing similar mechanism, placing the game item vault would take the item out the gameplay, guaranteeing that the gamer will continue possess the item until it's sold. the item can only returned the gameplay from the vault when either its current owner cancels the crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods listing smart contract the new owner claims the item after successful execution the smart contract. once the blockchain, the seller will have the freedom create and configure the smart contract how wants his item sold, such direct buy, bidding, other means. further, can subsequently post and promote his listing marketplaces such gameflip directly other potential buyers. purchasing items using smart contract once the listing smart contract created the blockchain, any gamer with flip can purchase the item using his wallet. after the purchase, the smart contract will automatically change the item ownership the blockchain, distribute the flip tokens the seller and commission the game publisher, any trusted provider, and/or third party enablers such listing service. when the new owner claims the item within the crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods game, the item then transferred back into the gameplay from the vault and its associated data removed from the blockchain. technically, gamers can use any erc- compatible wallet client, but would difficult use the context gaming application. therefore, will develop and provide gameflip wallet client that gaming friendly, one that can enable gamers view and manage their game item inventory. not only will easy use, but also can directly connect the gameflip platform for other services, such listing the gameflip marketplace, item store management, and sale promotion. publishers can customize and control few, any, game publishers would want all game items freely tradable transferable. the desire control what items can traded sold more pronounced for games that rely having healthy and balanced in-game economy. game publishers also need constantly protect their games from bad actors, security exploits financial frauds. having the appropriate controls items flowing in/out the game absolutely essential for game publishers both protect their business and provide the entertainment for their gamers. having developed and published many and mobile games before, this gameflip team understands this need very thoroughly, and better than any other providers gaming cryto-tokens. with our solution, game publishers can design and configure the criteria for listing game items the blockchain. the criteria can include, but are not limited to, the type items, the player level, outstanding number listings, etc. game integration the smart contracts will the core engine that conducts the transactions securely. however, game integration will also necessary ensure that the game can fulfill the contracts off-chain, interface with blockchain, and provide good user experience. our approach toward game integration consists two primary criteria: crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods least invasive and highly decoupled former game publisher, know that drastic changes the game would undesirable, especially can alter the user interface the gaming experience. trusted provider optional the role the trusted provider should optional that game publishers can work with any provider who can add value their service develop their own solution avoid being "locked in". will provide game publishers with access our gameflip platform api, along with set sdks popular programming languages (e.g. c#, java, nodejs, etc.) facilitate function calls smart contracts, including monitoring and receiving notifications from the ethereum network. the sdks will open source and actively updated. game publishers will have wide range choices customize the user experience for their games. sophisticated game publishers with their own platform can also choose provide their own api and sdks independently service their gamers without working with gameflip. smart wallets and decentralization gameflip will provide gamers smart wallet client that can greatly enhance user experience for buying and selling in-game items gameflip marketplace. gamers can still use any other erc- compatible wallet buy and sell other marketplaces their choice. game publishers can also choose develop their own smart wallet that directly integrate into their game. the ecosystem matures, anticipate that many developers will create more sophisticated wallets, tools, and apps support gamers. gameflip api github: https://gameflip.github.io/gfapi/ crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods benefits for game publishers and gamers flip will dramatically expand the overall size the gaming digital goods market creating significant benefits for both gamers and game publishers. gamers having the flexibility sell, buy and trade their digital goods, course, will key benefit gamers. importantly, the gameflip decentralized ecosystem will also remove much the friction the limited existing marketplaces, smart contracts will eliminate fraud. the ability sell, buy and trade securely will create multiplier effect: gamers will buy more and pay higher prices. gamers will have much more sense ownership over digital goods, and therefore they will willing pay more for them. further, knowing that they can retain the value their investments and sell them later, gamers will also acquire more digital goods than they today more skins, more powerful weapons, etc. turn, this will have viral effect, gamers who have not yet adopted flip will need keep pace they will also need acquire more digital goods order stay competitive have unique skins that are "cool" their friends'. this will powerfully drive adoption flip gamers' end and, indeed, the overall growth the digital goods market. game publishers game publishers that adopt flip will benefit from: being able sell more digital goods higher prices; increased longevity their games; and significant brand new revenue streams. given the benefits for gamers described above, and how gamers will buy more digital goods higher prices, this will translate directly more revenue game publishers. game publishers will adopt flip enjoy slice this bigger pie." crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods indirectly, when gamers buy more digital goods, they will also stay the game longer. from game publishers' perspective, retention metrics will improve and gamers' lifetime value (ltv) will increase, boosting the longevity their games. importantly, these game publishers will also receive brand new revenue streams. mentioned above, (i) section (business model) above, whenever gamers buy and sell digital goods with flip, small percentage each transaction will commission for the applicable game publisher, and (ii) section (network growth model), whenever game publishers facilitate the sale those reserved tokens, significant portion the proceeds will allocated them incentives. even better yet, these revenues will basically pure profits game publishers, their cost generate these revenues will virtually zero. token crowdsale and distribution flip tokens are received immediately upon purchase. pricing base rate the price each flip will eth. other words, eth will purchase flips. bonuses bonuses are offered based the timing and amount token purchased, flips per eth. please see below sections for details. distribution mentioned section (economic model) above, the supply flip will capped million. they will distributed follows: crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods distribution flip token sale (pre-sale and main sale total) network growth gameflip advisors and partners total token pre-sale the token pre-sale will take place follows: start: october p.m.) utc end: october p.m.) utc currency accepted: eth bonuses: purchase amount bonus final rate number flips per eth eth eth eth eth eth minimum amount per purchaser: eth goal for the pre-sale: eth token main sale the main sale will take place follows: start: december th, p.m.) utc end: january th, p.m.) utc currency accepted: eth crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods bonuses and minimum purchase amounts: time period dec th, utc dec th, utc dec th, utc jan st, utc jan st, utc jan th, utc bonus final rate number flips per eth jan th, utc jan th, utc minimum amount per purchaser: eth goal for the main sale (soft cap): eth maximum total number tokens for the pre-sale and main sale (hard cap): ,,. unsold tokens the end the crowdsale will discarded. the main sale will end the earliest the following events: (i) hours after eth achieved (ii) flip tokens are purchased (iii) the end date january th, utc reached. other tokens (a) network growth tokens. described section (network growth model) above, tokens will reserved and used promote network growth, creating incentives for game publishers adopt and facilitate the sale flip gamers. (b) gameflip tokens. these tokens will retained gameflip, and they may used for marketing, partnerships, team expansion, future development, any other purposes gameflip's discretion. these tokens will unlocked follows: will available for distribution july will available for distribution july and will available for distribution july crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods (c) advisors and partners tokens. these tokens will reserved for advisors and partners gameflip. these tokens will available for distribution within days from the end the token main sale. use proceeds the proceeds from the token sale will used for the development, promotion, and growth the new decentralized ecosystem. the preliminary allocation set forth below but subject change: product development: this includes development and operations flip-related technology, such smart contracts, wallets, sdks, plugins, and other updates. this will also include hiring additional personnel. marketing: this will used for advertising, promotional events, sponsorships, and other marketing activities promote the adoption flip. partnerships: this will used develop partnerships and attract participants the flip decentralized ecosystem. general and administrative: this includes, among other things, costs associated with rent, utilities, insurance and administrative salaries. crypto-token for buying and selling gaming digital goods