marijuana the blockchain: stability through proof stake ganjacoin (mrja) abstract overview unique value proposition token information proof work and proof stake problems solutions road map current competition milestones and info references abstract marijuana became legal substance colorado and washington state. this marked the start new industry with new growth and new opportunities. time went on, new laws, new businesses, and jobs flooded throughout america. slowly, state state marijuana began accepted and legalized. now more than ever, individuals are open the legalization marijuana with millennials supporting it. states have legalized recreational marijuana along with states having some sort medical marijuana laws. now predicted that the new marijuana industry will create jobs for over quarter million americans. although certain states have allowed the usage marijuana, the federal government still counts marijuana category one substance making still illegal federal level. the illegality, yet legality, marijuana complexifies processes for business such dispensaries. dispensaries annually sit millions dollars cash due them being unable legally store money bank. hundreds dispensaries nationwide have ability take credit debit cards, leaving customers unable pay unless they are paying cash. overall, things end complicated for both the consumer and the producer. ganjacoin strives solve these problems through the utilization blockchain technology. ganjacoin allows consumers quickly and efficiently make digital purchases marijuana dispensaries. those who feel safer using digital payment methods are finally acknowledged. producers are able save money security and easily keep track their revenue. fees also disappear before they are able appear with debit and credit cards. ganjacoin not the first marijuana based cryptocurrency, but unique its own way. ganjacoin has the lowest supply out all major marijuana cryptocurrencies. also, although practically all the major competitors are run proof stake systems, ganjacoin provides the largest rewards from staking and also allows user own masternodes. the most unique value ganjacoin the plan eventually open marijuana dispensary where each gram marijuana will backed with the value one ganjacoin. currently listed two exchanges january ganjacoin has big plans. ganjacoin plans continue expanding its reach multiple other exchanges such cryptopia and kucoin, eventually reaching bittrex. also, ganjacoin will focusing creating wallet for both android and apple devices that purchases dispensaries are closer becoming possible. also, progress the possibility these purchases, ganjacoin will need accepted dispensaries, the team will contact dispensaries marijuana legal states and provide the benefits accepting ganjacoin. ganjacoin strives the best marijuana cryptocurrency the market delivering efficient digital storage and digital payments the developing industry marijuana. with headstrong team and community, the coin constantly developing and bettering itself. the marijuana industry needs digital way process transactions, and ganjacoin here just that. overview february th, ganjacoin was released the public. its main purpose utilize the decentralization the blockchain system help marijuana users and dispensaries alike. ganjacoin also meant become the primary currency for marijuana purchases and the first backed feminized seeds. the future ganjacoin will most likely backed the value one gram. located massachusetts, the team progressively bettering the coin everyday the marijuana industry throughout the united states continues grow. unique value proposition efficient digital storage and digital payments the developing industry marijuana ganjacoin will able offer storage and digital transactions for dispensaries with quick transactions and low fees. current problems with the lack digital storage will remedied ganjacoin through persistent development and constant innovation. token information proof stake (pos) coin backed feminized seeds (female seed ready for planting) coin supply mrja fee per transaction instant transaction time using instax proof work and proof stake when looking coins the cryptosphere different coins have different ways processing transactions and "finding" coins. originally, proof work (pow) dominated the cryptocurrency world. bitcoin built pow system making the most popular and original method. for many this known mining. using computers gpu (graphics processing unit) cpu and asic miner confirms transaction and earns reward for this. these are the fees that are associated with bitcoin transactions. the miner using their gpu also "mines" through data blocks that contain code for some bitcoin. the miner finds the code they are rewarded with the data, called block reward. overtime, more blocks are mined the difficulty mine through each block increases and the reward decreases. the process running gpu all day and night presents the problem excess usage electricity and simply not sustainable. pow networks are prone becoming congested, causing fees rise and transaction slow. ganjacoin uses proof stake system confirm transactions the network. the conformation the transactions are not done with hardware, the gpus the miners case, but rather with the already owned coins. staking coins, the individual who staking them earns reward relative the amount coins that they are staking. they also earn coins off the transaction fees the network. pos coins are considered more stable due their nature where the individual staking the coins holds onto their coins. this way less coins are flooding the market constantly. pow system, the miners mine the coins, and due self interest, they sell off their coins, overall causing the market fluctuate. staking nurtures the network handling transactions and stabilizing through the retention coins from the market. problems: federal banks can't take marijuana dispensary cash federal law prohibits any banks from taking money from legal marijuana dispensaries. marijuana still illegal the federal level any banks processing money from marijuana dispensaries are considered laundering money. since banks are federal, and marijuana laws are state, vendors and owners dispensaries are left sitting cash unable store legally digital form. this burdens owners with the task paying tax collectors large sums cash and overall makes harder track their earnings. not only does this burden owners, but poses massive security risk. holding liquid assets risky for dispensaries which means lot money must spent security make sure the owner's earning are safe. currently digital way purchase marijuana legally banks are not able store transact any money that flows into dispensary, average consumer outfitted with debit credit card may not simply walk into dispensary and make purchase. this poses problem for consumers some prefer carry debit credit cards. whether because they feel safer carrying card instead cash, they would rather purchase using credit, there solution for them. this also makes harder for owners keep track their revenues and pay taxes the end each quarter. digital purchases means digital logs purchases, unless manually inputted. manual entry millions dollars can stressful and time consuming for owners. focusing cash logs and keeping track purchases can overtime deteriorate the businesses focus and detract from the customers satisfaction. also, marijuana becomes legal the federal level and banks are able process transactions, they will take fee .-.% from every purchase while ganjacoin has set transaction fee mrja, which single ganjacoin, for every purchase. affordable marijuana times marijuana for some might out their budget, they might not satisfied with the amount money taking out their budget. the average income for american citizen nationwide (not marijuana state statistic). ounce marijuana can range from which can cost yearly from $,, assuming that two ounces are purchased every month. this the average americans income. whether for medical recreational purposes, this can use large percentage customers budget without their realizatio solution: staking ganjacoin helps customers make passive income for future purchases customers who find problems with the amount money that they are spending marijuana can stake coins order earn ganjacoin that they can use for future purchases. this called proof stake (pos) and similar earning interest. individual will put their coins into ganjacoin wallet their desktop and let stake. based the amount that they have staked, they will earn amount rewards relative that. the rewards come from confirming transactions and block rewards (see section "proof stake and proof work"). the individual can then further stake these coins and earn more they can use what they have made purchase marijuana their dispensary. simply put, the customer will investing marijuana spendings earn future marijuana spendings. once the coin supply reaches million, the staking will stop more new coins are able staked, but individuals will still able contribute the network through masternode sharing. they will able contribute part their income support masternode which process transactions, and return earn percentage those transactions. this percentage will incentivize users support the network through their contribution and patience. dispensaries can use ganjacoin digitally store their earnings instead using traditional banks store their money, dispensaries can use ganjacoin wallet store their liquid assets. the ganjacoin will act digital storage value for these dispensaries who otherwise can't store their cash. the future, ganjacoin will developing methods for dispensaries store these coins even more securely. ganjacoin will also eventually develop way for dispensary owners change their ganjacoin into fiat and bitcoin easily and seamlessly without having through coinbase other companies. the ability digitally store the money that they earn will make easier for owners focus their business other areas, such customer service and product quality. with ganjacoin being utilized businesses, they will find easier keep track their money and where going. they will feel safer and more confident knowing that their money safe digitally, rather than physically. working with ganjacoin will also beneficial for dispensaries during the staking stage. any digital holdings that they have will stake and earn coins until the cap million coins reached. ganjacoin users can use digital payment purchase marijuana once dispensaries are able store ganjacoin their stores, users will able use complete their purchases. initially, customers will send ganjacoin payments simply scanning dispensary wallet code and transferring over their funds. the payment will immediately show the store wallet and the customer their way. there will change and will completely mimic the familiar feeling using debit card. ganjacoin will bridge the gap between the marijuana industry and digital transactions simply and efficiently providing legal way for customers digitally pay for marijuana purchases. road map release mrja algorithm masternodes quarter done added masternodes give investors better return investment during the staking stage ganjacoin apply for masternodes.pro implant new blockchain quarter bittrex campaign and listing quarter complete and fix masternode sharing program quarter get re-listed novaexchange quarter iphone android app release quarter done test coins and wallets quarter done quarter open ganjacoin dispensary start funding allowing investors and coin holders stake the dispensary acquire proper license building selling and growing medical marijuana open doors marking the opening the first ganjacoin dispensary the roadmap the previous page the big picture plan for ganjacoin. throughout this time will also pushing our coin onto other exchanges such kucoin and cryptopia. along the line our website will updated easier process the information and that more aesthetically pleasing. will also pursuing dispensaries nationwide that need form digital payment. ganjacoin will work with these dispensaries smoothly implement payment systems that customers and owners alike have new way share value. current competition hempcoin (thc) proof stake system but way have masternode focuses agricultural industry along with marijuana industry focused business business transactions rather than consumer business transactions max supply: uncapped staking return potcoin (pot) proof stake system but way have masternode fee for businesses max supply: pot staking return cannacoin (ccn) proof stake system but way have masternode max supply: uncapped plan for dispensary implementation staking return cannabiscoin (cann) proof work system max supply: cann dopecoin (dope) proof stake system but way have masternode max supply: uncapped staking return for ganjacoin, these are the five primary competitors. all these coins, other than cannabis coin, work pos concepts and have staking rewards. although all these coins have staking rewards, the rewards for staking ganjacoin are significantly higher also, comparison these coins, ganjacoin the only one have masternodes. this allows users, even after the staking stage done, still earn ganjacoin. another unique feature ganjacoin that currently backed feminized seeds. the only other coin backed something value cannabiscoin which runs pow system. all these coins have supplies ten times greater than ganjacoin, meaning that upon integration into the marijuana industry, each coin will have less face value. ganjacoin will also offering program individuals the future that they can easily split masternode with and get paid equivalent their percentage holding. milestones and info there was ico for ganjacoin ganjacoin had small premine coins listed masternodexchange listed cryptobridge had coinmarketcap status until coinexchange began having problems online website created with updates coming the future reached since its creation references http://www.governing.com/topics/finance/sl-marijuana-businesses.html https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. https://www.valuepenguin.com/what-credit-card-processing-fees-costs https://www.cnbc.com////how-much-americans-earn-at-every-age.html https://www.potcoin.com/ https://dopecoin.com/ http://cannabiscoin.net/ http://hempcoin.org/ http://www.cannacoin.tech/ https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank////americans-support-marijuana-legalizati on/