unit exchange between advertisers, content makers and users based 'gaze' eye tracking blockchain token white paper october copyright (c) all rights reserved. table contents gaze coin disclaimer........................................................................................................ introduction ............................................................................................................ the problem vr/ar monetization attempts date ........................................................... the solution gaze coin fixes the main problem with monetization vr/ar ........................... what gaze control? ...................................................................................................... gaze coin defined ........................................................................................................... gazecoin token (gze) technical specifications ................................................................ gaze coin api can used anywhere ............................................................................ gaze coin for tracking digital copyright vr/ar ............................................................. ecosystem kickstart ....................................................................................................... the ico gaze coin ico overview ................................................................................. gaze coin summary finally, can all make money vr/ar ...................................... funding milestones/roadmap ......................................................................................... team ............................................................................................................................ advisors ........................................................................................................................ appendix .......................................................................................................... gaze coin roadmap ....................................................................................................... gaze coin functional lab: the dream channel virtual world .............................................................................. funding milestones development roadmap .................................................................... (i) us$ million gaze coin api/wallet ............................................................. (ii) us$ million virtual/augmented real estate (custom connected vr/ar environments) social network engine ............................................................. token sale land packages ........................................................................ (iii) us$ million procedural engine driving automated virtual world generation ... (iv) us million navigation systems/tollways between worlds: the wormhole transport system ....................................................................... (v) us$ million choose-your-own-adventure story engine ................................. (vi) million mixed reality platform ............................................................ (vii) us$m epic mixed reality game ................................................................. appendix ........................................................................................................... overview epic esports game funding and promoting "gaze" user growth pool ................ gameplay...................................................................................................................... wormhole transport system ........................................................................................... super planet ............................................................................................................. drama series ........................................................................................................... creative ambassadors radio ................................................................................... conclusion .................................................................................................................... gaze coin disclaimer this white paper has been created gaze coin pty ltd. ("gaze coin") for informative purposes only, and therefore all representations herein are not relied upon. gaze coin makes representations warranties (whether express implied), and disclaims all liability arising from any information stated this white paper. the actual results and the performance gaze coin may differ materially from those set out this white paper. gaze coin already has existing and functioning platform and this white paper makes binding representations warranties about the existing platform. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this white paper. thus, action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this white paper does not imply compliance with any applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules. please refer the terms and conditions www.gazecoin.io for the terms and conditions the gaze coin initial offering (ico). copyright (c) all rights reserved. introduction brief history ar/vr content the hype surrounding and led many content producers, from small, independent creators major gaming/movie studios and established media companies, jump into virtual reality production with voracity unseen since perhaps the dot-com explosion the major brands and advertisers, too, dove headfirst for fear being left behind one the most promising leaps mass media since the advent the internet. because the rush, many these brands (and the agencies that consulted them), didn't take time consider how these campaigns, nearly all expensive, one-off branded content activations, would actually impact important kpis like brand awareness, social sentiment, website traffic and, most importantly, sales. these branded (and some cases, ar) content pieces, while certainly having "cool factor" and temporary value, inevitably ended existing silos. further, the content proved difficult reuse evergreen content just was not supported many platforms, resulting very limited reach and low viewership (to fair, this improved considerably late-). direct ability impact sales drive viewer traffic actual purchase was way off the table. predictably, early-, there were marketer rumblings being "bust": ineffective, too expensive and worst all, impossible measure. with all nascent tech, the dreaded "gap disappointment" had arrived full force. yet... today, and technology still gaining tremendous momentum. according idc, the vr/ar market expected reach (doubling every year for the next years) with vr/ar device population greater than units. other analysts suggest similar trajectory, with some estimates even exceeding idc's. facebook has acquired total twelve ar/vr companies (most notably oculus for and google and apple have also both invested heavily immersive media, highlighted most recently their respective announcements arcore and arkit augmented reality dev kits available globally making new standard for both the android and ios mobile operating systems from now on. hardware players are in, too: microsoft, intel, qualcomm, practically every player consumer and enterprise tech well every major hollywood and gaming studio are significantly investing, staffing and preparing for this imminent next wave. still, vr/ar will not grow forecasts, staffing and hope alone. this medium will not grow without monetization. that can't happen without advertisers. gaze coin exists bridge the gap between the promise vr/ar and the ability for brands and content owners capitalize it. gaze coin the solution for advertisers, content makers and audiences vr/ar. the problem vr/ar monetization attempts date: century models for century technology presently, there universal ad-based, ad-driven mechanic for driving content inside and ar. result, essentially, only two business models have been attempted vr/ar people either pay front, carte, for content downloads/streams they pay via content subscription. this presents several issues: credit cards are barrier accessing premium content (in vr, you can't get your card out trying fill credit card forms while immersed difficult!). there incentive other than curiosity for users experience new and varied immersive content. the ingenuity user-driven content (customization, remixing, sharing others' content) remains stifled until inherent copyright issues are solved. this legacy internet media dilemma that should not imported into the new media vr/ar. game currencies are still their infancy terms portability across virtual worlds. perhaps most ominously, have learned through the contraction the music business and disruption all media businesses over the past fifteen years, consumers are generally adverse paying for content and have forced prices downward. the plethora free content across social media exacerbates this. ad-supported models are very promising vr/ar considering the wide breadth potential options (virtual signage, objects, storefronts, product placement, video/audio content, virtual search), but have struggled gain traction yet, due hurdles like: applying traditional advertising models the web vr/ar that require users stop and watch makes immersion unworkable. the current lack metric/data layer while creating and interacting with virtual assets. the metaverse-in-progress needs evolve. advertisers are reluctant adopt vr/ar (beyond concerns market penetration) because fundamental problem with monetization vr/ consumption: how you measure (and therefore determine roi)? advertisers considered vr/ar their number-two focus for digital marketing technologies, according admaster mobile. yet, business models that work web/mobile not work vr/ar and are fundamentally different mediums because literally everywhere you go, look touch and can monetized. admaster mobile survey the solution gaze coin fixes the main problem with monetizing vr/ar: how you measure (and therefore calculate roi)? using patent-registered technology, gaze coin the only vr/ar blockchain token (unit exchange) measured gaze control/eye tracking. measuring "gaze", gaze coin creates model for advertising vr/ar environments (from short-form experiences and simple digital objects all the way fully-rendered virtual worlds) the heart how mixed reality created and consumed through the eyes the beholder. brands can use eye-tracking myriad ways: evaluate their packaging designs, advertising, and online shopping behavior, order optimize the customer experience. metrics include engagement (number fixations, dwell time, time area), ease processing (fixation duration), findability (time first fixation and number fixations prior first fixation), order processing (gaze path), comprehension (repeat fixations) and excitement (pupil dilation). all those analytics metrics are built into the gaze coin development roadmap. benefits mmutable (once transaction recorded, cannot changed only updated with another transaction; record visible all stakeholders) easurable (specific and quantitatively verifiable) alidates engagement (stakeholders have visibility into exactly what assets users are engaging with, interacting with, viewing, etc.) ustomizable, expandable (content creators/owners can mint their own token) seful for all things vr/ar (token has wide variety uses and can measure content, objects, spaces, avatars and more) on-disruptive (operates seamlessly the background without programming intervention) calable (distributed and decentralized using ethereum and later scalable through plasma. the blockchain will able scale alongside the metaverse.) what goes gaze coin backend during vr/ar experience advertiser buys gaze coin campaign. copyright (c) all rights reserved. platform pays gaze coin content creator talent and rights holder based amount time user spends engaged with content. platform rewards gaze coin user fan based amount time user spends engaged with content. what gaze control? gaze control tool used and creators allowing audiences trigger content looking the direction the content (oftentimes cued spatial audio). this ensures the content launches only when user ready experience it, similar user "clicking through" traditional web/ mobile media. empowered engage their own time according their true interests, gaze control gives audiences agency while immersed. how gaze control works user fan shows interest content gaze triggers immersive environment user fan disolves into immersive environment gaze coin defined introducing unit exchange measured gaze: win-win-win for content owners, advertisers and users. gaze coin uses the concept "gaze" create business model for and creating unit exchange between content owners, advertisers and users measured initially gaze and then, more specifically, through eye tracking. charging advertisers for the time users spend genuinely engaged, content owners are incentivized provide the most engaging content. further, the model rewards users for consuming that content, allowing offered for free. the economics and token flow the gaze coin ecosystem follows: using eye tracking, gaze coin calculates the exact amount time users spend either looking specific content (including objects) and/or the specific amount time they spend immersed inside content. then creates micro-transaction that: charges the advertiser for that time, pays the content owner, and rewards the user for consuming the content. gaze coin the killer app for immersive advertising, allowing brands to: calculate precise roi vr/ar advertising and other vr/ar activations, collect meaningful data consumer behavior vr/ar, and evolve the format from interruptive ads that obstruct vr/ar experiences more native, engaging formats including even becoming the entire experience. gaze coin also includes mechanism that calculates and tracks content changed and/or added inside vr/ar storing that information its proprietary blockchain. gaze coin the killer app for tracking copyright vr/ar, allowing rights holders to: track content created and changed vr/ (remixed, versioned, addended, transferred, licensed, sold, discontinued, etc.) well track its consumption, collect meaningful data content usage, lifecycle and audience engagement, and manage correct, appropriate payments respective parties. the gaze coin blockchain ensures that advertisers, content owners and users receive payments and data calculated precisely from user engagement and allows that data scrutinized openly without any hidden factors. accurately calculated and accessible engagement-based transactional data, together with precise monetization calculations, the vr/ar business model holy grail; engine that funds the expansion content and elevates the synergy between stakeholders. advertiser incentivized place ads/branded content growing user reach/engagement, ontent owners are incentivized provide quality content advertiser patronage and growing user reach/engagement, sers are incentivized content owner rewards and quality content, resulting larger reach and engagement that advertiser wants. incentives are aligned symbiotic way that encourages ecosystem growth win-win-win gazecoin token (gze) technical specifications the patent-registered gaze coin (gze) blockchain accomplishes two main functions: auditability gaze payments provenance virtual content mechanics: first, gaze coin securely stores ownership data about content assets and (objects, experiences, environments, worlds). then, embeds transactional metadata (linked telemetry data the user action that triggered the transaction: gaze) across all micro transactions involving those assets. this information directly available the advertiser and content owner and cannot forged. content added and remixed the virtual world, the blockchain creates indelible audit trail these changes, enabling long-tail royalty payments content owners. token specifications: initially, gze will erc token with smart contracts the ethereum network. gze will migrate its own 'proof stake' blockchain when the plasma omisego blockchain becomes available. platform compatibility: gze will open sourced and interoperable with both ethereum and bitcoin. content owners and advertisers alike will able create their own native tokens the gaze coin blockchain, providing platform for vr/ar developers (content owners, brands, artists, creators) launch their own coins unique their brand. these tokens are able traded within the gaze coin decentralized exchange users, increasing liquidity and utility the token. other requirements: transactions the gaze coin blockchain must paid gze and gze required create and forge new tokens. the gaze coin blockchain gives all stakeholders the freedom, security and material incentive needed while the same time building value the gazecoin token itself. copyright (c) all rights reserved. gaze coin api can used anywhere the gaze coin api and wallet allow gaze measured and monetized any content (experiences, environments, worlds). further, all stakeholders (content owners, advertisers, users) are incentivized integrate the gaze coin api into content that they are either creating recommending. consider the following examples: gaze coin virtual world (with-advertiser example) front-end action: suppose there who sponsored red bull, vans and quiksilver. fan the enters the world and drawn the dj's virtual nightclub spatial audio (akin how music lures fans where the real life). 'gazing' the nightclub for long enough show interest, the fan dissolves into the nightclub interior. backend gaze coin action: gaze coin makes 'gaze' calculation based how long the fan remains immersed within the nightclub and facilitates the following transactions across our key three stakeholders: the advertiser payment the (content owner) based how long the fan remains immersed within the music (inside the nightclub) includes two portions: one for the keep, and one for the reward the fan (user) for participating/consuming. the reward (in the form blockchain contract) this example can take the form merchandise, tickets gigs any other item value from fan. user fan shows interest (content owner) user fan gaze triggers immersive environment, user fan disolves into the nighclub interior dj (content owner) rewards gazecoin user fan based engagement (gaze) advertiser pays gazecoin (content owner) based duration user fan engagement (gaze) gaze coin app (no advertiser example) front-end action: walking down real-world street, augmented-reality digital doorway appears overlaid over common public place the real world. when gazing the doorway for long enough show interest, the doorway opened and the user transported another augmented-reality environment. backed gaze coin action: gaze coin makes gaze calculation based how long the user looks the doorway and how long the user remains the augmented-reality environment. then facilitates the following transactions across our key two stakeholders: the user growth pool (explained pg. pays the content owner the environment. the user growth pool pays the user reward for the time spent consuming the content. gazecoin payout simulation/calculator containing engagement, gaze path, fixation duration, hang time, repeat fixation, and pupil dilation variables available https://gazecoin.io. gaze coin for tracking digital copyright vr/ar particularly relevant use cases for tracking copyright vr/ar include objects (gaming weapons/ skins, hologram characters/avatars branded virtual items, for example), music (which often remixed), and user-generated content (ugc) based copyrighted material. gaze coin calculates how each asset fragment consumed and creates micropayment payable content owners accordingly. consider the following example whereby users change digital asset (in this case, players adding new capabilities avatar game): when the avatar originally added the game, the blockchain generates unique 'trackable' token for that avatar. although players may purchase the same avatar first, whenever each player buys different moves for the character, the avatar then considered altered and unique that player. gaze coin uses process called 'forging' track and monetize both the avatar fragment and the move fragment. thus, new moves are created, they, too, have their own token. when the two are brought together, new 'forged' token generated made the fragments content (the character plus the unique moves) that make that character. the character earns money, the revenues flow back via the tracking token the rights holders/creators the fragments accordingly. unique trackable token created when player avatar added game player avatar uses gazecoin purchase moves after purchase, the player avatar becomes altered player avatar with new moves added fragments altered player avatar potentially earns gazecoin the altered player avatar earns gazecoin, the revenue flows back the rights holder creator according respective content fragments ecosystem kickstart user growth pool makes content free rewards content makers near-term because content first needs audience attract advertisers, gaze coin will launch with model that incentivizes audiences experience content paying them gazecoin build near-term audience reach. the "user growth pool" provides egg solve the proverbial chicken-and-egg dilemma affecting all new technology. specifically, the gaze coin ico allocates tokens the user growth pool. such, when advertiser yet place, content owners and users earn micropayment based the amount time users are immersed inside content. gaze coin will continue reward content owners/creators and users for providing premium content experiences. total transactions involving gaze coin across all networks, content and worlds flows replenishing the user growth pool. the ico gaze coin ico overview symbol exchange rate gze gze us$. crowd-sale launch date time est december (approximately us$.c eth. exact rate tba shortly before the ico start date) bonus offered qualified investors may access pre-sale bonus through our saft (simple agreement for future time frame tokens) partner. pre-sale bonus will also days offered strategic investors and investors that platform please contact support@gazecoin.io for any ethereum blockchain minimum financing us$ million wish invest more than usd. questions about the pre-sale. token allocation advisors team contractors target financing user growth pool us$ million hard cap million budget allocation distributed sale game development budget administration budget marketing budget contractors budget contingency budget what crypto-currencies are accepted the crowdsale? eth will accepted the crowd sale. you will required have ethereum wallet which you control the private key pointed the token/ crowdsale address participate the crowd sale. gze are ethereum-derived tokens. you hold btc, some other crypto-currency, can exchanged for eth and used participate the crowd sale. technology demo gaze coin will deliver fully immersive experience/environment using gaze coin technology prior the start the ico. the demo will built upon the dream channel virtual world created gaze coin founder jonny peters showcased the cannes film festival may the app and world will demonstrate key elements immersive technology, including spatial audio cues and gaze-triggered content, and will output user engagement telemetry. copyright (c) all rights reserved. gaze bounty (gb) the total supply gze has been set aside for community bounties. the community invited earn proportion this bounty participating the ico process. special incentive, gaze bounty has been created reward participants who experience and/or promote gaze coin prior the sale. participants will allocated specific amount for promoting gaze coin blogs, tweets and other social media well for participating the aforementioned tech demo. they will share tokens pro rata based the sum total they have earned. participants can access the dream channel virtual world through the dream channel apps steam, vive, samsung gearvr. more details regarding the bounty can found https://gazecoin.io. what amount being raised? what the token cap? there hard cap million. tokens will sold fixed rate equivalent cents per gze eth, until the ico period ends the hard cap reached. the exact eth gze conversion rate will announced shortly before the ico start date. the minimum funding amount million isn't reached, all eth will refunded. irrespective whether the minimum million million raised, the total amount tokens sold during the presale summed with the total tokens sold the public sale will represent the supply all gze. these will sold the crowd sale price that the equivalent us$. each. the exact price tba closer the ico date. reward for content owners who provide premium content experiences licensing fee will accrue all gaze coin transactions. this paid reward content providers who provide premium content experiences (allocated pro rata the most popular content once initial user growth pool exhausted). content providers earn from this pool proportional the total gaze time that was generated the platform each day. how will gaze coin use eth raised during token launch? the eth received the crowd sale will used gaze coin build mixed reality (mr) platform integrated with the gaze coin blockchain that provides developer tools allowing advertisers and content producers create the immersive entertainment worlds the future. the platform/api features, detailed appendices and are demonstrated functional proof-of-concept: "dream channel vr" (dream channel). dream channel first-person, open-universe, open-source survival mmorpg (accessible via the dream channel app vive, steam and gearvr). the game rewards any content creator, advertiser user gaze coin integrate gaze coin api into their respective vr/ar content allowing monetization through gaze. tokens linked virtual-land bonuses further incentive, all participants the token sale who spend more than us$, receive virtual-land bonus. virtual real estate zones become where high-profile content owners, advertisers and users cluster (vr/ar content "hotbeds"), the prices virtual-land those areas will increase. these virtual-land bonuses are already built and can viewed inside the dream channel app. funding milestones deliverables road map the gaze coin team has seven clear milestones targets for the token sale proceeds, outlined funding milestones roadmap. copyright (c) all rights reserved. gaze coin summary finally, can all make money vr/ar blockchain technology essential component new model for the vr/ar ecosystem. user might easily engage with ten pieces content during brief visit virtual world experience, meaning there could effectively tens thousands transactions record, track and make micropayments against. moreover, world where content frequently augmented altered, challenging accurately attribute exposure and credit owners/creators. further adding the complexity the massive amount participants the transactions advertisers, content owners/creators and individual consumers. the gaze coin platform was specifically designed solve the monetization challenges vr/ar content, indeed the monetization challenges the metaverse itself. blockchain-enabled solution that securely stores ownership and transaction data about content assets vr/ar, tracking and managing micropayments associated with content consumption, gaze coin empowers content owners, advertisers and users create, build and experience the vr/ar ecosystem with stability and trust. the platform's unit currency gaze coin's own ethereum-based token, gze. this token will available for content owners/creators, advertisers, and users buy and sell in-experience, and exchange for ethereum tokens. consumers increasingly embrace and ar, they expect content producers and brands there with engaging content capture their attention. gaze coin provides the infrastructural backbone the vr/ar creative economy, delivering the fairness, trust, security and exchange mechanism required ensure creativity can flourish. with gaze coin handling ownership data, transaction tracking and micropayments, content owner, advertiser and user stakeholders alike can focus their core competencies: providing the next generation amazing experiences, worlds and universes. funding milestones/roadmap gaze coin building mixed-reality platform (already initiated, featured the cannes film festival may tandem with and powered the gaze coin blockchain. this provides developers with the functional tools create the virtual worlds the future taking audiences from the real world the virtual world and back again. the platform roadmap includes: (i) us$ million gaze coin api wallet the gaze coin wallet powers immersive interactions measuring, conducting and then storing any associated transactions and/or token coins. the gaze coin api able integrate with any vr/ar content (experience, environment, world) and features developer toolkit allowing monetization through advertising and gaze-triggered audience engagement. (ii) us$ million virtual/augmented real estate (connected vr/ar worlds) social network engine gaze coin developing powerful virtual real estate and social network toolkit function throughout the decentralized platform. developed from the first use case dream channel vr, environment already built containing virtual cities connected through overarching story narrative, the gaze coin api will progress allow unique, custom and connected virtual worlds. (iii) us$ million procedural engine driving automated virtual world generation gaze coin will build procedural engine allowing developers build theoretically infinite immersive worlds created through random procedural generation and deterministic algorithms. single seed number will used create world features via mathematical computation, eliminating the need create each feature hand. content creators (developers) will create base level design for the look and feel singular element street, structure block, for example) and then let the code replicate this for entire city. (iv) us$ million navigation systems tollways between worlds: the wormhole transport system gaze coin will build transport system within the platform that allows users teleport themselves from one virtual world another: the wormhole transport system (wts). for the metaverse reach its full potential, users need both means and incentive navigate between worlds and world builders also need incentive create these connections. gaze coin the incentive, the wormhole transport system the means. (v) us$ million choose-your-own-adventure story engine gaze coin will develop the choose-your-own-adventure (cyoa) story engine. stories are the true drivers vr/ar worlds. story what keeps audiences engaged and immersed. content creators (developers, world builders) will able use the gaze coin cyoa story engine create the immersive narratives the future. (vi) us$ million mixed reality platform gaze coin will develop the fully-functional gaze coin mixed-reality (mr) platform that will employ the cloud power persistent vr/ar worlds. the vision connect the real world and the immersive world seamless environments where all interactions are measured and monetized through gaze. (vii) us$ million epic mixed reality game gaze coin will develop fully developed epic esports game that puts the entire gaze coin platform into action r&d test bed for all stakeholders (content creators/ developers, advertisers and users). all revenues generated from the game will flow through fund the user growth pool. the game will test and prove every aspect the gaze coin ecosystem and will the means marketing and promoting itself. esports teams can compete winner-take-all matchup for gazecoin token. team the gaze coin team made entrepreneurs, scientists, blockchain and financial experts, entertainment execs and vr/ar producers/world builders. possessing several decades experience, eye the future and ideal mix diverse expertise, this team poised win. jonny peters founder and ceo with over years leading-edge creative vision, ceo and founder jonny peters award-winning mixed-reality producer, director and world builder. often leading projects the forefront entertainment and tech, raised nearly for kgrind, multichannel music and action sports broadband network. jonny was recruited bskyb, where build red-button apps for sky's electronic programme guide (epg). after producing successful reality series for bravo, was awarded european union film award for his film lucydia and crossed over into mixed-reality filmmaking and world building shortly after. jonny has produced interactive formats throughout his career, with work including mobile and tethered experiences, virtual worlds, interactive reality and traditional film. his mfa master's thesis blending virtual worlds and traditional filmmaking the philosophical basis and mechanistic rationale for the gaze coin platform. holds mfa virtual worlds and graduate diploma directing from australian film television and radio school and economics from macquarie university. bok khoo cto/chief scientist bok actuary and quantitative software developer who has worked with banking and corporate treasury clients, investment managers, exchanges, government agencies and financial soft vendors throughout apac and europe for over years. also known bokkypoobah ethereum, stackexchange and r/ethereum, bok serves cto/chief scientist for gaze coin larger commitment bringing decentralized trustless exchanges the ethereum blockchain. landon curry technical team director landon built the world's first department store for ebay and the world's first racing simulator for red bull. few people can rival landon's commercial experience; his client list partner/managing director for red cartel includes toyota, subaru, konica, honda and shell. before red cartel, was managing director the visualization company and director twitch studios for years. landon holds graduate advanced diploma graphics and animation from computer graphics college. the gaze coin tech team are technical experts across gamut specialized disciplines immersive media. selection the team's most notable commercial projects include vehicle visualization for toyota, interactive showroom experience for konica, data visualization app for kpmg/sydney university, interactive vehicle turntable design for honda and four-player pit stop simulation for shell vpower. mark mulligan craig saunders tech lead producer sean simon procedural coder/ wormhole developer david kelly cenk baban david greene real-time rendering radio producer producer programmer radio (dave goode) specialist alex stojcic cio alex stojcic (stoy-chich) the easy going cio gaze coin. received his bachelor computer engineering degree the university wollongong and has been working technology for close years. after two years early employee growing and scaling health fidelity successful silicon valley startup, alex returned australia the end give back and work the startup virtual reality community where most recently pioneered volumetric video for cinematic virtual reality project diesel immersive. when isn't playing sport most days the week known jump aeroplane short notice explore new location the world. brian cobb film producer brian accomplished film, digital and producer. the executive producer the spaa award-winning series the horizon, which has amassed over views globally. most recently, his dream channel premiered cannes with co-producer and gaze coin ceo jonny peters. stranger cannes, brian had two short films selected part the festival's "cinema des antipodes" and .the screen producers association australia added brian its "ones watch" list and its "enterprise people" program brian worked with acclaimed writer/director stephan elliot (priscilla: queen the desert) one-hour drama horizon, based the digital series and one year later, brian produced his first feature film, indigo lake, released april brian holds advanced diploma dramatic arts from australian academy dramatic arts. gary ross legal counsel gary partner ross shulga pllc, and, through longtime clients steemit and investfeed, has spent several years the forefront cryptocurrency. gary focuses his practice securities law, venture capital/private equity and corporate governance. adjunct professor seton hall law school, gary has extensive experience advising sec- registered and exempt capital markets transactions. has contributed his expertise features the new york times, marketwatch, associated press and corporate counsel magazine and holds from northwestern university and bba from university miami. copyright (c) all rights reserved. saul hudson global communications director saul leading blockchain communications specialist, raising the profiles cryptocurrency companies through targeted public relations and content creation during token crowd sales. formerly americas for reuters news, oversaw operations for journalists across multicultural newsrooms with annual spend million. accomplished journalist himself, saul has been war correspondent and reported from more than countries, interviewing top corporate and political leaders around the world. matt knox database programmer experienced web/mobile cto and software developer, matt knox expert server-side and database technologies. has most recently served cto australia's codelab, where specializes complex distributed systems built linux and oss for clients australia, new zealand, united kingdom and the united states. matt holds bsc computer science/surveying from the university new south wales. advisors the gaze coin advisory board includes experts across both established financial and entertainment disciplines and bleeding-edge fintech and immersive media. jeremy lam product lead, omisego product lead, jeremy leading the first implementation ethereum scaling solution plasma omisego. jeremy was the creator vennd, block-chain-asa-service company and early counterparty-based vending machine platform that powered many pre-ethereum icos. prior that, jeremy was consultant the interest rate and credit derivatives investment banking industry. george samman blockchain investor advisor after co-founding btc.sx (now magnr), bitcoin trading platform george blockchain/cryptocurrency consultant and advisor global financial institutions, startups and law firms. writes blockchain technology and use cases sammantics.com. george holds international finance from columbia university and political science from university delaware. travis rice industry advisor travis co-founder the lens group global company with focus china. travis has more than twenty years experience working curator and producer with artists and emerging technology across museums, galleries and the tech sector over two dozen countries. his prior experience includes work apple, biennale sydney, first night austin and blizzard entertainment. kunio okuda blockchain investor and advisor japan asia kunio established japan/apac localization and community management expert emerging fintech companies the blockchain and spaces. cryptocurrency investor and entrepreneur, also the community management officer for omisego. james sugrue ad-tech advisor afk founder, james sugrue has firm belief that the successful agencies the future need filled with disruptive thinkers that are proactive creating digital realm that "away from keyboard". has built close-knit team talented, like minded tech creatives, who work alongside clients create seamless movement across emerging devices. afk have won multiple awards since incorporation for innovation the digital space for both afk's sydney and dublin offices. leader pioneering digital campaigns since its inception james has passion for emerging technologies and his agency has delivered award winning ad-tech campaigns since evan luthra cryptocurrency publicity advisor evan luthra has that rare and coveted ability turn original ideas into businesses that are both revolutionary and profitable. evan's strategy follows simple, but proven formula: conceptualize, innovate, execute, from being early investor eaze.com (fastest growing on-demand tech company most recently launching wheelys (inc top company watch featured speaker different universities and conferences around the globe, covering mobile apps, entrepreneurship and trending tech topics. evan heavily involved with multiple companies his portfolio including advir.co, vepinternational.com. within the crypto market, evan's company has successfully executed multiple icos, raising upwards million date. now working with hashgraph build what known blockchain copyright (c) all rights reserved. appendix gaze coin roadmap although there has been considerable disillusionment among advertisers with vr/ar after the growing pains the medium continues gain impressive momentum. market expected double every year for the next three years, reaching immersive media represents one the greatest technological leaps the modern age, tremendous opportunity for advertisers and content producers alike. despite analyst optimism, there still glaring deficiency the vr/ar ecosystem; one that threatens undermine all its potential until solved: remains astonishingly difficult monetize and ar. business models that work web/mobile not work vr/ar vr/ar fundamentally different medium because literally everywhere you go, look touch and can monetized. gaze coin specifically designed solve the challenges monetizing vr/ar. using patented technology, gaze coin vr/ar blockchain token (unit exchange) measured gaze control/ eye tracking. measuring "gaze", the token creates model for advertising vr/ar environments (from short-form experiences and simple digital objects all the way fully-rendered virtual worlds) the heart how mixed reality created and consumed: gaze control. seamless, scalable and secure solution providing advertisers, content owners and users the engine measure and monetize true engagement inside and ar, gaze coin even allows stakeholders launch their own branded tokens power their unique, respective content (experiences, environments, worlds) turn. gaze coin exists bridge the gap between the promise vr/ar and the ability for brands and content owners capitalize it. gaze coin both the killer app for vr/ar advertising and tracking copyright (drm) vr/ar. the gaze coin ecosystem delivered through mixed-reality platform with developer toolkit that allows the community build blockchain tracked worlds where every audience action incentivized and monetized. this appendix provides detailed road map for the development the ecosystem. copyright (c) all rights reserved. gaze coin functional lab: the dream channel virtual world gaze coin building mixed-reality (mr) platform powered the gaze coin blockchain. kick off this platform, the gaze coin team has launched the dream channel (dream channel) "open-universe" game. dream channel the first version the larger platform and will serve functional proof concept, critical first use case and working demonstration the gaze coin blockchain. gaze coin will make all the tools created for this available for the entire gaze coin ecosystem (including the platform) and will these same tools developers can use create the virtual worlds the future. funding milestones development roadmap the following serves detailed roadmap gaze coin platform development, containing milestones that will unlocked with each funding target met. (i) us$ million gaze coin api/wallet timeline: months phase gaze coin development the completion the gaze coin wallet and api. the wallet powers immersive interactions measuring, conducting and then storing any associated transactions and/or token coins. the api able integrated with any vr/ar content (experience, environment, world) and feature developer toolkit that allows monetization through advertising and audience engagement. wallet/api key features: visual interface that allows users better understand, view and trade their token coins. ability for users exchange gaze coin across any vr/ar experience, environment world using the gaze coin api. ability for users launch their own branded token coins, exchange branded token coins between vr/ar experiences, environments and worlds, and participate wholly secondary market for branded token coins. seamlessly allows value transfer from the virtual world the real world and back again. example practice: user's actions vr/ar, such spending over certain threshold time inside specific experience, finding specific virtual object/"easter egg", completing game level sharing content, can programmed generate vip token sent their wallet. the token may provide the user with access real-world rewards: discounts, event access, exclusive content, etc. this can also work for transferring ownership real-world assets: money, physical property, etc. night club (real world) <<<< wallet <<<< vip token <<<< world experience (ii) us$ million virtual/augmented real estate (custom connected vr/ar environments) social network engine timeline: months phase gaze coin development involves toolkit empowering virtual real estate growth and social network functions throughout the decentralized ecosystem the platform. developed from dream channel, where the team has already built virtual cities connected through overarching story narrative, the gaze coin api will progress allow unique, custom virtual worlds. virtual real estate/environment key features: ability calculate and collect rent payments virtual-land. ability launch custom (branded) vr/ar experiences, environments, storefronts and worlds (and use branded token there desired). integration with gaze coin track and manage ownership and financial transactions. property value appreciation via premium content (the more users engage with content, virtual areas become recognized "premium content generation zones" driving property value). social network key features: integrated content/user ranking and reward systems (monetized using gaze coin). user-generated content channels dream channel virtual-land bonus with gaze coin ico. part the gaze coin token sale, participants who spend more than us$, receive virtual land packages. token sale land packages: (i) us$ virtual apartment virtual apartments are located city hot spots and are used vr/ar talent, content rights holders and advertisers broadcast immersive experiences their global audience. don't miss out this limited offer. visit www.gazecoin.io for offer details. (ii) us$ virtual penthouses with added wormhole functionality virtual penthouses will feature connected wormholes lined with immersive content, linking into any number chosen connected worlds. they also create entry/exit point random location the real world creating doorway accessible using ar. wormholes and from penthouses also function 'toll-ways' between virtual worlds, measured gaze coin paid toll-way owners. (iii) us$ virtual street virtual street comprises virtual apartments and virtual penthouses. owner you can choose have street inside one the themed dream channel sectors you can choose locate your street separate located anywhere else the metaverse that you choose. the gaze coin api provides the street with all existing functionality including content talent rankings etc. (iv) us$ virtual suburb virtual suburb comprises city blocks which includes virtual penthouses and virtual apartments. owner you can choose link the suburb any one the themed dream channel sectors you can choose locate your suburb separately located anywhere else the meta-verse. the gaze coin api provides the suburb with all existing functionality including talent ranking system that the apartments the main street according popularity. (v) us$ virtual city virtual city consists city sectors that add virtual apartments the fly residents join. cities come complete with integrated social network that allows messaging between residents, app that allows the community access the world from the real world and course full monetization model using 'gaze' and gaze coin. the city designed and branded your needs. (iii) us$ million procedural engine driving automated virtual world generation timeline: months phase gaze coin development the build procedural engine allowing developers build theoretically infinite immersive worlds created through random procedural generation and deterministic algorithms. single seed number will used create world features via mathematical computation, eliminating the need create each feature hand. content creators (developers) will create base level design for the look and feel singular element street, structure block, for example) and then let the code replicate this for entire city. proof concept dream channel game gaze coin plans develop the potential this engine and create effective research and development lab for all gaze coin developers through epic 'open-universe' survival game using the engine: dream channel. dream channel outlined detail appendix game outline. procedural engine key features: deterministic algorithm generates unique configurations virtual assets (virtual elements, spaces, time/era constructs, etc.), allows the same content experienced different people differently (with certain attributes imagery pov for example slightly altered) the same person differently every time they consume it. (iv) us million navigation systems/tollways between worlds: the wormhole transport system timeline: months phase gaze coin development building transport system within the platform that allows users teleport themselves from one virtual world another: the wormhole transport system (wts). for the metaverse reach its full potential, users need both means and incentive navigate between worlds. likewise, vr/ar content owners/creators (world builders) also need incentive create these connections. the wts accomplishes both aims with the key features outlined below. wormhole transport system key features: wormholes are lined with immersive content entertain "along the ride." wormholes serve tollways between worlds where gaze coins and other custom token coins are exchanged. wormhole travel creates micropayment that rewards user for going the journey and pays content owner/ creator for providing the immersive content lining the wormhole (paid from the user growth pool. the navigation system uses the procedural engine replicate the fly and can used for both intraworld and interworld travel. wts internal (intraworld) navigation system (simple wormholes) audiences can engage simple navigation system allowing them teleport between sectors world; each one different chapter the story, level game, separate content piece, etc. wts external (interworld) navigation system (tollway wormholes) tollway wormholes are where tokens are exchanged from one world's another expect mini exchanges emerge important junctions, where this can take place. proof concept radio the foundations the wts have been built concept called radio. radio allows users visit music-driven virtual world, choose artist, then travel wormhole ride through their favorite music track where, powered the procedural engine, shapes, landscapes and objects morph and bend the beat the music unique way (no two journeys are ever the same). the immersive experience measured 'gaze' with microtransactions flowing back the rights holders the music. this experience part the tech demos accompanying the gaze coin ico. users can download the radio app, series wormhole rides, and then receive sample gaze calculation. (v) us$ million choose-your-own-adventure story engine timeline: months phase gaze coin development the choose-your-own-adventure (cyoa) story engine. stories are the true drivers vr/ar worlds and what keep audiences engaged and immersed. content creators (developers, world builders) will able use the gaze coin cyoa story engine create the immersive narratives the future. the success and failure any virtual world depends upon the narrative and resultant ability for the audience engage with the story. the gaze coin platform tools will allow creators create set complex interactions with story characters and allow users change the outcome the story based their actions. the complexity required make the engine work for vr/ar story narrative considerable. the engine specifications also include cross-platform developer tool for traditional filmmakers integrate vr/ar elements with feature films that have 'virtual reality' bend (such steven spielberg's "ready player one"). today, traditional filmmakers struggle with means add virtual worlds their cinema-focused narratives. this way, the gaze coin platform creates not only monetized solution for traditional filmmakers but mechanism for crossing platforms, pulling audiences into the immersive ecosystem. proof concept cyoa dream channel features cyoa game experience showcased the cannes film festival may this experience, audiences can play multiple characters and the decisions they make change the outcome. audiences must earn enough gaze coin pay gatekeepers, purchase weapons and buy moves that they will need battle with other players. dream channel story log line gangsters buy and sell dreams the black market. tag line every dream has its price. short synopsis when lucy's dreams are stolen, she finds herself the star esports game where audiences bet gaze coin outcomes game played nightly the dream channel. audiences venture into the world and discover that their dreams have been stolen too! platforms feature film, 'choose your own adventure' series and virtual world. copyright (c) all rights reserved. (vi) million mixed reality platform timeline: months phase gaze coin development the fully-functional gaze coin platform that will employ the cloud power persistent vr/ar worlds. the vision connect the real world and the immersive world seamless environments where all interactions are measured and monetized through gaze. the gaze coin team relentlessly committed strong focus: build and advance the cohesion between the real world and the metaverse. build and advance the cohesion between virtual worlds the metaverse. applications the platform will track user's gaze through any device, the applications such platform are virtually endless (pun intended). from ordering clothes worn others the real world, adding building blocks location-based worlds with every object monetized, the applications are theoretically vast the human imagination. (vii) us$ million epic mixed reality game timeline: months stage gaze coin development fully-developed epic esports game that puts the entire gaze coin platform into action r&d test bed for all stakeholders (content creators/developers, advertisers and users). all revenues generated from the game will flow through fund the user growth pool. the game will test and prove every aspect the gaze coin ecosystem and will the means marketing and promoting itself. esports teams can compete winner-take-all match-up for gaze coins. full outline the game available appendix appendix game outline gaze coin's epic mixed-reality game: dream channel the gaze coin development roadmap (detailed appendix covers fundamental milestones development targets from the proceeds the gaze coin ico. throughout the roadmap, including work completed pre-ico, the gaze coin team develops first-person open-universe mixed-reality (mr) survival mmorpg, called dream channel (dream channel), that the first version larger platform the team building. dream channel will serve functional proof concept, critical first use case and working demonstration the gaze coin blockchain and developer api/ toolkit. all revenues generated from the game will flow back into the user growth pool (more details the pool the ico summary doc). dream channel esports game where teams can compete winner-take-all matchup for gazecoin (virtual currency). overview epic game that unites monetizes the metaverse dream channel epic mixed reality game that rewards players gaze coin for monetizing the metaverse the connected vr/ar space. 'dream channel' subconscious entertainment precinct that pays players gaze coin search the metaverse for talent that could rate dream channel immersive 'shared' channel. players purchase 'wormhole blaster' weapon that captures talent inside their content, blasting wormhole between their location, through dream channel entry/exit (portal) location planet earth. wormholes are lined with the talent's immersive content and provide players with toll road/transport system between virtual worlds shared the talent and the player who captured them. the highest-rated show dream channel esports game featuring the most popular talent (called dreamers) uploaded the precinct. tribes use gazecoin bid for their favorite dreamers, who are then pitted against each other deadly dream 'game show' the streets the precinct. dreamers are locked into playing the game until they have won enough gazecoin pay their audience back. the dream channel environment procedurally generated open universe. the city builds new apartments, streets and sectors each time new person joins the city. dream channel living, breathing city that grows and adapts organically. copyright (c) all rights reserved. gameplay players play the role bounty hunter exploring the entirety the metaverse, which includes billions dreams (immersive content) that can rate the dream channel immersive 'shared' channel. players earn gazecoin finding lucid dreamers (content creators), capturing them with wormhole blaster and blasting their profile from their location the dream channel lining with their immersive content. the game includes deep space missions other colonies including planet where hologram version the player uses the community learn the moves the player, sells itself friends, and can traded. transport system allows players travel other games through connected wormholes where players pay gazecoin toll wormhole owners. the more content players acquire, the more they will become targets rival lucid dreamers who are looking take ownership their dreams. receiving payment gazecoin, players are able pay wormholes owners for transportation, weapons and the lucrative mineral 'dice' sleeping pill that allows them access the dream channel itself. -degree content valuable, but the most lucrative content are 'dreams' fully-immersive virtual reality) these allow dream channel subscribers fully immerse themselves inside and feel real emotions and danger. the ability for the player explore the galaxy only limited the amount gazecoin they have buy weapons, fly through wormholes and their personal supply dice. with wormholes linked the planetary location the talent/dreamer that originated from, players use the dream channel plot courses find other colonies and worlds. between worlds, players may come across other wormhole travelers many whom are aligned one eight different dream tribes who are fighting each other for control the dream channel. the players' actions towards each tribe will determine how they are treated future encounters. some point, they can choose join one the tribes. many the tribes speak their own languages and the player may need learn this gain favor. deep space outposts exist for trading currency, weapons and dice and serve ports for the upload/download dreams. many the outposts are manned and aligned with specific tribes (some friendly, some hostile). each tribe has their own 'base city' existing deep different galaxies. copyright (c) all rights reserved. players attract attention from other players based their ranking. players receive two rankings 'player' ranking based their wealth gazecoin and also 'contestant' ranking based their content rating the dream channel. many tribes deal people smuggling transporting and trading high-rating lucid dreamers. players can come under attack wormholes and also while accessing the dream channel. killed captured, they into coma and become the property people smuggler. they die space, they are spawned their last previous space outpost check-in, minus any gazecoins they have not yet cashed and any wormholes not yet uploaded the dream channel (now the property the killer). players can purchase special 'super dice' currency protect themselves from losing their dreams they are ever killed inside dream channel precinct (this deathmatch zone) living dreamers are worth more players the game for trading purposes. players are restricted non firing weapons (knives, axes, chains, spears) for hand-to-hand combat with each other inside the dream channel. talent uploaded the game have limited number talent tokens that can bought and traded. talent tokens provide token-holders with access wormholes connected the talent. the price the tokens change based their dream channel 'contestant' ranking. brand wants sponsor, talent they must purchase talent tokens back from players buy the rights so. copyright (c) all rights reserved. wormhole transport system the starting infrastructure the expansion gaze coin across connected virtual worlds via user-generated 'wormhole' transport system. the wormhole blaster camera device that captures content and their coordinates and blasts wormhole lining the wormhole with the artist's degree content and storing the dream channel the universal database wormholes. wormhole gains following, its creator, the artist and those who recommend receive payments gaze coin based consumer time immersed inside that wormhole 'gaze' players participate shared universe with the ability exchange wormhole co-ordinates with friends. wormhole initially creates link between the location where the talent was discovered and another location the other side planet earth directed the dream channel. these wormholes can random but are more likely directed towards locations where the talent will well received other players. players use vr/ar camera their wormhole blaster look into the wormhole and see the other side. pulling the trigger shoots players through the wormhole where they become fully immersed /vr content. the wormhole empty, travelers can line with their own content. traveling through wormholes can dangerous they can collapse any time. the ability for players explore wormholes will determined buying talent tokens adding content the wormhole. wormhole travel not limited points planet earth and can extend other galaxies and even time travel. wormholes can come under attack. travelers can try change the immersive content that lines wormhole adding new immersive experience/ content. the attacker's content achieves quorum, the wormhole experience changed and the destination rerouted new destination. should noted that creating worthless wormholes, attacking too many wormholes will attract the attention 'agents' who patrol the bridge. they can collapse wormholes that are non existent add value the database. this lowers player's game ranking and makes his recommendations less attractive other players. copyright (c) all rights reserved. super planet epic game that unites monetizes the metaverse one the wormholes stored the bridge connects players planet where 'super ai' versions all players are stored and evolving. here they discover deadly fantasy sports game that fully immersive. this level the game includes app where players communicate with each other sending personal hologram messages each other, setting off chain events where the hologram uses the community learn/acquire 'moves' becoming 'super ai' version its creator version that the originator can then fully embody vr! here players can collect, shop and buy moves for holograms using gazecoin. forming hologram army they can into battle against other holograms. copyright (c) all rights reserved. drama series epic game that unites monetizes the metaverse drama series broadcast across the galaxy and presents players with ongoing drama featuring dream channel 'contestants', which provides players with insights into game play, the tribes, other players, and drives their quest for adventure inside the game. contestants are aligned with one the eight fighting tribes and participate death match game show called 'dream time' taking place inside the dream channel. the game pits rival tribe members against each other winner-take-all combat the streets particular high rating dream. the winner takes the other contestants' wealth and audience. the loser banished distant tribe colony and must start again. future re-match allows the loser win their dream world back. copyright (c) all rights reserved. creative ambassadors radio dream channel has over 'creative' team members who are ambassadors for gaze coin. create the gaze ecosystem, dream channel been recording and live streaming electronic music artists part initiative called radio. the concept involves capturing artists hologram creating point cloud stream the artist. this 'stream' broadcast into virtual apartment inside dream channel. audiences can access the stream live through their phones they can then opt enter the dj's virtual apartment 'live' looking through their phones screens, using their goggles. each has their own talent token. these are collectible, can swapped, and provide fans with access vip content. oliver koletzki claude von stroke facebook facebook soundcloud soundcloud the potbelleez facebook copyright (c) all rights reserved. creative ambassadors radio foster the initial growth the gaze coin ecosystem, have created virtual apartments for some the world's fastest rising electronic music artists. spokespeople for the platform, they are proof concept for user artist generated content, essential requirement fuel the growth the ecosystem. audiences are incentivized experience their immersive content, these artists will grow into branded content opportunities. these artists are involved part the radio initiative. the combined audience reach ambassadors alone million people copyright (c) all rights reserved. conclusion dream channel gaze coin fully-developed epic esports game that puts the entire gaze coin platform into action r&d test bed for all stakeholders (content creators/developers, advertisers and users). all revenues generated from the game will flow through fund the user growth pool. the game will test and prove every aspect the gaze coin ecosystem and will the means marketing and promoting itself. the final culmination all development efforts the gaze coin platform. dream channel exists not only the quintessential prototype for epic, connected metaverse game with overarching story narrative, but more importantly, inspire and spark creativity the virtual world architects the future. copyright (c) all rights reserved. www.gazecoin.io copyright (c) all rights reserved.