genesis vision whitepaper (c) genesis vision. all rights reserved. whitepaper draft version dmitry nazarov ruslan kamenskiy alexey kutsenko contents introduction market description market participants managers investors brokers market operation scheme market size traditional trust management description the problem our solution advantages for investors advantages for private managers and funds advantages for brokers project architecture platform structure smart contracts internal exchange managers' cryptocurrencies integration with trading platforms client applications scheme operation the platform connecting broker connecting managers managers' coins detailed process description registration reporting period end reporting period managers' trading history control implementation the genesis network capturing the market possible problems and their solutions blockchain restrictions currency conversion problems genesis vision fund genesis vision investment project economics sources project profit token sale genesis vision token sale options conditions genesis vision token factors influencing gvt price growth development plan blocks our planned works roadmap allocation funds team and project history introduction genesis vision the platform for the private trust management market, built blockchain technology and smart contracts. unite exchanges, brokers, traders, and investors into decentralized, open and fair network, making the financial market even more global. this will allow successful traders rapidly scale their trading strategies attracting investments from around the world. the smart contract technology that underlies the platform will provide automated and absolutely transparent system for investment and profit distribution. the genesis vision platform the solution for the most crucial industry problems, such limitedness due the lack information, lack transparency and, consequently, lack trust. fundraising and the use gvt (genesis vision token) will help finance product development, marketing and advertising for the development the platform. gvt internal currency genesis vision platform and will used for all investment operations and profit distributions. market description market participants managers management funds/traders are companies/individuals with proven trading history, ready acquire investors' money for management. the profit, received result management the total funds, shared proportionally between the managers and investors. managers receive commission for management and commission from the profit (success fee). investors investors not trade the market directly. instead, investors transfer their funds experienced traders who manage the funds for them. investors get their shares from their managers' profits. brokers brokers are companies that have the appropriate licenses carry out brokerage activities. through brokers, traders have access trading financial instruments exchange and over-the-counter markets. market operation scheme invests funds trades investor profit profit manager broker exchange market size the trust management market growing rapidly every year. according the boston consulting group report global asset management the total amount funds management more than trillion. assets under management ($trillions) assets under management, ($trillions) north america europe japan and australia latin america middle east and africa asia (excluding australia and japan) data: global asset management boston consulting group (http://www.agefi.fr/sites/agefi.fr/files/fichiers///bcg-doubling-down-on-data-july-_tcm-.pdf) quantitative data about client assets actively traded and under management global forex and cfd markets: region/country estimated clients' equity ($) estimated managed monthly trade volume (bln, estimated managed funds share estimated managed funds equity ($) estimated monthly managed funds trade volume (bln, china $,,, $,,, japan $,,, $,,, middle east $,,, $,, south east asia $,, $,, russia cis $,, $,, $,,, $,, africa $,, $,, latam $,, $,, data based analysis industry reports from gff consulting) traditional trust management from technological point view, traditional fiduciary management systems are black box potential investors, because how they work not always known understood. any event, all the current solutions boil down the investor using some software transfer money financial manager and then waiting receive profits. however, investors have opportunity control their own funds. furthermore, the fiduciary management system itself doesn't give investors any technical abilities ensure that their funds are returned, nor does provide understanding how the money used. the investors receive statistic the use their assets and the financial manager's performance, but this statistic determined entirely the company and financial manager. present, investors have essentially way verify this information. too often, the real situation understood too late, when the money can longer returned. dishonest companies exploit this, scheming attract customers using high figures that turn out not promising reality. our system adds transparency and, technological level, increases asset security and information reliability. decentralization guarantees that one person won't able use the entire system for his personal interests. description the problem despite the industry's steady growth, existing trust management mechanisms not meet the requirements modern investors and managers. managers, and consequently their investors, are tied their brokers/exchanges. simultaneously, there consolidated reliable source information statistics. this deprives investors flexibility their choices and limits the manager's ability attract new funds. other manager investor other broker manager broker other broker the lack transparency further exacerbates the situation. brokers have the technical ability influence the data the trade history and statistics their managers. the potential investor does not have the ability distinguish the real trade history from the counterfeit, and the existing graph the manager's profit from the "drawn". the mechanisms investment, distribution profits and commissions are hidden inside the realization trading platforms and are not open market participants. investor manager investment profit statistics trades broker information can't verified large number fraudulent conducts the trust management market was detected recent years[]. lot ponzi schemes were created under the guise currency, stocks and other assets trading. fraudsters used the fact that technological solutions for trust management default are very complicated and non-transparent for users. result, customers lost their money overnight, and investor's confidence the market whole began fall. the natural reaction for this situation was tightening the regulations this sphere. nowadays companies have come long and expensive way order obtain licence for trust management activities. conscientious companies have implement complex and costly reporting and auditing systems well impose serious restrictions for investors. obviously, neither companies nor investors benefit from that. however, offshore companies continue operating without licences and deceiving their clients. all these factors lead serious limitations the potential market participants, lack usability, and lack trust. despite the visibility the existing problems the industry, for the past years, the mechanisms interaction between market participants have not undergone significant changes. this indicates the need introduce new technologies that will change the current situation. believe that one such technologies can become the blockchain. implementation blockchain will allow trust management market achieve transparency and efficiency the technological level. this will help regain the trust the market. besides that, will attract the attention new companies and the investors the new digital generation. http://www.financemagnates.com/forex/regulation/-million-forex-ponzi-scheme-unveiled/ https://www.mql.com/en/blogs/post/ http://www.financemagnates.com/forex/regulation/forex-ponzi-scheme-charged-by-cftc/, http://mayaonmoney.co.za///investors-may-lose-millions-suspect-forex-trading-scheme/ https://atozforex.com/news/exential-group-forex-trading-scam/ our solution genesis vision decentralized trust management platform built blockchain technology and smart contracts. blockchain technology provides indispensable advantages, such openness, immutability, and censorship-resistance all stored information, whereas smart contracts, which will carrying out investment and profit distribution, make these processes completely transparent and open. each manager the genesis vision network has his own cryptocurrency. the size the issue depends successful trade statistics. the process transferring funds the manager carried out buying manager's cryptocurrency the internal exchange. from manager's point view, the trade process will not change. the trader will continue operate the exchange through convenient broker. genesis vision, turn, represents common open source reliable information about the statistics the network participants' activities and absolutely transparent system investment and profit distribution, built smart contracts. investor manager's token manager's token broker broker manager manager manager investor investor manager broker broker manager's token manager's token -genesis vision token -manager's token investor advantages for investors investors have access managers from all over the world. information available their trading and profit statistics, which now accessible one place. the set managers not limited any set financial instruments investors have the ability invest both the cryptocurrency and the fiat currencies. profit distribution completely transparent and open there better availability investment portfolios for any request (high-risk, low-risk, etc.). investors have additional protection, due the fact that all managers have real trading history that cannot faked. investing now not just transfer money but the purchase cryptocurrency, which remains liquid throughout the process and can resold any time. advantages for private managers and funds there are increased opportunities attract investors from any country, regardless whether they are client the same broker not. transparency and fairness report construction guarantees fair competition between all managers. there are excellent opportunities for promoting your own trading strategy attract more investors. there increased investor confidence, due guaranteed transparency, which will lead increase the average investor's check. managers issue their own branded cryptocurrency, which can freely traded investors. advantages for brokers there centralized company. the company decentralized and represented all network members. brokers have opportunity attract investors from all over the world. participation the network free with identical terms for all participants. all necessary software open and free. necessary, can further adjusted meet the needs the broker. due the openness genesis vision software, brokers can sure that their data not compromised disclosed. brokers have the right any marketing, use any methods attracting managers, and establish any trading conditions for managers. the system does not require any information about the broker's client base. the only necessary information the manager's trading history, which will placed into the blockchain and the profit the manager, which will brought the genesis vision system for distribution between investors. project architecture platform structure smart contracts the core the project are the ethereum smart contracts. application for working with the internal exchange and platform smart contracts platform structure integration with trading platforms personal cabinet internal exchange managers' cryptocurrencies registration investor registration new broker exchange fund interaction with integration modules ethereum smart contracts profit distribution between coin holders creation manager account issuance and management manager coins internal exchange managers' cryptocurrencies internal exchange the genesis vision platform the place where investors can purchase and sell managers' coins. managers have limited amount coins, which depends their level. initially, these coins can only purchased directly from the manager for fixed price. afterwards, they can freely traded among the investors the internal exchange. this case, investors set their own price for their managers' coins. the cost these coins will depend the success manager's trading because the manager's profitable trading makes his/her coins "profitable." manager profit investor profit manager profit profit exchange investor investor integration with trading platforms order connect the genesis vision network, broker needs install integration plug-in for his trading platform. this plugin will bridge between the blockchain and broker's trading platform. the integration plug-in will perform the following functions: interact with smart contracts and the ethereum broker's wallet broker's trading platform integration plugin transfer money the manager's trading account, according the transferred funds investors ipfs content-addressable, peer-to-peer hypermedia distributed file system (github.com/ipfs/ipfs) genesis vision network receive all transactions the manager and write ipfs real time client applications interact with the platform, mobile and web application will developed. this application will allow investors and managers perform all the necessary actions. the basic actions include: view the list managers trading managers' tokens the internal exchange basic actions viewing the history trades and statistics managers investing managers application functionality for managers: creating, depositing funds, and configuring your trading account viewing the actions investors the end the reporting period application functionalities for managers viewing your statistics and trades viewing the list investors scheme operation the platform investor profit profit trading platform trading platform profit profit investor investor profit trading platform profit connecting broker the broker's connection scheme simple possible: the owner the trading platform only needs install the genesis vision software, which free and distributed with open license. brokers can also provide potential managers' access the genesis vision manager registration function their client application generally "become genesis vision manager" button. connecting managers traders submit applications either through their brokers' websites, connected the genesis vision network, directly through the website http://genesis.vision. under simple conditions (having minimum amount one's own funds trading account), the trader becomes the manager the genesis vision platform. from that moment, all managers' trades will automatically verified, uploaded, and recorded smart contract, building trustworthy trading history and statistics. new manager registration triggers the emission his own cryptocurrency the initial amount one thousand coins, available for purchase any member the network. additional issue coins (i.e., attraction additional funds management) depends the level the manager, which, turn, directly depends the success indicators particular manager's trading. available investments depend the level the manager: maximum investments min. own funds levels the manager trades using both his capital and the funds invested investors. the profit received result the trade automatically distributed proportionally between managerial token holders the end the reporting period. managers themselves choose the length the reporting period, according their trading strategies. the choice limited options such one week, two weeks, one month three months managers' coins investing performed purchasing manager's cryptocurrency. this method has several advantages over the traditional scheme transferring money manager's account: the manager's coin itself asset. any time, the investor can transfer/sell this cryptocurrency the internal exchange. the investor has the right return the coins the manager. however, the return occurs only the end the reporting period. the additional element gamification appears. unlike the traditional scheme, the user does not just give his money unknown until the end the reporting period. instead, the user buys "tangible" coins that are displayed his her personal cabinet and can cashed any time. this encourages investors potentially assemble large packages different coins, which contrast traditional investing. there additional factor involvement and user retention. the traditional investment scheme, investors are not involved the process that occurs between the moment investing and making profits. our case, they will able constantly monitor the exchange rates their managers' coins and the issuance new coins, trade cryptocurrency the internal exchange and forth. when investors purchase coins, gvts are transferred broker's account, where they are converted required currency and transferred manager's trading account. coin holders receive part the manager's profits, according their share, minus the manager's commission and fee. the investor has the right transfer coins sell the internal exchange. the investor can withdraw invested money, but only the end the reporting period, having previously created application for withdrawal. the case returns, the investor receives the money according his her share, and the coins are returned the manager for further sale the internal exchange. detailed process description registration order become manager genesis vision, traders confirm their participation their broker's website the website http://genesis.vision. prerequisite for participation the availability minimum amount their own funds the trading account. when registering, the manager indicates the length his reporting period, accordance with his trading strategy (one week, two weeks, one month, three months) this completes the registration, and the trader enters the list genesis vision managers. the manager's trading account blocked from depositing and withdrawing funds. the ethereum platform issues manager's own cryptocurrency the amount one thousand coins. coins immediately become available for investors purchase the primary market the manager's cryptocurrencies. the first reporting period begins. reporting period during the reporting period, the manager trades his her trading platform with the amount funds available the beginning. the history its trading unloaded from the trading platform and recorded ipfs real time. the manager can leave request for deposit/withdrawal his own funds from his trading account, which will processed the end the reporting period. this case, the amount remaining funds should not less than the minimum amount. investors can buy the manager's coins the primary market for gvt. this case, the transaction recorded the manager's smart contract and will implemented the end the reporting period. investors can freely transfer and sell their coins the internal exchange. investors can leave requests for withdrawal their invested funds, which will processed the end the reporting period. end the reporting period the integration plug-in initiates the completion the reporting period. each manager's profit calculated. all received profit, minus the manager's commission, transferred from the broker's wallet the address the smart contract. the integration plug-in executes requests for the input/output funds received during the reporting period. the next reporting period starts. managers' trading history control one the most important problems solved genesis vision platform the managers' trading history control and verification. were able record all transactions blockchain real time, would possible solution. but this not feasible for number reasons: blockchain technical limitations. processing such large number transactions will create considerable load blockchain platform. not all managers will agree publish all their transactions real time out concern for their trading strategies protection. the problem blockchain limitation can avoided using number existing technologies and new solutions: the broker's trading platform plug-in writes all transactions ipfs. off-chain communication channel created between members the network (using the whisper protocol any other). after each manager's transaction, hash the current trading history sent the network. special service verifies that there were history amendments, using received hashes and ipfs data. publishing managers' trades real time potentially endangers their unique trading strategy. that why traditional trust management systems usually offer option hide trading history during the reporting period. genesis vision would implemented follows: the beginning reporting period, broker's trading platform plug-in generates crypto key for the manager. all managers' transactions are written ipfs encrypted. the end reporting period, key for decryption published and the entire trading history becomes public and available for validation hashes. the implementation the genesis vision network all code will open and distributed with the maximum open license. brokers will able install software for integration, their trading platform supported. any developer company will able add support for additional trading platforms. trading instruments, exchanges and markets are not limited. connection the genesis vision network free charge and performed the brokers exchanges their own, with the help our partners. brokers and exchanges operating crypto-markets will involved. capturing the market the genesis vision project team has number advantages that will allow the project successful, and, most importantly, applied real operating business. our partners' companies have been engaged technological maintenance and software development for brokerage companies, mainly foreign exchange markets. their experience allows them integrate all the necessary software into the industry without unnecessary costs and delays difficulties from the broker's side. for example our partner tools for brokers inc. servicing more than companies from thirty different countries europe, asia, middle east, others). all these companies are potential brokers for the project. the moment, tools for brokers already sells similar centralized solution that installed the environment particular broker. this software was purchased more than eighty different companies around the world. the total turnover funds through this trust management system amounted more than billion. considering our more than contacts with brokerages among our partners and advisers, expect least brokerages join our distributed system within years. this will attract more than investors and roughly financial managers. according industry reports, the average trading volume for single investor lots usd including leverage) per month. thus, the total trading volume our distributed system could reach billion usd. since this statistics involves only existing customers, will make genesis vision one the largest blockchain applications. current situation the potential market shows that new project with decentralized transparent system demand industry which regulation has become tougher, and transparency has become the main competitive advantage. will soon become the only way work the market, which why cooperation with financial brokers was chosen the starting point the project. trust management industry receives much negative feedback due persistent stereotype sticky-fingered brokers and overall lack understanding the industry operation mechanisms. want make cleaner and better using the latest technologies. thanks the genesis vision project, will it. this will allow the project move from the idea phase operating business soon possible. will also further develop the project for all other markets including stock markets, cryptocurrency markets, futures markets, and forth. possible problems and their solutions blockchain restrictions token sale and genesis vision platform prototype development will take place ethereum platform. have chosen ethereum because currently the most popular and functional blockchain platform. however, ethereum has number serious and well-known flaws, the most critical being its lack scalability and its high transaction cost. the early stage our project, it's not serious problem. however, the expected scale genesis vision platform, according the number our potential broker clients, represents tens thousands managers, hundreds thousands investors, and millions transactions. this level load currently cannot handled ethereum. despite ethereum's flaws, love its technology and are following its development plans closely. vitalik buterin has already announced many promising features ethereum's upcoming versions. hope that these features will able improve the current situation. the moment, are continuing our platform development, based ethereum. but case reach ethereum's capabilities' limit (presumably can happen one-year period), can decide switch another blockchain, which will able meet the needs the project. blockchain technologies are developing rapidly, and there are already some promising alternatives. but one-year period, new favorite may appear, and the choice will obvious. case blockchain platform change, all ethereum tokens will migrated. token quantity and conditions for holders will remain unchanged. currency conversion problems brokers will receive money from investors gvt, but they will need transfer funds the manager's account the manager's account currency. brokers are currently working with several currencies, and many them are starting also support cryptocurrencies: https://www.allfxbrokers.com/brokers/deposit-options/bitcoin https://www.forexbrokers.com/bitcoin-brokers this way, brokers are able cope with this problem their own. however, order simplify this process for them and increase the number potential customers, genesis vision will offer brokers the following solutions: the opportunity quickly exchange cryptocurrencies for fiat (as well the reverse). for this purpose, will have exchange partners and exchangers. solution providing the service supporting gvt currency trading account. this will help avoid converting. solution help risk management for brokers. genesis vision fund gvt will form the genesis vision fund. tokens from this fund will regularly invested successful platform managers. plan keep the fund operating regardless the profit generates, constantly stimulating genesis vision managers' activity. the main objectives the fund are: attracting managers the system and stimulating their activities providing additional liquidity gvt exchanges providing additional liquidity managers' tokens genesis vision investment investment decision-making process will carried out fund management ai. this system will utilize both genesis vision's and our partners' robust financial expertise and state-of-the-art machine learning algorithms. project economics sources project profit the project will receive profit from commissions investment operations. each investment will charged the operation amount. the project will also generate profit from managing its own fund and investing successful managers our platform. token sale date options program start september date token sale start october date token sale end november token rate gvt gvt maximum token sale funding maximum number gvt tokens gvt for sale bounty, marketing, advisers team tokens genesis vision fund gvt will frozen during the token sale. team tokens will frozen for one-year period. unsold tokens will burned. actual commission value may changed. genesis vision token sale options recent token sale campaigns identified number problems this process: people who have been following the project for long time can simply late invest money. large influx transactions the first minutes after the launch the token sale creates difficulties for token sale investors and other ethereum blockchain users. due the geographical dispersion investors, participation for many them may compounded the fact that the launch token sale falls deep night their time zone. early investment bonuses are often given not actual first supporters, but those who managed the first carry out transaction the blockchain. solve these and number other problems, genesis vision team launching option program for token sale participation. conditions genesis vision option guarantees the right acquire gvt tokens specified price during the token sale. genesis vision option token based erc ethereum token standard. the option price the desired amount investment. options will also give additional bonuses for tokens' amount: acquire the option, token sale investor pays his total desired amount investments. the amount tokens available for the purchase during the token sale calculated according this formula: gvt inv gvt bonus gvt the amount tokens available for purchase with the option inv total desired amount investment gvt gvt token rate ($:) bonus current token sale bonus (%) the price token for option holders calculated according this formula: gvt inv gvt the price the option example: investor wants invest upcoming token sale. suppose the current token sale bonus the price the option the total amount investor can pay corresponding amount any supported currencies. the amount gvt available with this option will be: gvt gvt the price each gvt will be: gvt per token this example, investors are guaranteed able purchase gvt the price per token during the first day token sale. when option holder purchases gvt during the token sale his option (or part the option) exercised: option tokens are burned and corresponding amount gvt acquired. investors didn't exercise the option the first day the token sale, they can any other day, but this case the option will exercised only the token sale pool has enough tokens. option holders not exercise their options during the token sale, the options will cancelled. options can exercised partially. options are non-refundable; money collected from sold options can spent genesis vision immediately platform development and marketing. .genesis vision token genesis vision has its own token: gvt genesis vision token). gvt based erc ethereum token standard. gvt will used for all investment operations, profit distributions, and managers' token trading the internal exchange. all tokens will created during the token sale period. the number tokens limited, and the subsequent issuance tokens technically impossible. unsold tokens during the token sale are burned. the gvt based the ethereum blockchain. its implementation corresponds widely distributed standard. this allows token holders easily store and manage them using existing implementations ethereum wallets. the gvt will freely traded crypto-exchanges. factors influencing gvt price growth because the number tokens limited and subsequent issuance not all allowed, the price gvt will determined demand. demand for gvt will grow due the following factors: all investment operations will executed gvt. accordingly, increase genesis vision network members' trading volume will increase demand for tokens. the volume the potential market supported gvt significantly exceeds the tokens' market capitalization the time the token sale. genesis vision has well-thought-out development and marketing plan that will consistently increase the project's audience and the amount investments. genesis vision already has partners preceding its launch who will provide active client base (our partners include brokers around the world). development plan the budget and components are planned, assuming that our fundraising efforts will reach the estimated maximum amount. otherwise, part the components will have abandoned, and the budget will reduced for the remaining features. below full list features completed and the approximate implementation time reach fully prepared state: blocks our planned works blockchain platform ethereum prototype full platform ethereum blockchain integration with trading platforms mt/mt fix/fast protocol crypto-exchanges sdk for integration with our platform integration with exchanges (nyse, nasdaq, cme, moex, lse, jpx, sse, szse, sehk, nse, bse) client applications mobile application for investors: list managers, portfolios, statistics, signals, advising, social component mobile application for managers: maintaining profile, statistics, investors' review web application (for investors and managers) back office for brokers and funds fund management (ai) legal brokerage license for legalization our activities marketing attraction exchanges and brokers expansion the investor market attraction banks additional functionality the platform for the liquidity provider organization (the ability for brokers provide customers with cfd trading cryptocurrencies) social trading (pp signals) connecting the platform the banks roadmap allocation funds integration, servers, connectivity and auditing legal development and support other marketing team and project history the ceo genesis vision, ruslan kamenskiy, financial software developer with more than seven years experience. developed trading system for the stock exchange "saint petersburg", was head the software department financial broker company, and implemented hft strategies for the hedge fund. the co-founder genesis vision, dmitry nazarov, proficient software developer with over six years experience various international financial organizations. among them are brokerage company, stock exchange, and large uk-based foreign exchange company. recently, dmitry was working software development consultant the international atomic energy agency. the project started its life november when ruslan kamenskiy and dmitry nazarov won the hackrussia (http://hackrussia.ru) all-russian hackathon the nomination "finance and blockchain" with the genesis vision project. the project looked ambitious and promising that they continued work after the hackathon, adjusting its concepts suit real market needs. the beginning alexey kutsenko, ceo tools for brokers (http://tb.com), joined the team. his fintech company has been operating the market for eight years and has more than brokers clients. alexey helps elaborate strategy for entering the market and manages details genesis vision's trust management solution. the person responsible for the security our solution vlad roskov. vlad competitive hacker, playing with bc, the top russian ctf team. was team leader more smoked leet chicken, the number one global sport-hacking team the year according ctftime's overall rating. currently works kaspersky lab financial incidents investigation. casimir compaore senior software engineer who has over years development experience, especially the field data science. technical lead genesis vision team. casimir worked information technology officer african union commission. his has extensive experience asp.net, agile/lean development and microsoft certified professional developer. sam zakhezin end-to-end product developer, who has lead role the full-stack platform team (backend services, full-stack engineering, guiding and mentoring developers.) worked software developer different startup and enterprise projects since sam has mostly worked web-based information systems. his track record includes development different types online travel reservation systems, in-house full cycle hotel reservation system with integration external gds, airline reservation system travelport (uapi), development enterprise level system (e-commerce, warehouse, erp) for based company and related services and integration payment processing systems. genesis vision mobile lead arseny vasilyev. android and javascript developer. his total experience development years. for the last years has been working multimedia software company "fora soft" developer. has two huge side projects developed his own. the first one game named "schoolboy" for social network with installs. his second project mobile app "gdeshaverma" which helps people find the best kebab town. the app won city's gis hackathon and july has installs. this the core team behind genesis vision. total, the project unites around people who believe the open and decentralized future investing and work hard everyday make this idea reality. big part all support the project receives will directed towards expanding the team meet planned development goals.