guaranteed entrance token smart event ticketing protocol written the get foundation team amsterdam, august abstract get protocol whitepaper ticket fraud and exorbitant secondary ticket prices are age old phenomena that have had artists and their fans worried since the times dickens and shakespeare. thirty percent all tickets are resold with mark-ups between and the event ticket market know non-transparent, inexplicable transaction costs added tickets are common practice among ticketing services. the solution blockchain based event ticketing protocol used ticking and booking companies that will make exorbitant secondary market ticket prices and ticket fraud occurrences the past. the protocol will offer these features while providing absolute transparency for all actors involved. these features are accomplished introducing smart-ticketing protocol built upon the ethereum blockchain that will facilitate back-end backbone the sale and trade event tickets issuing smart tickets wallet addresses. the owner such smart ticket free anonymously sell ticket but can only within the decentralized and issuance price restricting infrastructure/rule-structure the get protocol. this ensures that ticket trades are done safely and within set price margin. over the counter trade additional off-chain fee surcharges are not possible trade anonymous and the tickets code non-static. the smart tickets code dynamic and will change factor over time and owner the ticket. this makes trading/selling the code outside the protocol impossible default. the token, the get, will act the main stable value holding asset the protocol each event cycle. this characteristic necessary for this honest ticketing platform, the token fiat value locking attribute adds both security and price stability the protocol during each event-cycle. the get protocol will further developed, owned and operation the get foundation. guts tickets blockchain based ticketing company from amsterdam with operational ticketing application/business that has initiated the get protocol and will also serve launching customer the protocol. over the past year, guts tickets has facilitated numerous events with its application and has much more lined for the future(k tickets already secured for alone). the token's issuance, its utility function within the get-protocol and the role for the token holder are all explained detail the body this whitepaper. short time? read our two-pager for brief overview our proposition. supply type total circulating supply december total circulating supply after transfer referral and bounty tokens. total get minted crowdsale contract maximum supply get: maximum theoretical get max circulating supply: get table summary the circulating and maximum supply get. check the minting, burning and vesting specifications and subsequent proofs viewing this public google spreadsheet. monitor the movement the get etherscan. crowdsale summary guts tickets, the get foundation the future ticketing the ticketing company guts currently selling blockchain-registered guts tickets the get foundation tickets via its smart-ticketing appli- provides smart ticketing services provides open blockchain protocol cation. alone the company customers: event organizers, customers: ticketing companies, sold tickets for more than events festivals and venue owners. promotors and booking companies. totalling more than tickets. builds consumer facing smart provides value conserving where traditional ticketing compaticketing web-application. protocol for ticketing companies. nies provide buyer with static operational since white paper published code, the guts application serves launching customer: hekwerk launching customer: the user with dynamic code ticket year. guts tickets that changes function over time guts tickets get foundation (stichting) and owner. one the netherlands registrant number: registrant number: most prominent theater companies, both entities are incorporated the netherlands and hekwerk theaterproducties, have are fully compliant with dutch/eu rules and regulations. partnered with guts and its team. this deal alone secures protocol us- table the difference between guts tickets and the get founage for more than tickets dation. several prominent artists and their management, for example guus meeuwis and martin garrix. booker chris payne itb(repr. adele, maroon etc.) have also shown their support for our vision efficient and transparently merged primary and secondary ticketing market. with main philosophy cutting out the profits made parties adding little value the event value chain. the protocol allows ticket owners resell their ticket anonymously other consumers directly the web-application without the risk being defrauded getting scalping with fees/excessive margins. the get protocol operational. the get protocol more than white paper proof concept. reality. guts tickets already selling smart tickets registered the blockchain. after the crowdsale completed other functionalities reselling tickets within price margin will added the protocols functionality. check out the events ticket for try out the sandbox environment and experience the future ticketing for yourself. about the completed crowdsale get protocol softcap hardcap goal crowdsale result circulating supply maximum supply total burned average get price during complete sale the get protocol ico ended december eeuro status total get reached million get after completing public pre-sale crowdsale completed million get (ended december cet) e.. million eth .., get crowdsale bounty referral partitions .., get meaning all get ever minted. there will never more get than .., get* this amount get existence. total two token burns where conducted. one the half-way point and the last one finalization. the crowdsale. both burn summed amount total of: .., get burned. average (including the private public pre-sale) contributors received get/eth. total unique contributors participated the crowdsale. table summary the get protocol ico. details about the recalibration the hard-cap the half way point due the increased ether price described our blog. contents crowdsale summary guts tickets, the get foundation the future ticketing introduction non transparent and profitable market the ticket life cycle and middlemen the right resell the ticket the get protocol solution introducing smart tickets the ethereum network introducing the get foundation and guts tickets guts tickets the get foundation event ticketing principles token technology get utility diagrams conclusions the token's utility why the protocol needs its own token buying smart ticket smart ticket buy-use cost path smart ticket buy-sell cost path token economy pillars the token economy the user growth fund (ugf) the get price oracle (gpo) the stability fund (sf) stability fund continuity get price the open market get acquisition for event organizers get event cost fund (ecf) guaranteed exchange rate business landscape competition ico get protocol roadmap the road ahead phase and protocol development principles empowering the get foundation get foundation assets get foundation assets team get foundation assets ico get foundation assets governance details introduction distribution get tiers: exchange rates mechanics the crowdsale dynamic ico queuing application details the get presale functionalities ico get tokens budget allocation team this white paper introduces the guaranteed entrance token (get): transparent and open smart-ticketing protocol for any event with regulated admission. the get-protocol provides primary actors the event space the following benefits: users: get ensures that event participants enjoy secure and stress-free ticketing experience, and provides simple and inexpensive way for ticket holders who cannot attend the event securely sell their tickets other consumers/users. content-creators: the get protocol prohibits commercial ticket resellers from disturbing the value chain; artists can certain that their fans pay fair price for guaranteed, authentic ticket. event organizers: get provides scalable ticketing protocol manage ticket sales for any size events secure and controlled manner. get controls and accounts for the true value and cost transactions, the ticket and possible margins/discounts. the blockchain ensures transparency the true price and properties the tickets sold. this transparency design aims eliminate middlemen from the value chain. the protocol increases market efficiency whole while increasing margins for the stakeholders delivering actual value. venues: get provides users with honest and fraud-free experience that promotes higher occupancy rate the venue. the token will also allow venues offer dynamic pricing their tickets and thereby maximizing for attendance. tickets are only used actual attendees allows for accurate re-marketing (on opt-in basis) and giving discounts their loyal and non-scalping customers their venue. about this white paper this white paper structured follows. chapter will describe the current ticketing market, the issues faces, introduce smart tickets solution and the get foundation and guts its champions. the principles for such smart ticket based blockchain solution will set out chapter the get protocol and get and how stakeholders will interact with them during the first two phases development, the subject chapter chapter contains roadmap for the development the get protocol. chapter will contain analysis the competitive landscape. the final chapter sets out the details the get protocol ico and structuring the get foundation collecting the contributions. this final chapter will also include description the team member behind the get protocol initiative. legal disclaimer this white paper does not constitute prospectus any sort, not solicitation for investment and our knowledge does not pertain any way offering securities other financial products instruments falling under the scope financial regulations any jurisdiction. rather, outlines our vision about the properties and functionalities the get protocol. this white paper meant for audience that has profound understanding concepts like the blockchain, its usage public and private keys, crypto currencies and tokens. the reader understands and accepts that while the get foundation will make reasonable efforts develop the get protocol outlined, possible that such development may fail may different foreseen for technical, commercial, regulatory other reasons. even all parts the get protocol are successfully developed and released full parts, due lack interest from target stakeholders, the get protocol could fully partially abandoned, remain commercially unsuccessful shut down for lack interest other reasons. introduction scalpers, ticket touts, black market sellers, and secondary ticketers are all terms used describe people and organizations that profit from the reselling tickets without adding any value the industry. many countries, primary ticketing organizations and other stakeholders have attempted restrict the secondary market, but these initiatives offer little protection the consumer. though secondary ticketing organizations facilitate free market and match high ticket demands with similar offers, resellers are denounced fans and artists alike, who criticize resellers for deceptive tactics and exorbitant price hikes. blockchain based tickets are solution this problem and various other issues the ticketing industry faces. guts tickets, operational smart ticketing company, has pioneered such solution. offering blockchain protocol, that can used back-bone api/protocol for ticketing companies, the get foundation will drive this effort revolutionize the ticketing sector and create industry wide paradigm shift that will result completely honest and transparent ticketing value streams for all actors. artificial scarcity and fraud professional resellers create unnecessary scarcity the ticket-acquisition process, creating confusion about the price and availability tickets. their intrusion into the process imposes burden fans and threatens artists' revenue from live performances: events which are becoming increasingly crucial artists' success. instances ticket fraud compound these problems, many fans are denied access events because they were sold invalid, fake, already scanned ticket. non transparent and profitable market the difference demand and price between the moment ticket goes sale and the time that the event begins creates lucrative arbitrage opportunity for middlemen resellers, whether they are individuals, bots, companies. this arbitrage opportunity results two distinct ticket markets: the primary ticket market event organizers content creators (i.e. artists) issue original tickets the primary market, price that they set themselves. event organizers then engage ticketing companies sell and distribute the tickets for the event, and the ticketing company typically charges transaction and administration costs addition the original ticket price. some cases, these added costs are distributed between the event organizer and the ticketing company without the consumer knowing. the secondary ticket market thirty percent all tickets are sold through the secondary market. the ticket resellers that belong this market, such touts and scalpers, acquire quantities the original tickets with the intention selling them much higher price. ticket touts advertise ticket sales for upcoming events before the primary market even issues the tickets and, some cases, touts make deal with primary ticketing companies acquire certain number original tickets before they are available for purchase fans. falsifying event tickets the most objectionable type secondary ticketing practice fraud. the authenticity ticket determined ink printed onto piece paper through image pdf file, "technology" that makes committing ticket fraud easy taking screen shot operating copier. the secondary ticket market numbers europe economics undertook study gain better understanding the structure and scale the secondary ticketing market. the studies findings: for popular music festivals, tickets are resold mark-up for high-end events (e.g. kings leon), tickets are resold mark-up for very high-end events (e.g. madonna), tickets are resold, often with mark-up exceeding the ticket life cycle and middlemen assessing the life cycle ticket for popular event reveals vast number intermediaries between the content creator and the end user. several these intermediaries the promoters, the bookers, the artists' management, the venues themselves, and the primary ticketing companies add certain value the chain. the fragmentation all these intermediaries, however, prevents transparency and results two problems: the commercial ticket reseller and dishonest transaction costs. transparent market avoids these issues and provides end users with fair and straightforward ticket purchasing experience. consequences for the stakeholders addition the unnecessary burdens they impose fans, middlemen can also create problems for event organizers and content creators, including low ticket sales and inability attract the right audience. exorbitant ticket prices often provoke conflict between unhappy fans and content creators, who are themselves incapable controlling prices set secondary market resellers. other stakeholders rarely share user data with the content creators, with the risk that the latter lose critical opportunity cultivate sustainable fan base. despite adding very little value the event itself, intermediaries earn more than the content creators. event organizers bear all the financial risks, yet they have little control over ticket sales because they have alternative than enlist ticketing company issue tickets. relinquishing the control ticket sales third party, content creators and event organizers are, their own expense, providing opportunities intermediaries who benefit the short-term without contributing the artists' future success, making the promotion upcoming events more difficult and allowing the events themselves remain large financial risk for organizers. the right resell the ticket purchased ticket the property the end user, and users have the fundamental right (re)sell their property. regulating ticket reselling, however, complicated, and current solutions remain inadequate. the netherlands, for example, law end extreme prices for secondary tickets remains under review six years after was first proposed. governments will not provide global solution for the problem, let alone local one. the rise online markets has eroded the government's power regulate, even when the laws are place. modern ticketing companies mainly use barcodes codes store all the ticket data required for event admission. these data types merely obfuscate ticket holder's information, which later checked against database prior entry. information only encoded, not encrypted, and therefore can scanned and decoded anyone with smart phone. these vulnerabilities provide opportunities for malicious actors modify these data structures and create new barcode that will unique but not recognized legitimate when consumers try use them enter event. the scarcity event tickets combined with the unregulated nature the market ensures that resellers will always exploit end users with exorbitant secondary tickets prices. common knowledge that certain primary ticketing companies and secondary ticketing companies are subsidiaries the same holding companies, which illustrate how market forces incentivize revenue maximization the detriment content creators and fans alike. market primary ticketing market secondary ticketing market problems lack market transparency results high and undefined added costs. collusion between stakeholders thrives without transparency. touts, scalpers and resellers cause excessive inflation secondary ticket prices. ticket buyers have guarantee ticket authenticity. the "middle man" effect the secondary market results loss user data. table overview the problems with traditional ticketing markets. the demand stakeholders now that clear what wrong with the market, another more important question arises: what the stakeholders actually want? the wish list displayed below was drafted the basis experiences, research and meetings with stakeholders all over the industry and including from our launching customer guts tickets. stakeholder end user content creator event organisers venues wishes fair ticket price. low transaction costs. ability sell the ticket when unable attend the event. guaranteed authenticity tickets. tickets sold actual fans, not resellers. increased sales and event attendance. fair prices and authentic tickets for fans. ability create and sustain community fans. acceptable financial risk for event. effective sales solution for any size event. stable selling and distribution tickets. stable sale and distribution tickets. fair dynamic pricing for high occupancy events. user data collection (with permission). reduced ticket fraud. efficient validation process. easy-to-use system. ability sell additional offers before the event (e.g. drinks). table event ticket market shortcomings overview. the get protocol solution solution the issues posed the secondary market should address the root cause the problem: the ability resell tickets higher price charging additional and unnecessary fees. the solution proposed this white paper--the gauranteed entrance token (get) protocol--does just that. introducing smart tickets the inherent difference between the market value tickets the moment initial sale and the moment the event sells out creates arbitrage opportunity for both businesses and consumers that are hard resist. even for initially non-profit-seeking consumers, difficult ignore the sudden price increase ticket. data analysis the "fair" secondary ticket market platform, ticketswap, confirms this statement. the company reported that regular ticket holders who want sell their ticket other fans seem strongly inclined add mark-up for their ticket. role regulation even strict government regulation that specifically forbids ticket sales for profit the secondary market does little deter the practice itself. the rise online markets has eroded the government's power regulate, even when the laws are place. modern ticketing companies mainly use barcodes codes store all the ticket data required for event admission. these data types merely obfuscate ticket holder's information, which later checked against database prior entry. information only encoded, not encrypted, and therefore can scanned and decoded anyone with smart phone. these vulnerabilities provide opportunities for bad actors modify these data structures and create new barcode that will unique but not recognized legitimate when consumers try use them enter event. nerds the rescue from both technological and political perspective, regulating the sale tickets by, for example, tracking the profit margins made each ticket, almost impossible. eliminate the shortcomings inherent modern tickets and ticket reselling, tickets should able "know" when ownership changes and the tickets themselves should dictate the price the transfer. other words, need make event tickets "smart" and store information robust and transparent database. did somebody say smart tickets blockchain? source: www.medium.com/@ticketswap the ethereum network ethereum decentralized database that incorruptible any central malicious actor. can accessed anyone with internet connection and very cheap harness. these features render the blockchain transparent nature, such that many the oversight and ticket verification issues are solved immediately. blockchain technology provides environment where consumers could locate validated and trusted list outlets selling tickets the blockchain. smart contracts the get protocol composed entirely smart contracts that allow for the creation and validation events and tickets. the issuance and sale tickets primary and secondary ticket markets (which can controlled event organizers) and the distribution ticket sale revenue and market/event fees between the stakeholders are both monitored and executed with these smart contracts. the protocol charges minimal fees for the use and creation these contracts, thereby making the protocol competitive against the current off-chain solutions and ensuring maximal adoption. introducing the get foundation and guts tickets guts tickets guts tickets blockchain-based ticketing company founded march three dutch entrepreneurs. the company employs eight developers and has won multiple innovation awards both the netherlands well throughout europe. guts tickets has partnered with some the most famous comedians the netherlands support the mission truly transparent ticketing. visit the guts website view the events previously ticketed guts, and use the ethereum blockchain explorer view the tickets the chain. you want experience the future event ticketing, check out our sandbox ticketing app and test for yourself. curious? buy and sell (free) smart ticket for event via the guts ticketing application our sandbox environment: https://sandbox.guts.tickets/events experience and partners guts tickets over the last year its existence, guts tickets has acquired both actual real-world experience the business selling tickets for events and, running successful demos, has collected set important and influential stakeholders the dutch market, including hekwerk theatre productions. this company organizes theatre shows annually and has major artists and comedians under management. guts tickets completed successful pilot program with a-venue (organizer east ville and latin village festivals), which organizes several festivals that draw over attendees. addition, guts tickets has upcoming events the pipeline cooperation with major event organizer and partner innofest. the get foundation guts tickets came the conclusion that truly unleash revolution the ticketing industry, the technology developed should further developed and operated from within separate foundation other ticketing companies will able make use the get protocol. moreover, guts tickets realised that order increase the pace and expand scope, such foundation would require sufficient resources. hence the choice conducting ico for building and deploying this protocol worldwide was made. legal status separate foundation fully dedicated designing the get protocol has been incorporated: 'stichting get protocol foundation' (the get foundation, trade registry number this foundation incorporated the netherlands and under the laws the netherlands. foundation under dutch law has board, and does not have shareholders members. may operate business, employ persons, own assets and enter into agreements. importantly, however, foundation under dutch law may not distribute profits. the way forward guts tickets developed and tested what will here coin the "genesis" version the get protocol, which will further developed and tested the get foundation. will explain further chapters, guts tickets will transfer the requisite assets the get foundation and will serve launching customer the get protocol. the get protocol moves fully distributed smart event ecosystem, intend that other event organizers and ticketing companies can use our open source infrastructure develop their own use case for the get protocol. want the get protocol and the tools associated with become the standard for smart event ticketing. after years being ripped off and defrauded, festival and theatre visitors deserve secure, fair and well-engineered event protocol. further details about the get foundation, guts tickets, their cooperation and the get protocol will given the following chapters. partnerships guts tickets the get protocol foundation blog announcement oktober partnership secured with hekwerk. responsible for tickets per year. hekwerk will using guts/get for their ticketing increasingly from this point forward. blog announcement december international partnership secured with get the ring. officially taking the smart ticketing solution over the dutch border! blog announcement december guts/get announced partnership with modestus, event huge dutch stadium fill organizer. modestus organizes club- and theatre tours and also organizes concerts stadiums for artists like guus meeuwis. modestus filled the philips stadium (with capacity people) more than times since the inception the company event ticketing principles introduction the previous chapter have described the current state the ticketing industry and outlined the obvious problems and inefficiencies millions consumers have endure when buying ticket. believe that blockchain technology can introduce layer transparency the costs incurred the ticketing industry. touting and scalping practices can prevented with help from the possibilities offered the get protocol proposed this white paper. this chapter will outline event ticketing principles. these principles are not theoretical conceptual, but have been learned and are currently applied guts tickets over the last months through real-world interaction with event organizers, venue owners, and, most important, ticket-buying customers. this chapter describe how guts tickets currently sells tickets via the blockchain using the "genesis" version the get protocol. other words, describe solution that already works. more specifically, will outline the experiences that have led series design decisions and incentive structures that will define the further development the get protocol the get foundation. principle you can't have your cake and eat too all modern ticketing services provide the buyer with either code barcode ("code") containing the necessary data determine ticket's validity. the problems the secondary market arise because these codes are static. this because the code printed the ticket has inherent connection the ticket's owner. with the get protocol, the code will linked the owner rather than the ticket, allowing the get protocol control and regulate the secondary ticket market. furthermore, the get protocol utilizes dynamic code that only revealed right before event starts. this way, scalpers cannot sell fake ticket because they don't have code sell the first place. the screenshot below from the guts application show how these(figure features work, viewed from user's smartphone. figure the code the smart ticket (at left) remains hidden during the days/weeks leading the event, therefore trading tickets outside the get protocol impossible default(there data sell). the user-specific code (middle) appears just before the event starts. once scanned the entrance the user-specific code disappears (right), preventing last minute reselling the ticket. the code itself changes function time, thus taking screen-shots the ticket before the scan practical use; any screen-capped code becomes invalid just minutes after has been captured. implementations this principle the ticket's code dynamic, not static, meaning changes function time, and when transferred different user. the event organizer chooses and sets the time that they want user-specific codes become visible. codes are linked users through their phone number only the ticket owner will receive his her ticket, and the verified phone only. principle professional resellers are professional secondary ticket sales billion dollar market. consequently, those seeking make profit this market employ sophisticated techniques and are willing work around "inconvenient" barriers. the notion that the secondary market merely collection bots consists at-home casual resellers looking make quick buck naive. ensure that these malicious actors cannot profit from resale scheme, the measures set forth must robust and foolproof. implementations this principle user verification means text message link the user specific mobile phone number. smart ticket exclusively linked phone's sim card, therefore the code will only appear this verified phone. users can simply tap the dynamic smart ticket their phone sell their ticket, eliminating the need for secondary market well preventing scalpers from selling tickets their own platform. the implementation this principle displayed figure below. there are several alternatives available verify users uniqueness when buying ticket (for example: facebook, civic etc.) would possible for ticket-scalpers sell physical sim card containing the smart tickets for event. this would extremely inconvenient and hard actually scale, the secondary markets would have sell sim cards instead pdfs with codes them. figure transferring trading tickets outside the protocol impossible. user wants sell their ticket, cannot outside the smart ticket interface. the steps selling ticket the get protocol are shown this series screen-shots. note that all actions happen the browser the user's phone--no special application software required sell your event ticket the get protocol. principle blockchain has its disadvantages (at least for now) large concerts and festivals have multiple entrances and scanning devices can use simultaneously. this rate, constant stream codes must scanned and the validity the tickets verified. after validation, each ticket must instantly marked used, prevent others from sharing the same code within moments each other. currently, blockchain technology too slow accommodate robust, competitive, and user-friendly instant verification ticketing system times such peak capacity. this disadvantage would prevent adoption blockchain based solution the current stakeholders the market. until blockchain can accommodate all the needs stakeholders--and believe will, time--the get api fills the blanks. with this approach, the get foundation will bring competitive ticketing service the market that will gradually introduce more on-chain solutions over the course the get protocol roll out. implementations this principle instant(under second) validation ticket ownership and validity now done off-chain with the get api. critical and sensitive user data stored postgress database get foundation. theatre seating selection algorithm and interface will run get foundation server and shall not yet computed the blockchain. waiting list application avoids blockchain congestion and acts load balancer for surges api-calls. this makes the get protocol ticketing application hybrid blockchain protocol. utilizing the established and scalable functionality aws with the transparent backbone the ethereum blockchain. sale and change ownership the smart tickets are registered the blockchain soon the network allows it. principle ease use for the end user and clients you are reading this white paper you probably have least basic understanding concepts like the blockchain and its usage public and private keys. the average visitor concert does not have this understanding and most cases not interested learning about these concepts. similarly, users the internet love its positive contributions society but very few are familiar with the theory behind the tcp-ip standard. blockchain technology and know-how different this respect. the average attendee event purely interested attending the event with little effort possible that should entail unknown crypto volatility risk. implementations this principle for end user the interface the get ticket application works such way that the interaction with the get protocol completely obscured from the ticket holder. point the ticket-flow the user required have any knowledge blockchains tokens. ticket owner will able view his her ticket the ethereum blockchain. additional functionalities and options can added. read our roadmap chapter below for more details. implementations this principle for event organizers dashboard with insightful real time data concerning the sale for event organizers and venue holders. next business day payment settlement the sales revenue the organizers. audit trail for tickets sold secondary market, thus generating more reliable data insights for stakeholders. easy reimbursement funds customers when event cancelled. after confirming the users unique phone number, ethereum wallet will created and linked the verified user. the user won't aware these back end operations can seen figure below. figure users will verify their phone number when creating new account the platform and when logging in. this measure ensures that only unique users hold tickets, without relying any crypto complexity. principle use existing stakeholders penetrate the market working with industry players. while bypassing all current ticketing stakeholders create new and completely disruptive platform seems tempting, guts tickets has learned over the last months that this strategy would ultimately fail. the thresholds required penetrate the market are too great, and adoption the get protocol would severely limited. maximize the chances for adoption, the get foundation, supported launching customer guts tickets, will collaborate with current market stakeholders and will use existing infrastructure the value chain. guts tickets has partnered, and the get foundation will partner, with several powerhouses the business build desired features and functions, and these industry experts are helping avoid mistakes and misconceptions about the market. screenshot the ticket selection page the jochem myjer pilot, which attendee theater show sold out within hours. changes ticket ownership both the primary the secondary market were registered the blockchain. token technology introduction the guaranteed entrance token (get) will address the broken event ticketing market described the previous chapters. the get erc token built top ethereum blockchain. the first phases development the tokens role will concern the unit exchange for the transaction and administration costs incurred during the ticketing process. thus, the initial phase protocol deployment, get will act metric represent and account for the efforts and added value stakeholders such event organizers, payment processors, and ticketing agencies. the utility get within the ticketing ecosystem the get protocol, get required for the creation and trading smart tickets. without get, event organizers cannot create events issue smart tickets, nor can they change the state contract. users the protocol also need get assigned their unique user accounts order sell their ticket(s), because the get pays and accounts for all transaction and processing costs incurred the protocol. every actor wallet the get protocol every actor and user will assigned unique smart wallet, providing the secure storage, transfer, and processing digital assets everyone the get ecosystem. consumer's get protocol account connected its identity, therefore these consumers will use the same smart wallet and get protocol account for every event that they attend, regardless event organizer. these features introduce several disruptive and innovative elements crypto the average consumer secure and user-friendly manner. this chapter describe the development the get protocol its first two phases. get utility diagrams the following two pages contain two high-level diagrams that illustrate how users and event organizers interact with the get protocol, and how get facilitate these interactions. figure page shows the get utility the most common protocol case: consumer buying and using ticket for event. table lists the contracts displayed the diagram. the bullet points the next page describes the steps a-e that are taken end user who buys smart ticket the protocol. the diagram figure page describes the secondary market mechanics happening the get protocol. user with ticket wants sell their ticket, the smart ticket can offered the event-specific secondary market built into the protocol. this event-specific secondary market, tickets are sold for their original selling price alongside the tickets the event organizer (also known the primary ticketing market). contract description event ticketing contract (etc) this contract owned the event organizer. addition being the instantiator and managing contract all the smart tickets the event, this contract also wallet that contains get purchased the event organizer. primary secondary market contract (psmc) this contract acts central matching market for both the tickets sold the primary market (by the event organizer) and the tickets sold the secondary market. after receiving get from the ustc contract, this contract will return valid ticket the ustc contract. user smart ticket contract (ustc) this contract manages the get users with valid tickets and responsible for serving the code users with these tickets right before the event starts. for providing this service the contract receives get from those who use the contract. table functions and roles the three contracts labelled figure page step a-e figure explained. unknown customer enters the protocol with the intention buy ticket. the user's phone (or web browser) unknown the protocol after signing (meaning the user never used his phone buy ticket the protocol), the user will asked create account the protocol providing some basic user data. the account creation phase (a) the user has provided the protocol with phone number. the following step, the phone number will verified means sms/text message containing verification code. this point the user will shown interface which she able pay for the ticket using the available payment methods. the user will need tokens order interact with the protocol, the price the get that the user will need included the ticket price. the event organizer (see contract etc) has already purchased get from the open market. these get are available for distribution the event attendees and thus will sent the user's wallet when the user completes the fiat payment via the payment processor. after payment completed, the api will send the required amount get tokens the ustc contract. this point the process, the user will buy the ustc contract. this contract will forward amount get the psmc contract, which will transfer the user available smart ticket object. this object controlled the ustc contract. the event horizon (the moment event begins) the psmc contract activates all the users' smart tickets, delivering the codes needed for entry the ticket owners' verified phones. figure the process consumer verification and the purchase smart ticket the get protocol. note that the tokens the user receives after purchase the smart ticket are partially used different smart contracts the get protocol. this diagram also shows the role the event organizer within the protocol. figure the mechanics secondary ticketing market. note that both the seller the smart ticket well the buyer the ticket pay amount get the psmc contract (depicted 'secondary market' figure for the seller this payment will cover the costs fiat settlement the ticket the payment processor his her bank account. for the buyer this payment will cover the regular fiat and processing costs also displayed figure conclusions the token's utility consumer using the get protocol purchase, use, sell smart ticket must, regardless how the user interacts with the protocol pay certain amount get for using the protocol. purchase get for users will combined with the checkout flow when buying ticket; thus, can only done via the ticket purchasing platform the ticketing company that using the get protocol. this means that the purchase price the minimum get amount (or the number get needed top the user's balance the minimum get amount) added checkout the ticketing application. after consumer pays fiat, get transferred the user's wallet and the smart ticket linked with the user's account. both these state changes are registered chain. likely for user have 'residual' get balance (residue) after buying and using smart ticket for event. this means that the user will have pay less transaction costs the get foundation the next time she uses the protocol. besides being fair cost allocation mechanism these get residues ensure that the tokens are distributed and benefit users that actually use the protocol. every unique user account that interacts with the get protocol buying ticket assigned wallet his her user account. the user keeps this wallet and the funds this wallet indefinitely. why the protocol needs its own token but why adding token necessary? why not implement large-scale smart ticketing protocol with ether metric for event and ticket value? these are valid questions, but there are several important reasons why the get protocol needs its own token provide seamless solutions for the current ticketing market. get stable store value the event ticket get both the metric and the vehicle for every value transfer between actors the get protocol during the minimum balance get needed wallet for specific event varies based event specific characteristics. event ticket cycle. the incentive structure the get protocol ensures that time progresses, actors within the get protocol will use the token account for higher volume transactions while also covering more the ticket value overall. due several event-specific price stabilizing measures--covered the subsequent chapters the exposure end users and event organizers from volatility crypto markets will minimized. funding the get protocol development develop get protocol which accessible for every ticketing company the world, development funds are necessary actualize the new smart ticketing standard proposed this whitepaper. would absolute waste the dutch market alone was dominated guts powered smart ticketing get protocol. such, the get protocol should generalized and open sourced that every company interesting joining the transparent ticketing revolution can so. this endeavour requires not only solid and open code base, but also marketing and sales efforts focused obtaining key stakeholders every target market. providing transparency get solves the added-cost "black-box" using the token pay for all the state changes the smart contract has register the blockchain. this set-up creates transparent system which all actors (including the end user) can interact with and verify for themselves how value flows between all actors the get protocol. get gatekeeper the protocol get allow the get protocol monitor and control the get protocol wallets and event organizers via the properties assigned the token. while not the intention restrict actors the ecosystem indefinitely, some control needed early stages development guarantee stability and usability all times. buying smart ticket when user buys ticket, there are several ways can used. buying ticket and entering the event the commonly used route. user buying ticket and then selling with the get protocol example more complex route. even more complex route user who buys four tickets, sells one and uses the remaining three, etc. different routes mean that users incur different costs. depending user behaviour, different costs are applicable. define and express these cost routes, several abstractions are needed. these abstractions (found table and page provide the protocol with metric allocate the costs and provides the user with insight into the costs incurred ticket route. smart ticket buy-use cost path new user buys ticket and uses enter the event; thus, the user does not resell the ticket with the get protocol. all the indicated price points are example data and act indicator each point. the "type" column indicates what kind cost incurred that step. 'gas' indicates cost within the protocol that accounts for the gas costs needed process the state changes and contract instantiation the ethereum blockchain. 'fiat' indicates cost segment protocol actor that denominated (and possibly settled) fiat currency. 'get' indicates cost that should paid the protocol the event organizer use the system for event. the ground level for this cost-segment hard-coded e.. description ticket platform costs create ethereum address for unique user ticket instatiation (initial sale ticket) online payment cost (of initial sale) ticket creation and distribution protocol cost assigning ticket user smart ticket activation smart ticket scanned actor ticketing company type fiat var pricea ethereum network gas ethereum network gas payment processor fiat ethereum network gas min get protocol get ethereum network gas user attends the event ethereum network gas ethereum network gas table all the possible cost points user encounters the back end the get protocol for the buy-use cost route. the gas price needed dynamic over the runtime event/contract and can change, therefore certain comfort margin shall added for reliability. smart ticket buy-sell cost path when new user buys ticket and resells the ticket within the internal ticket market the get protocol. all the displayed cost components are example data and should interpreted indication the costs smart ticket encounters the event ticket cycle. the only 'hard coded' cost component for each event ticket the protocol cost variable. this cost component will charge the minimum e.. description ticket platform costs create ethereum address for unique user ticket instatiation (initial sale ticket) online payment cost (of initial sale) ticket creation and distribution protocol cost assigning ticket user putting ticket for sale get protocol assign ticket buyer option chosen route paying the seller the amount fiat option paying the seller get actor ticketing company type fiat var pricea ethereum network gas ethereum network gas payment processor fiat ethereum network gas min gas ticket resold ethereum network gas payment processor fiat ethereum network gas get protocol get ethereum network gas user decides sell the ticket ethereum network table all the possible cost-points user encounters the back end the get protocol for the buy-sell cost route. the gas price needed dynamic over the runtime event/contract and can change, therefore certain comfort margin shall added for reliability. meaning user that doesn't have get protocol account/smart-wallet assigned their identity. total cost per ticket route and residual different ticket holder behaviours result different costs for the stakeholders. the protocol should keep track the costs incurred present this data the end user transparent way when assigning the minimal number get required for user interact with the protocol. funds must set aside the protocol for the most costly route possible. user chooses cheaper cost route, this results residual get balance that stays the user wallet for future use. this means that the user will have pay fewer transaction/processing costs the get foundation the next time she uses the protocol. apart from fairly distributing costs, this concept also allows get distributed among very large user base, which will stimulate community growth. dynamic pricing with tokens get will also used promoters, venues and event organizers tool facilitate dynamic pricing optimize attendance events and reward customer loyalty. while the benefits and logic behind dynamic pricing beyond the scope this whitepaper the ability get seamlessly and transparently issue value/utility actors within the protocol one the reasons why blockchain back-bone provides the ticketing sector much room for improvement both the efficiency existing functions well the addition totally new and innovative functions. cost route new user buy ticket and attend event buy ticket and sell ticket total cost ticket route for get protocol table table displaying the total costs for user. and indicate two different cost routes user can follow when using the protocol. this particular case, the pbuy-sell route more expensive than the pbuy-use this means that the residual resuser for this user will e.. meaning that the user buys and uses the ticket, she will have wallet with get after the event. total ticket value algorithm formula used calculate the total get amount per event basis. output this formula used the get but option contract. this example only transaction and processing variables are accounted for the value the smart ticket. buy -use pbuy-use getprice buy -sell pbuy-sell getprice the costs routes have been formalized the protocol has establish which the costs routes greater. pbuy-use pbuy-sell --- pmin pbuy-use true resuser pbuy-use pbuy-sell (or...) pbuy-use pbuy-sell --- pmin pbuy-sell true resuser token economy the get protocol more than just smart ticketing application that solves the inefficiencies both the primary and secondary ticketing market. the standardizing properties the protocol also could also allow for further optimizations the event and ticketing market. direct settlement payments, controlled internal markets for event-specific assets (such beverage and drink tokens), and the ability securely transact with other actors the protocol, are all possible because each actor the protocol has smart wallet assigned their verified unique identity. how currently see development the get protocol and its functionalities, will describe the roadmap chapter. below will describe the token economy the first two phases development: actors within the protocol: event organizer (eo): company organizing the event for which tickets are sold; these companies often hire ticketing companies handle their ticketing. such ticketing companies will also able use the get protocol. for the purposes this white piper and for sake simplicity, the definition refers both event organizers and ticketing companies. eos will interact with the get protocol via smart wallet contract. get user (gu): the consumer buying ticket for event. tickets are bound user identity. gus will interact with the get protocol via smart wallet contract. payment processor (pp): the company responsible for the payment settlement both the primary well the secondary ticket market fiat. pps will interact with the get protocol via smart wallet contract issued this actor the protocol. stability fund (sf): the fund will provide instant liquidity for get needed the (and the gu) and will buy these get back from the open market. the will smart contract that functions protocol fund. user growth fund (ugf): this fund will promote get protocol usage giving discounts (and ug), well promoting usage the get inside the token economy means proof processed payments between the gu[, eo] and pp. the ugf will smart contract that functions protocol fund. event cost fund (ecf): the ecf event specific smart-wallet, that created and eventually settled for each event cycle, and will collect all the fees paid both the the (to the get foundation) during the event-cycle. the get price oracle (gpo): the function the gpo assess for the stability fund what fair value for the get the moment needs get run event. the oracle makes this price evaluation the basis data input set curated exchanges that list get. the will smart contract issued and maintained/controlled the get foundation. open market get holder(omh): individual(possibly event organizer) that has acquired get via the crowdsale and/or via (crypto) exchange and planning use the get for creating, buying/tradingtickets managing smart ticketed event within the get protocol. this individual has full control over the get token the token has the properties every regular erc token. interaction(i.e. transacting) the omh with the get protocol can only done the stability fund (sf). omh's cannot interact with actors(i.e. wallets) within the protocol there different price-pegging for e-get every event cycle. get held these parties asset needed perform anything the get protocol. later phases, the following actor may added: event merchant (em): company business selling drinks, merchandise food during the event. this smart wallet instantiated and eventually settled for each event cycle. ems will interact with the get protocol via smart wallet contract issued them the protocol every event-cycle. pillars the token economy the system funds and actors the get protocol have rules and restrictions associated with their smart wallets. the foundation these rules and restrictions are based the pillars the get protocol. ensure usability for the event organizer event organizers are the business hosting and promoting events. these companies don't have any intention being crypto speculator well. therefore certain levels get price stability and availability should guaranteed design. this internal price stability within the get protocol ensured by: the stability fund (sf). ensure usability for the consumer/user one the main selling points the get protocol the fact that all crypto related details are kept out sight the end-consumer. the get and the user's wallet are there means value storage and transfer/receive and pay for tickets well provide cryptographic security for the end user. this internal price stability within the get protocol ensured by: the stability fund (sf). overall protocol security the employees working event organizing organisation the ticketing company using the get protocol don't have any knowledge about crypto and thus are not aware the high levels security and rigour needed for securely working with high value digital assets tokens and ether. the same lack knowledge present the side the end-user. get protocol solution: actors within the get protocol don't have access their ethereum wallet's private key and are only allowed conduct transactions addresses known/approved the protocol. transparency and de-central central control token holders believe that token holders should have certain voting rights according their stake the protocol. get protocol solution: voting token holders the event cost fund (ecf). overall protocol competitiveness the ticketing market extremely competitive and although the get protocol has several characteristics which improves upon existing solutions, being price competitive very effective tool order gain market share. get protocol promotes protocol usage means of: the user growth fund (ugf) and incentive methods proof processed payments. the user growth fund (ugf) during the initial go-to-market phases the projects development, the superfluous get (called the resuser residual particular event-cycle) obtained the protocol represent/pay for more expensive cost routes smart ticket users sponsored the user growth fund(ugf). this means that the residual get between the cheapest cost-route (pmin )and the most expensive cost route(pmax funded the user growth fund. formally, this means that for the period time that the user growth fund contains tokens, all users who interact with the protocol and follow the cheapest cost path will have residual their wallets after event ticketed the get protocol. formula the algorithm formalization used calculate the resuser per event basis displayed. this subsidizing mechanism forms two functions, enables the ticketing companies using the get protocol price competitive and dynamic tighter margins. spreading the get put simply, the get protocol will subsidize the higher cost events ticketed the get protocol for long the user growth fund able provide this subsidy. this mechanism distribution among users deemed effective distributes get consumers frequenting events. this spreading get within the protocol (note: get consumers wallets cannot leave the protocol and end circulating supply, the residue can only used discount extra credit boost for the next event the consumer visits). this creates lock-in effect gives these "market-relevant" users wallet with get. giving these users discount for the transactions costs owed the get foundation the next time they purchase ticket, the protocol gives these users peek the advantages more open and transparent ticketing system. the same time, this subsidy the ugf makes the get protocol competitive, ticketing companies using the protocol have lower ticketing costs. this competitive edge quite essential the goal gain significant market share the ticketing industry. the get price oracle (gpo) the function the gpo will assess for the stability fund what fair value for the get the moment needs get run event. the oracle makes this price evaluation the basis data input set curated exchanges that list get. the price evaluation method and price/volume data input-stream the oracle uses its price assessment will made publicly available. the algorithm will include several random variables/components that will make impossible for both traders, analysts and get protocol team members perform 'unfair' forms arbitrage. example such randomization present the gpo pulling from uniform distribution between days when deciding the range price data from particular exchange use the price calculation. the function the gpo set get pegging fiat(efor simplicity) for each event-cycle that converges/matches the price get the exchanges market. the stability fund (sf) this fund will act the gateway the get protocol and smart-contract that able hold both get and eth. this fund has quite prominent role the get protocol acts funnel for get from the open market bought (exchanged) and used for ticketing event organizers. this role gateway the stability fund achieves two its functions, firstly providing the event organizers with the get this actor needs create smart tickets and account for the underlying ticket value during event-cycle. immediately after having sold the get the event organizer (for ether) the contract will open buy (exchange) contract towards the open market. this buy (exchange) contract will offer buy (exchange) get for ether from the open market. the price (exchange rate) for this buy (exchange) contract will provided the get pricing oracle (gpo). stability fund continuity the stability fund will act siphon filled with get and eth. the has the objective always restore its original get balance million (thus million get). the role the will have the get protocol can itemized follows: the acts siphon the get the fund will never net enter circulating supply. meaning that the mechanisms this fund have main goal maintain million balance get available for eos. initiation the get protocol the stability fund will minted all maximally issued get: million get. these get will used supply eos with the get they need initiate event ticketing contract, and account for all value the smart ticket the consumer. the buys get from the cover for the smart ticket value specific event cycle. the minimal price smart ticket set least get, the will always have the event organizer pay least per get. this binding merely price-bottom offered the protocol, the price get the open market higher than this bottom, the price-oracle will buy the get back for this higher average price point. such the stability fund mechanism isn't market-making influencing the upward momentum the token exchanges, merely provides price bottom for holders the token. the has the objective always restore its original get balance %(. million get) the total get issued. therefore, right after the purchased the get needed from the sf, the will "buy" (exchange) back the get has sold the from the open market. the has other incentive than provide eos with instant access enough get use the get protocol for smart ticketing well provide token holders the open market with "price" (exchange rate) bottom and generate demand for get from the get protocol which creates market liquidity (the "guaranteed exchange rate" further described below). the encounters trading losses and therefore isn't able regain %(. million get) the total supply get will receive get from the ugf until replenished and the trading losses are recovered. the encounters trading profits (and thus will hold more get %(. million get)) the superfluous get will transferred the ugf. the will not completely automated/pre-determined fund from the beginning the get protocol. the get protocol team will closely monitor the stabilizing and pricing abilities the fund and optimize its procedures and programming ensure that the fund does what supposed do: provide price stability and thus usability for get protocol actors. get price the open market the oracle will ensure that the internal pricing the get will roughly follow the valuation the get price the open markets/exchanges. these markets the get price completely unrestricted it's valuation per get. there also restriction how the token transferred from owner owner outside the get protocol. the gpo and the act gatekeepers for get entering and ether leaving the protocol. both mechanisms ensure actors within the protocol(eos and consumers holding smart tickets with get attached them) with price/value stability. this mechanism also offers token holders the open market guaranteed exchange rate least per get(settled eth) when omhs trade their get for ether with the sf. figure diagram displaying simplified overview the get acquisition process from the perspective event organizers. the protocol set ensure that the event organiser will able create smart ticket without having worry about currency fluctuations, non-liquid stiff crypto markets. get acquisition for event organizers event organizer specifies the price oracle how much monetary value has covered get per ticket for the specific event the hosting. price oracle calculates the fair get price based external data from several exchanges, based that assessment gpo will calculate how much get needed account for the total value that needs accounted for during the specific event-cycle. important state that the minimal cost per smart ticket least get and that the price for get sold the the least get. this 'hard-coded' pricing rule forms the foundation for the buy-back guarantee. the price oracle will instruct the open buy contract for the calculated price per get. this buy contract can only filled the smart wallet the that requested the event value coverage from the gpo. event organizer pays the buy-contract the ether (if the pays with fiat this done via payment processor that transfers the payment eth). the stability fund will instruct the protocol create smart ticketing contract which owned the event organizer. this smart ticketing contract will hold all the get purchased the and will distribute the get all buyers the event ticket. the stability fund will open buy contract the basis price data provided the gpo. this buy-contract can filled any token holder the open market for long the isn't replenished. get event cost fund (ecf) this smart wallet collects all the charged protocol costs for event cycle paid the smart tickets. the ecf charges least fiat value get per smart event ticket, with the assigning this base cost maximally get per smart ticket the protocol. after each event cycle the ecf will have collected get the smart-wallet. this value get collected always least multiplied the amount smart tickets that where sold during the event. the amount charged the ecf per smart ticket depends the event type and the total value included the smart ticket get. both the choice smart ticket type how much additional credit/get should added each ticket made the when creating the event for which the smart tickets are sold. there are several ways which the funds this smart wallet can allocated within the protocol. one these allocation destinations mandatory when certain condition has been met regarding the sf. this condition has not been met there are non-exclusionary options for how the get from the ucf can allocated. which these options options depends the assessment the protocol the get protocol team and the opinion the token holders. this opinion assessment based upon token vote that will take place every quarter, the weighing the vote will based the token stake within the protocol. mandatory stability fund has net loss due unfavourable buy back trade all the get the ucf event-cycle fund will issued the sf, until the point the holds the initial %(. million) get and thus back 'in balance'. option all percentage the proceeds the ecf will sent the user growth fund, sponsoring protocol growth lowering price barriers for event organizers and stimulating token usage means proof processed payments for transactions between actors the protocol. option burn all certain percentage the get collected the ecf during that specific event-cycle. burning get will raise the price protocol usage for the ticketing company well lower the circulating supply the get token. guaranteed exchange rate the usage the get protocol event organizer costs least per smart ticket. the minimal/bottom price for which event organizers are able acquire this get the stability fund get for e.. the stability fund the gatekeeper that acts siphon, selling the and buying from the open market the minimal get price creates price bottom for the get token holders. token holders will able cast non-binding vote the cost variables the ecf well how the funds the ecf will allocated the ugf burned. figure diagram showing both get acquisition mechanism for the the buy-back guarantee/mechanism for the token holder the open market. with this mechanism the get open token market will always able sell the for the set price least e.. table details the different steps labelled this diagram. step description event organizer provides the total event value algorithm with the total amount value each smart ticket will have carry for the specific event the organizing. total event value algorithm calculates the total amount get needed cover all the value for the event. the conversion from fiat value get done with the help the gpo which collects exchange data and calculates fair get price. the total event value algorithm creates buy-option for the amount get needed the eo. the will now able pay the and acquire get(see step the pays the buy-contract that was opened step this buy-contract only accepts ether payment processor converting from fiat eth might necessary with the only can pay for the tickets fiat. the has get back balance after the get-purchase the eo. the will create buy-contract for get from the open market with pricing from the gpo. this contract will stay open for days, the contract not filled this time frame then the will close the initial buy-contract and create another buy-contract based newly assessed price the gpo. repeat until replenished.* after the get purchase the the tokens are transferred from the the newly created smart ticketing contract. this contract will create and distribute the ticket and will assign the get-value per ticket the wallet get protocol user that bought the ticket. the makes trading loss due price bull run the open market after the purchase the the loss the will replenished the ugf. table table detailing the steps shown figure the buy-back mechanism the get protocol. making sense the guaranteed exchange rate understand readers deem this guaranteed exchange rate "too good true". anyone who exchanges ether get will exchange rate below e., with the result that there little risk monetary loss. therefore, this guaranteed exchange rate may not, first glance, seem make any economic sense from the perspective the get protocol. however, this conclusion incorrect. the cost payable the get foundation for using the get protocol for will least per smart ticket sold gu, which will passed the gu. accordingly, the able offer exchange get against amount ether equalling e.. the will required replenish the amount get, selling the and "buying from" (exchanging with) the open market against minimum creates price bottom for the get token holders. token holders have keep mind that although the get foundation able guarantee exchange rate for get the offers "buy" exchange for ether, cannot guarantee whether and what extent can offer "buy" (exchange) get this depends the use eos the get protocol. tickets sales are limited, will the need "buy" (exchange) back get. strategic partnering the ticketing industry crowded and competitive. although true that the ticketing applications current ticketing companies create significant market inefficiencies, the companies providing these services have built relationships with event organizers. these relationships and shared history will make harder convince event organizers make the switch blockchain-based solution. this means that apart from offering superior product and having effective sales, competitive pricing the most effective tool convincing new clients. thus our current partners are able participate the pre-sale stages the ico, enabling them use the protocol the future for discounted price and thereby locking them in. get protocol roadmap introduction this chapter the planned development phases the get protocol will outlined. but before the future abilities and functionalities the get protocol, code that yet developed and deployed market are described detail, important establish what functionalities the solution the get protocol poses offer the ticketing sector are already validated the market. feedback from end-users and the ability generate actual demand for the concept/product key when you are incrementally building, improving and scaling the full spectrum solution described previous chapters the get protocol whitepaper. state the technology guts tickets; operational and competitive smart ticketing company(-) the get protocol more than white paper proof concept. already reality. since guts tickets has been selling smart tickets registered the blockchain. guts tickets was officially incorporated and ticketed their first blockchain event the code for this first iteration the product/proofof-concept was developed and tested and the first iteration the smart ticketing application was ready deployed the market. under the mantra, fail quick, fail often. the ownership state changes registered the blockchain the events guts tickets serviced with their smart ticketing application for can found the second tab the public google spreadsheet the blocktix/aventus comparison blog published the get protocol medium blog. functionalities ticketing application throughout this whitepaper the tickets the get protocol have consistently been called 'smart'. what makes ticket smart? and there something 'smart' ticket what would 'dumb' ticket? the following two paragraphs will establish this difference. dumb tickets selling digital tickets for event via the internet easy having web-application that able process payments (via one the many out-of-the-box payment processor integrations available) and deliver piece data the buyer. after confirmation completed payment the web-application should able generate and serve unique code(or other data-holding object) the buyer the ticket. that's it. this code should unique the validity the ticket should verifiable when scanning the ticket the entrance the event. this ticketing process described here not what where the rubber hits the road when comes fighting ticket scalpers other event ticketing inefficiencies. companies ticketmaster where able build and deploy these types web-applications web applications the late and still basically the same thing this day. replicating such web-application with all modern programming and hosting tools available isn't hard all. running such ticketing web-application completely the blockchain technically possible. languages solidity are turning complete and will able make the calculations needed compute codes and process payments swiftly and transparently. with de-central hosting services like ifps will able host blockchain ticketing application, making centralized servers like aws unnecessary. while all this decentralization sounds cool and innovative also rather inefficient (as centralized server will able better this all more cost-efficiently). that's just logic. smart tickets smart tickets have all the same functionalities described the paragraph describing their dumb counterpart above. the only difference that smart are aware who owns them and when they are being owned. smart ticket also 'knows' under what circumstances the who and when are allowed changed. practice this means that smart ticket will not allow changing its ownership when being sold for higher price than intentional. sense you could call smart ticket 'aware'. practice this all comes down the variables and functions set the smart-ticket contract. smart ticket cannot scalped will not allow overpriced transfer. code smart ticket cannot faked will not serve the code the owner before the owner the ticket needs it. functionalities the guts smart ticketing application assign wallet ethereum address new identity functionality done implement dynamic code that can't sold/copied functionality done web based smart ticketing application: working smartphone browsers. done merge primary and secondary ticketing market: done register ownership changes smart-ticket the blockchain done scalability/ability the smart ticketing application handle high number user request done the road ahead rome wasn't built day and the same can said about the get protocol. although development will incremental, continuous and subject environmental changes and factors. these factors include; local regulatory constraints, customer feedback and industry trends. our vision the four main phases which the get protocol will implemented can described follows: phase token mutiny the get foundation further develops the get protocol which will used and tested launching customer guts tickets the dutch market primarily. the get protocol will allow for ticket sales the primary and secondary market via the blockchain using get. phase the token intifada get becomes the only possible method payment for the transactional and processing fees the ticketing cycle. furthermore, white listed third-party ticketing companies and event organizers worldwide will able, through the get protocol api, benefit from the get protocol for primary market sales. every actor the get protocol will have smart wallet added their uniquely verified identity, the actors, however will not have full control over the private key. phase the boston token party the fully accessible smart-wallet added the users' account the get protocol, allowing users interact with their get. actors (especially consumers) are able use get pay for drink and beverages tokens and other products before and during event. end users and event organizers can choose hold and use get method store the value event tickets. multiple stakeholders the event ecosystem would hold and use get, this would add liquidity the ecosystem. phase ticket liberation the full range functionalities and full access will given all the actors within the get protocol. all aspects the get protocol will completely on-chain and the economics the ecosystem whole will self-sustaining. this phase, get the sole store and transfer value used for storing all event related value. all organizers can create events the get protocol via the public and open sourced get api. roadmap disclaimer emphasize that this our vision for the magnificent structure would like build. but means can guarantee that the get protocol and get will developed will have the functionalities described above, particular relation the later phases. what has been described far this white paper relates how perceive development phase and the get foundation intends for the get protocol enter into the last two phases. for these phases expect that might need regulatory clearance, because, for example, get may qualify electronic money. will provide updates regular basis about the development the get protocol the stakeholders and the get community. phase and protocol development principles the four following principles will underpin development the first two phases: ease use and stability above all: the fundamental design principle for get protocol that should easier use than current non-blockchain ticketing alternatives. point the use flow will users confronted with confusing hashes anything the sort. users interacting with their smart ticket should never suffer the consequences the price fluctuations the volatile token market. not our aim force crypto tokens people; our vision use the properties crypto currencies show the general public the value this technology offers control their own digital assets. ensuring get protocol stability and security: the first two phases development, only white-listed ticketing companies will allowed interact with the get protocol. this means that only ticketing companies that apply publicly available standards set get foundation are allowed create event contracts the get protocol and thus acquire tokens via the described mechanisms. phase only guts launching customer will white-listed. with great power, comes great responsibility: the white-listing necessity for various reasons, one being that that the get protocol will under incremental development and improvement. there have been enough crypto related blunders and failures that the technology has sketchy and fragile image for the average non-interested consumer. the get foundation wants ensure that visitors, event organizers and ticketing companies have seamless experience. soon the get protocol deemed tested and robust enough for complete open sourcing, this the route that the get protocol will take. minimizing possible attack vectors: the first phases the get protocol, the tokens are registered not only the wallets but also the central and heavily encrypted get foundation database. this essentially means that the get protocol could act the central wallet for all transactions mitigate risks. during the first phases, user account not able handle its private key not known the user. users cannot transfer get wallets that were not created the get foundation. owners get wallets that were not created the get foundation cannot transferred wallets that were created the get foundation. our intention fully decentralize and empower every actor the system, but this empowerment will happen slowly controlled and extensively tested steps. empowering the get foundation get foundation assets guts tickets has agreed with the get foundation transfer the all intellectual property rights relating the "genesis" version the get protocol the get foundation after the ico has been completed successfully: guts tickets will provide the get foundation with perpetual, worldwide license use and further develop the following the "genesis" version the get api. the reason for partially transferring and partially licensing technology primarily the following. dutch law requires that such transfer done arms' length, meaning that the get foundation has pay the fair market value for these assets. instead opting for immediate cash-out for the get foundation, the get foundation and guts tickets have agreed licence for the get api intellectual property, the get foundation being required pay modest fee per ticket sold via the get protocol, this fee also doubles variable purchase price for the being transferred. this fee will passed the consumer and/or the event organizer. this means that fees are only paid and the extent tickets are sold via the get protocol. deem this fair given (i) the investment made guts tickets creating and testing the "genesis" version the get protocol and (ii) guts will become customer the get foundation and, accordingly, will required pay for using the get protocol (as will explain below, per ticket sold minimum) and (iii) the get foundation cannot distribute any profits. get foundation assets team part the current guts tickets team that developed the "genesis" version the get api and get protocol will enter into the employment the get foundation after the ico has been completed successfully. get foundation assets ico the get foundation will obtain the requisite funds for further development the get protocol through the exchange get against ether the ico further detailed chapter get foundation assets governance the board the get foundation consists of: ceo maarten bloemers linkedin cco tom roetgering linkedin cto ivo van der wijk linkedin frans twisk linkedin the board consists current employees and directors guts tickets, supervised advisory board, whose members will appointed after completion the ico. overview relation guts ticket and the get foundation entity guts tickets get foundation commercial relations governance relations description structure legal structure: private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap) mission: profit maximization for shareholders, meaning sell much tickets possible. how: guts tickets will use the get protocol infrastructure the backbone its ticketing application and will therefore the protocols launching customer. legal structure: foundation (stichting) mission: develop open(source) and transparent event ticketing protocol that will later phases development how: develop smart ticketing protocol based upon blockchain and smart contracts, enables ticketing worldwide add blockchain backbone their service. guts tickets will transfer personnel, transfer and licence get foundation, enable develop the get protocol. guts tickets will pay arms' length fee per ticket sold for using the get protocol, and will not get preferential treatment over other event organizers/ticketing companies. the get foundation will pay per ticket sold fee sold for the transfer and licensing ip. board members guts tickets also serve board members the get foundation, the latter being supervised advisory board, whose members will appointed after the ico. table this table the key relations between guts tickets and the get foundation are summarized. business landscape the moment publication this white paper august there are several blockchain protocol initiatives smart contract focused start-ups that are trying broadly solve the same problem. although these initiatives confirm our assessment that this problem worth solving, there are several key differences that distinguish the get protocol from existing initiatives. working with the industry the most important difference that guts tickets-- the company issuing this white paper and building this protocol--is active and fully operational the industry and has gained in-depth knowledge the nuances present the ticketing market through first-hand experience. guts tickets has already sold and currently selling blockchain-registered tickets via its smart-ticketing platform both and one the netherlands most prominent theater companies, hekwerk theaterproducties, has partnered with guts and its team, and several prominent artists have also shown their support for the guts initiative cut out middle men. competition other blockchain initiatives there have been several event-focused initiatives the ico heavy year the most 'prominent' initiatives, blocktix(tix) and aventus (avt), are both still the funding white paper alpha development phase the moment publishing this white paper. the four main differences between these two initiatives and get protocol are: the most important difference guts tickets and the get protocol have already several launching customers and the project can considered fully operational and has team that experienced both deployment software the acquisition the target customer the ticketing scene. the "genesis" version the get api has cycled through its alpha and beta phases. because the get protocol will tied the tested get api, has significant head start. the get protocol will use existing market infrastructure for maximum market penetration. therefore able handle extremely high number api requests, offer customers features like theatre seat selection, and provides insightful sales dashboards event organizers and venue holders. the get protocol will allow users attend events with the least effort and prior knowledge crypto possible. all things crypto are shielded from the regular user, providing them the benefits without the complexity. this blog post the get protocol compared with both aventus(avt) with blocktix(tix). ticketswap ticketswap dutch company that offers ticket holders interested selling their ticket market with reputation system for both buyers and sellers, creating trust bond. ticketswap successful the netherlands, but merely form symptom treatment: ticketswap only active the secondary market and therefore cannot guarantee the authenticity tickets. ticketmaster/ticketscript etc. these companies are partially responsible for the problems faced the public the secondary ticketing market. some cases, the ticketing companies have actual stake the success the secondary ticketing platforms. these companies would have eliminate parts their own business model innovate create transparent market. introduction previous chapters, established that order develop get protocol that becomes accessible for every ticketing company the world, development funds are necessary actualize the new smart ticketing standard proposed this white paper. that's why initiated get protocol initial coin offering (ico). this chapter provide further details about the how, when and why this ico. details the ico the goal the ico exchange get for ether (eth) for equivalent e,, maximum and e,, minimum. the exchange eth against get will smart contract based. some the numbers may change with eth exchange rates and volatility, but the following numbers are best effort estimates november, this blog post goes into details about the choices made and ethereum elockrates that will used pricing the contributions and for the amount get that issued per ether collected. guts/get protocol softcap* euro million ether lockprice* total get reached get crowdsale will end hardcap million get cet. pre-sale private* million e./eth get pre-sale public* million e./eth get general sale million e./eth ,,. get* all tokens that will left unsold during the general crowdsale will burned. tokens allocated unsold tokens the partitions (ugf, team, etc,) will burned according ratio. roadmap guts/get strategy target: event organizer target: ticketing companies completely open platform focus region netherlands europe north america asia tickets sold** tickets k-k million due the rise ether price guts has decided burn unsold get ratio the half-way point the general sale. this meant that november cet the ether held guts was re-valued e.. million unsold get where burned from the crowdsale. table summary the get protocol ico. details about the recalibration the hard-cap the half-way point due the increased ether price described our blog. crowdsale contract details total token supply: million get tokens update: ,,. get where minted after finalization the crowdsale. maximum financing million update: total e.. was raised during the whole crowdsale period minimum financing million update: the soft-cap was reached after having completed the private pre-sale ether valued e/eth. combined with the capped public pre-sale with unique participants collecting ether valued e/eth. for more details about these two sales consult this blog post covering both the public and the private pre-sale. length the ico: days weeks) starting-date ico november cet ending-date the ico: december cet get are coded such that they cannot transferred/movable another address until cet the day following the date which the ico ended (i.e. ended november get can transferred december period which the foundation will use validate whether the ico was conducted fair and orderly way. token contract address: jan tooropstraat bk) amsterdam, e-mail address: ico@guts.tickets. there will only one get protocol ico. the tokens issued during this ico will the only get tokens ever issued the protocol. update december the get protocol crowdsale contract finalized. this transaction link etherscan shows the calling the crowdsale contract and thereby definitely ensuring that additional minting/creation get this contract not possible. update december now the get protocol crowdsale has been completed (the crowdsale ended december cet). this blog you can read more about the finalization the crowdsale and the about the total amount get minted, burned and vested. december cet the get token has made movable, meaning that the crowdsale contract cannot mint any more tokens get tokens well will allow holders/owners the token move and trade the token they deem fit. the token can found etherscan 'xaaacaedcab'. the different partitions and their effect circulating supply partitions public crowdsale initialy issued total million effects circulating yes supply total burned total issued/minted circulating supply: user growth fund stability fund team bounty maximum supply: yes, after min. yes, from year vesting. mid jan' total vested: table summary the circulating and maximum supply get. check the minting, burning and vesting specifications and subsequent proofs viewing this public google spreadsheet. monitor the movement the get etherscan. address the crowdsale contract the crowdsale contract and its audited code can found etherscan. the contract was owned 'xaaacaedcab'. crowdsale: directly effects circulating supply. these get are controlled crowdsale participants and can sold for any price any way these holders deem fit. user growth fund: this partition does not effect circulating supply. get issued this partition will put vested contract until april after which the tokens issued will given their function within the get protocol described chapter the whitepaper. stability fund: this partition does not effect circulating supply. get issued this partition will put vested contract until april after which the tokens issued will given their function within the get protocol described chapter the whitepaper. team: this partition not directly effect circulating supply. all tokens issued this partitions (see spreadsheet tab will put vested wallet contracts minimum year, with larger holder having additional year linear vesting period attached their token partition. this means that the team members will not have control their tokens for least year and can therefore state that these tokens will not effect circulating supply the short term. bounty: the tokens this partition will enter circulating supply. these tokens will issued mid-january and will then enter circulating supply. summary the circulating and maximum supply get. check the minting, burning and vesting specifications and subsequent proofs viewing this public google spreadsheet. monitor the movement the get etherscan. guts tickets will never approach and/or provide crucial information (especially sensitive instructions like contract addresses) investors via slack, telegram, rockchat any other messaging application with exception intercom. this type communication will exclusively happen via e-mail via the guts ico application. this blog post you can read step for step how the self build ico application will ensure that the crowdsale will secure, controlled and will follow our planning. distribution get total, million get will minted via smart contract system. the total number get tokens minted will divided into five different pools. the figure below shows this division(take note: the percentages the image shown below assume that the crowdsale will completely sell-out, meaning that all million tokens will minted). dynamic and static partitions the amount get tokens allocated the "sf" fixed (static). this means that that regardless the result the crowdsale, million get will minted into this fund the crowdsale contract. the amount get allocated the other pools are dynamic, the size "public exchange" depending how many persons participate the ico and the size the "ugf" pool and "team investors" pool being calculated using the following formula: ("get exchanged the public exchange" divided times "ugf" pool maximum (,) [or] "team investors" pool maximum (,). see also the table below for further clarification: maximum exchanged (activation threshold) size pool ,,. ,,. ,,. ,,. ,,. ,,. ,,. ,,. size ugf pool ,,. ,,. ,,. ,,. ,,. ,,. ,,. ,,. size pool ,,. ,,. ,,. ,,. ,,. ,,. ,,. ,,. size t&e pool ,,. ,,. ,,. ,,. ,,. ,,. ,,. ,,. size p&o pool ,,. ,,. ,,. ,,. total ,,. ,,. ,,. ,,. ,,. ,,. ,,. ,,. description the partitions the list below the different partitions are described well the maximum percentage total maximum supply million get described. public exchange the diagram above shows, the maximum amount get minted will exchanged for eth part the ico. user growth fund the ugf promotes protocol usage rewarding [both eos and] gus for using the get protocol. see previous chapters about the role and function the ugf. get stability fund static the will act stabilizing buffer for eos acquire get they can use the get for their events. get will allocated the sf, irrespective the amount get exchanged the public exchange. the acts siphon, and needs replenish itself after any transaction with eos, with the result that the will offer exchange back get into eth from the open market against least the guaranteed exchange rate. see previous chapters about the role and function the ugf. the get stability fund will net never enter circulating supply, the stability fund will always buy the get provided event organizers within the protocol back from the open market. team and advisers this partition get will made available for the get foundation team and advisers. approximately will transferred directly team members and advisers, all with vesting contracts least year.. the remainder will held the get foundation may the sole discretion the foundation, transferred exchanged with future team members and advisers the foundation deems this beneficial the development and success the get protocol. when get granted team members and advisers, standard lock-up period months applies. promotion and others --up the get tokens will transferred third parties exchange for services the field marketing and bounty reward for quality control for the integrity and robustness the code the get protocol. tiers: exchange rates the exchange rate against which get can exchanged eth denominated euros follows: mechanics the crowdsale icos the past have regularly been riddled with chaos and uncertainty. during the get ico want prevent this type network cluttering and general chaos from occurring. therefore, the get foundation has decided self-build queuing application. dynamic ico queuing application manage the contributions during the ico, custom version the ticket queuing module will utilized. this queuing application, which will customized version our own tested and operational smart ticketing application, will serve every contributor with unique contribution instructions certain time. using this application, are able showcase our tech while the same preventing scammers from copying mirroring our front-end attempt lure contributors. this infrastructure will make sure the ico will fully controlled and most all, safe for both get, the get foundation and persons participating the ico. ico contract publication audit the contracts used during the ico will made public the weeks preceding the ico this will accompanied with bug-bounty campaign. get protocol foundation will only use audited and tested contracts. update: audit results matthew ferrante are in. update december. matthew ferrante(security developer the ethereum foundation has conducted audit the crowdsale contract. his conclusion was that the crowdsale contract didn't/doesn't contain any critical vulnerabilities. details the get presale the ticketing industry crowded and competitive. although true that the ticketing applications current ticketing companies create significant market inefficiencies, the companies providing these services have built relationships with eos. these relationships and shared history will make harder convince eos make the switch blockchain-based solution. this means that apart from offering superior product and having effective sales, competitive pricing the most effective tool convincing new clients. thus, our current partners are able exchange eth into get prior the public exchange phase the ico, enabling them use the protocol the future against discount thereby locking them in. portion tokens allocated for the public crowdsale have been assigned strategic partners get foundation. these pre-exchange token contributors share long term goals with guts tickets and some cases, will only received these tokens they have delivered certain ticketing volume. the wallet address containing the funds raised during the strategic presale will made public. update december these multi-sig addresses hold the majority the raised crowdsale funds etherscan link multi-signature wallet etherscan link multi-signature wallet etherscan link multi-signature wallet etherscan link multi-signature wallet etherscan link multi-signature wallet functionalities ico get tokens all get have the same functionalities, however, only get tokens sent from addresses that are "whitelisted" the get foundation may interact with the get protocol. the get foundation will only "whitelist" addresses that has created itself for parties such event organisers, ticketing companies and persons that purchase tickets via the get protocol. such accounts will not accept transfers get from accounts that were not created the get foundation. accordingly, get obtained result the ico cannot transferred such accounts (wallets) within the get protocol. important reason for this policy are current regulatory uncertainties. the future the foundation intends change this policy, meaning that, for example, get obtained result the ico can used buy tickets. budget allocation the time needed for developing the get protocol currently envisaged this white paper depends the number eth received exchange for get during the ico. should the ico funded completely, the expectation that the last phase the get protocol will delivered months after initiation. conversely, should only the minimum number tokens raised, the development the get protocol would take more time the size the development team would smaller. get protocol development: the budget. the current development team consists engineers which will grow, depending the amount raised the ico, the team will grow gradually according the needs the tasks done. the funds allocated also include the further development the guts application. operational costs: the budget. consists administration costs (legal, security, accounting), hosting costs, office, and other operational costs. external contractors: the budget. these funds will directed third-party providers like external engineering, agencies, growth-hacking and more. marketing and sales: protocol. contingency the budget. short, getting stakeholders the market use the get the budget. funds set aside for unforeseen costs. figure pie chart displaying the budget allocation the funds raised the ico. team maarten bloemers ceo linkedin the general manager, lawyer and legal specialist the team. after earning his master's degree corporate law, maarten worked for the dutch central bank and founded invoicing platform with legal services called kasco tom roetgering cco linkedin the commercial force behind guts and responsible for happy customers the events. after earning his master's degree business administration, tom worked for rabobank, and founded comparison platform for body shops called deukweg ivo van der wijk cto linkedin has more than years experience with software development, open source and internet technology, and the technical brain guts. earned his master's degree the vrije universiteit amsterdam, where continued work global distributed system. after starting full-service company with employees and freelance career where tried continuously reinvent himself discovering and applying new and disruptive technologies, ivo has found his latest challenge guts. frans twisk front-end developer linkedin responsible for the design, user experience, and front-end development. frans designer and developer "unicorn" with over years freelance experience with master arts interaction design. also founder eindbaas: chip/bit music events the netherlands. stravros champilomatis back-end developer linkedin full stack developer with breadth knowledge. has experience back-end and front-end work, contributing multiple projects using python, php, react, react-native and java for android. stravros has hands-on experience implementing secure and testable smart-contracts using solidity. mark arts back-end developer linkedin passionate and curious back-end developer who has been working programmer since the first year his bachelor science. mark's experience developing virtual reality projects with c++ for his thesis, his work dev-ops back-end development full-stack web companies, and his passion for functional programming has given him broad and unique range programming expertise. kasper keunen blockchain developer linkedin holds two bachelor degrees (physics and economics/finance) from vrije universiteit amsterdam and currently the verge completing his msc computational science from the university amsterdam. kasper co-founded the bitcoin startup bitstraat, which was official partner bitpay and initiator amsterdam bitcoin city. the company was nominated financial innovator the dutch fintech awards early adopter blockchain technologies, kasper has deep understanding smart contracts and particular the solidity programming language. sander regtuijt community/marketing manager linkedin the one create the buzz around guts. responsible for both valuable international campaigns well setting the community channels, sander all-round basketball. has been involved the blockchain scene since first country manager the netherlands for swedish bitcoin exchange safello and has been active later various bitcoin projects such point sale payment solutions provider bitstraat, where had active role business development.