gexan.io blockchain lottery whitepaper ver. april. gexan.io blockchain lottery white paper content: introduction................................................................................................. the problem and the solution................................................................. gexan platform............................................................................................ benefits for investors the ieo stage................................................. why us? the differences from the competitors................................. the parameters the blockchain........................................................ road map..................................................................................................... marketing strategy.................................................................................... initial exchange offering (ieo)................................................................. distribution funds, project budget................................................. project risks................................................................................................ conclusion.................................................................................................. blockchain lottery gexan.io introduction happens that people like risk little order get more. they are attracted with the probability big winnings sports betting, gambling, poker, "one-armed bandits" and course the lottery. this stable market which has existed for long time and will grow and develop further. the global lottery market steadily increasing from billion billion showing average growth per year. the same time, the growing number internet and mobile users contributes the rapid growth online lotteries. the total revenue lotteries mobile devices estimated billion dollars, which europe and north america. the pace mobile technology adoption may even faster developing markets. our mission. our mission create autonomous decentralized lottery platform. want make fair lotteries with high level participants' gains, well minimize losses receiving the prizes. gexan.io blockchain lottery the problem and the solution the world lotteries one the most popular games the world there exist many questions and doubts about the honesty the prizes distribution, well the whole process drawings: the winner random? fair dispose less than the ticket sales lottery? what the managers' fee and such remuneration justified? moreover, these problems are getting worth due the difficulty obtaining prize, high commissions and taxation. with the introduction blockchain technology, these problems have become quite solvable. the gexan platform, all stages the draws, including the purchase tickets, random numbers generation, distribution the fund prize, verification the winners are based the technology the distributed register. moreover, everything built open source code, which will published github. gexan.io blockchain lottery what offer? our team will develop ecosystem consisting its own blockchain with masternode functions, hybrid pow+pos consensus algorithm, gex coins, lottery platform, smart contracts, participant wallets, fiat site gateways and mobile applications. thus, will get the following advantages over traditional online lotteries: -the blockchain technology makes the movement funds transparent: possible track whether, when and what extent the payments were made. smart contracts regulate the lottery system. open source available for anyone willing and can't adjusted, the winnings can not tampered with. costs for sales outlets, staff, distributors, printing, lottery ticket verification and more are reduced. all these costs become part the participants winnings, not the profits third parties. reasonable developers' fee, only the sold tickets amount, which are possible budget for additional promotion the project. blockchain lottery blurs the boundaries and allows you choose the optimal tax regime: with low tax rates winnings and there are the agreements avoidance double taxation with most countries the world. gexan.io blockchain lottery all the above-mentioned advantages will implemented the gexan platform. ecosystem the interface the most advanced technologies: blockchain smartcontracts masternodes+hybrid pow+pos algorithm fiat gateways the website and the mobile application internal exchange any currencyany currency) gexan.io blockchain lottery the gexan lottery will international and anonymous platform. the main differences are set out table format for ease: blockchain lottery traditional lottery open source code the random number generator closed system the winner selecting transparent system awards distribution, tickets sold, etc. the organizing companies not disclose this information the chances winning the jackpot are times higher average jackpot chances are even desired, one can affect the payment winnings anonymity, need disclose personal information nominees winners are possible the winners' names become public minimum costs for the lottery operation huge expenses network distribution, offices, sales points. payments winnings are carried out instantly, without the participation third parties. personal appearance the head offices needed for large payments. often there time limit six months year. gexan.io blockchain lottery gexan platform the interaction players, smart contract, website, blockchain nodes presented schematically the figure. the key factor this architecture maximum security with high transaction processing speed. decrypted user key not stored transmitedto external servers transactions signed gexan (example:ticket purchase the current sraw) user browser user interface transaction signing random number generation the browser (used the rondom nuber generator) number selected the user backend interaction with gexan node interaction with backend gexan node data for display interation with the interface enorypted user key log the password diffrent from the password for dicrypting user wallet) storage encrypted user key gexan network gexan.io blockchain lottery there are many kinds lotteries that are going implement: first all, the lottery code will written some kind powerball game. the participant must "guess" the five main balls (choices are from well one ball additional one. just called the ball "powerball". total, this gambling game has nine prize categories. the minimum prize will obtained you guess the ball "powerball" (values from you just have choose numbers the purchased ticket. the draw will take place every day, and the fall balls with numbers the system calculated according the random number generator. thus, one can predict the fallen numbers advance, and the these numbers are completely random. the source code the algorithm for calculating the dropped numbers will available github. pool. the next type lottery will have guaranteed winners. the draw will held the following way: all participants send the desired number tickets the common pool, the smart contract that records incoming transactions. then there probabilities calculation each participant according the number tickets sent them. the more tickets the player has sent, the higher chances he/she has take prizes. after that, there "mixing" all tickets and randomly the winners determined. the first three places take most the pool. also, several dozen players who receive small prizes the amount two three ticket prices are randomly determined. all calculations and payments are made the gex coin. then the winning players decide whether sell them the stock exchange participate the next draw again. the total pool goes the development team, the remaining amount distributed among the players. gexan.io blockchain lottery payments gex calculation and payouts winnings ticket purchase winnings payout order ticket purchase holding draw accumulation funds ticket purchase compation draw, generation rondom number formation payout funds (jackpot, game with friends fund. reservefunds} calculation and payouts winnings winnings payout order calculation and payouts winnings winnings payout order promo lottery. few weeks after the completion the presale stage, the promo lottery with large prizes the form btc will held. participate such lotteries, relatively expensive entrance threshold provided, but the main prize will drawn among the lottery participants details each them will announced advance through social channels. are not going stop there the future and will introduce new types lotteries attract more players. our goal present all the best and popular traditional lotteries the gexan blockchain platform. blockchain lottery gexan.io benefits for investors the ieo stage. investors the ieo stage have unique opportunity buy masternode certain amount gex for pos-stacking. blocks pos min over pow min masternodes min purchasing certain amount gex the ieo stage, you will receive new gex every day after withdraw your wallet. really unique opportunity for the blockchain lottery. and the sooner you take part the purchase coins, the sooner you will begin generate new gex your wallet. the installation guide published the site gexan.io install masternode. get gex through the hybrid pow+pos algorithm, you only need store coins your wallet, they will credited you automatically. blockchain lottery gexan.io addition the high roi, investors will able use their tickets participate daily lotteries. this double benefit only for the earliest investors. according the table block generation, the maximum profitability falls the first months the project. over the next months, roi gradually decreases and stops small level. along with this process, the development team will "burn" coins after each lottery draw. this done order balance the primary strong inflation. after months, accordance with the specified parameters, inflation and the level burning coins reach parity. roi burn gexan.io blockchain lottery the main advantages investing the gexan project: benefit: the highest possible roi only the initial stage the project. luck: the ability use the generated tickets participate lotteries. stability: the" burning system gex will contribute the coin price stability. calmness: time-tested idea, millions people have played and will play the lottery. bring openness, increased payout ratios, anonymity, low tax rates. originality: create lottery the blockchain with masternode, which has analogues. sufficiency: small aggregate offer gex million coins. guarantee: soft cap only btc not reached will issue refund. trust: the project team open, appropriate, has serious experience for implement the plans. the budget calculated and well planned. hard cap just btc. gexan.io blockchain lottery why us? the differences from the competitors. have clear understanding that are entering new, promising and competitive market. according the roadmap, our immediate goal create mvp, build base players and the community, and then find strategic investor who will help scale quickly. this the essential requirement. have identified three major advantages over other blockchain lotteries: .fast and secure blockchain, which has proven itself for several months. will introduce smartcontract and masternode will provide fast transaction speed. the sold tickets are players winnings! this key success factor, other projects have rate more than the more and more people win, the more new participants will be. participants will collect masternodes pos stacks for daily generation new tickets. profitable and convenient. why buy ticket every time, you can buy them once the right amount and get them free. this unique feature the gexan lottery. blockchain lottery gexan.io the parameters the blockchain have been developing blockchain parameters for the maximum benefit early investors. blocks pos min over pow min masternodes min the maximum profitability falls the first months the project. over the next months, roi gradually decreases and stops small level. coin options indicator coin options indicator symbol gex masternode collateral coin type hybrid pow/pos stake age hour block time sec premine coin maturity confirmations rewards %mn-%pow-%pos max coin supply block rewards gex gexan.io blockchain lottery road map according our mission, plan create and distribute around the world new type fair, transparent lotteries, where each participant will able check the rewards fairness and payments speed. understand that develop product such level, need serious investments advertising and promotion the product, our first task create working product that corresponds the key parameters: the lottery pays itself and does not require finances maintain the work. stimulating marketing system built such way that provides influx new players due the activity existing participants. the presence the initial base loyal players. the key kpis indicators (jackpot size, daily turnover, number participants, etc.) have been achieved. when the planned results are achieved, reach out strategic investors (venture funds, business angels, etc.) for the purpose product scaling. next, the new structure the roadmap will determined based the company's selling share and the amount investments received. gexan.io blockchain lottery stage concept created core team established white paper development and implementation marketing strategy website design re-branding smm channels creation stage gexan mainnet launch marketing campaign round minining pools listings smart contracts for lotto crypto trackers listings initial exchange offering gexan.io blockchain lottery stage refferal program launch legal entity, license coinbase coinpayments listings new lotteries listing exchanges round gateaway bridge for crypto withdrawals marketing campaign round mobile wallets release gexan.io blockchain lottery stage ios android app lauch partnerships with dapps developers cryptoexchange gate website user interface decentralization (mist) listing exchanges round kpi achivments for investors promo marketing campaign round new lotteries provide company share strategic investor adjustment and presentation the updated road map every quarter. planning important part the working process, we'll keep the community informed about where we're going and what we're working on. gexan.io blockchain lottery marketing strategy. understand that marketing the key the success any lottery. without it, even the most interesting and original ideas will fail. therefore, our work will pay special attention the platform promotion. the main emphasis will placed not expensive paid resources, but the referral system and viral marketing. participants themselves will rewarded with lottery tickets for attracting new players our ecosystem. referral system and structure invites will built such way maximize financial interest invite friends and acquaintances. result, will able achieve exponential growth the players community relatively short period time. the influx new players will increase the amount draws and jackpots. honest and transparent system distribution awards will reveal the winners. plan publish constantly "stories success the drawings participants, who were lucky win big prizes. these publications will also one the foundations the marketing and promotion our lotteries. the dissemination the information about the lottery will carried out through social networks and messengers, specialized groups and channels, for example bitcointalk.com (igaming section), askgamblers, onlinecasinoreports, igamingforums, casinomeister, casinolistings, etc. gexan.io blockchain lottery sales funnel stage generation income web traffic stage guide action stage deposit stage stage involvement the game player hold encouragement gexan.io blockchain lottery later, will prepare program for partners, providing reward part the profits our affiliates. this program will powerful marketing tool that will influence the development our platform. additionally, players will divided according their activity: low activity time week the offer play increased probabilities (+- fields the ticket). average activity lottery limited time hours) with increased chances. high activity-every tickets free. referral system: free gex for invited new member free gex new invitee the jackpot size received the invited participant additional bonuses will also introduced during the draws. later there will rating and status participants form full-fledged gaming community. gexan.io blockchain lottery initial exchange offering (ieo). coin name gexan ticker gex. premine-'' gex. total for sale gex. price for gex btc. max supply gex-will generated within years. inflation per year (starting from the second year) gex. burning per year (starting from the second year) gex. generate new gex-immediately after installing the masternode/wallet. ieo will take place one step (no private sales), until the soft cap will not collected. when soft cap reached, the ieo stage cannot last longer than month. not sold gex will used for marketing purposes/jackpot, the reserve the project. gexan.io blockchain lottery soft cap and hard cap. summing all the above-mentioned items get total budget btc. this the minimum amount that need collect for the implementation all plans. with lack funding start the project will not make sense. thus, according the results the ieo stage, make decisions: case not reaching the minimum investment level (soft cap) btc return the funds investors. the maximum amount the required investment (hard cap) btc. funds received from investors total, more than soft cap will spent marketing, attracting new users and the development functionality, types lotteries. the following types packages will sold the ieo stage: masternode gex (collateral) pos packages for stacking accepted cryptocurrencies: btc, eth, usd. the number the dispensed coins: first ieo gex second ieo gex (if held, otherwise these coin will locked burn) blockchain lottery gexan.io masternode owners gex pos staking gex bounty gex airdrops gex invite company gex prize fund gex gexan.io blockchain lottery distribution funds, project budget. according the main mission gexan, almost all collected funds will distributed among the lottery participants. the team will keep symbolic the turnover. prizes participants burning/marketing team also, the total pool will either burned maintain the price acceptable level, spent marketing according the marketing strategy. this item left the team's discretion and will vary depending the market conditions and the requirements the competitive environment. gexan.io blockchain lottery the budget will spent follows: blockchain and site development, network start, seed nodes, explorer, marketing the stage presale with fundings the developers. crypto trackers listings, crypto charts listing- btc. listing exchanges round btc development smart contracts for types lotteries btc. marketing campaign- btc. ios android app lauch- btc. cryptoexchange gate website btc. promo lottery with prizes the form btc and marketing btc. legal entity, license- btc. team btc reserve for development btc total: btc blockchain lottery gexan.io distribution collected funds, btc exchanges marketing and promo lottery web site and apps legal entity, license development smart-conracts gexan.io blockchain lottery project risks: legislative risks the blockchain industry. the wide audience has known blockchain technology recently, only now different countries the laws which has regulate this area are written and published. cannot assume what restrictions may imposed this industry different countries. risks the hacker attacks. scammers are constantly searching for vulnerabilities smart contracts, websites, user wallets. can't exclude hackers attempt attack our ecosystem. legislative risks the lottery market. despite the fact that the legislation most countries concerning lotteries written and applied, not exclude the fact that there may any changes certain countries and jurisdictions that will impose certain restrictions our users. financial risks the project. the market gambling general and lotteries particular highly competitive. not guarantee the achievement the planned results. the gex coin intended only for payment lottery tickets our platform (utility). its price can vary greatly depending external conditions. the investor may suffer significant losses. invest only the part the funds you are ready risk. gexan.io blockchain lottery conclusion present whitepaper reviewed the strong and weak points the gexan lottery, showed the distinctive features that, our opinion, will lead success and help take leading position among such projects. recall that those investors who are willing finance the project gexan the ieo stage, receive obvious advantages: purchasing masternode share for pos stacking you will get huge roi the form new gex. (table above) regardless the prices the exchanges, investors will able use gex for its intended purpose, that is, participate daily lotteries and have chance win big prizes. additionally, have fast and secure blockchain, which has proven itself for several months. are also sure that the maximum payout rate key success factor. the gexan lottery blockchain does not need assume the cost maintaining network distributors sell lottery tickets. result, all operating expenses the team are reduced the development new lotteries, legal issues and functional development. this will contribute the rapid project development and take leading position the new market blockchain lotteries. gexan.io blockchain lottery nta ver. april.