giant white paper giant white paper giant design goals: smart bets digital assets giant coin specification application and ecosystem giant management model economic model masternode rewards premine distribution governance mechanism smart contracts giantvm universal block chain virtual machine software development kit compiler and ide plugin the decentralized binary options giant.exchange acknowledgments legal summary references giant white paper version september giant design goals: smart bets giant the use blockchain technology and smart contracts for digital assets self-managed, achieve "smart bets" with distributed network. digital assets digital assets are programmable assets that exist the form electronic data. with blockchain technology, the digitization assets can decentralized, trustful, traceable, highly transparent, and free intermediaries. the giant blockchain, users are able register, trade, and circulate single type assets giant coin. giant has two forms digital assets: global assets and contract assets. global assets can recorded the system space and can identified all smart contracts and clients. contract assets are recorded the private storage area the smart contract and require compatible client recognize them. contract assets can adhere certain standards order achieve compatibility with most clients. giant coin specification name: giant ticker: gic type: pos masternode premine: gic collateral: gic maturity: max coin supply: pow phase infinite pos phase block time: seconds difficulty retarget: dgw every block port: rpc port: application and ecosystem ecosystem vital for the open source community. order achieve the goal intelligent economic network, giant will committed the development its ecosystem, providing mature development kits, improving the quality project documents. plan support the following giant-based applications and ecology and reward improvements the design the experience: giant white paper version september node program fully functioning full node program web android ios clients that not need synchronize with the blockchain giant network site blockchain explorer giant contracts giantjs giantconnect giantsigner decentralized applications giant.exchange giant.bet giant.coldstake giant white paper version september giant management model economic model giant has single native token, giant coin (abbreviated symbol gic). gic coins emission unlimited, but the reward for block regulated depending the block height. the beginning, the emission curve designed for the rapid growth the network, while further, the number issued coins will decrease. the decrease will occur both due the reduction the fee for block, and due burning the transaction fees. burning the transaction fees important element the giant network, since the fee required create transaction and execute the smart contract. burning the fees the giant network provides long-term effect increasing the value gic and eliminating the problem transaction spam. the emission giant divided into two phases: the pow phase may august the pos phase (all subsequent time) key element the giant economy giant masternodes. masternode full node the giant network and associated with frozen collateral gic the account the masternode owner. helping scale and validate the giant network, the owner the masternode receives the following options: payment rewards from block ability create smart contracts the giant network opportunity participate giant technology-backed projects revenue opportunity participate determining the future the giant network through voting, where vote equals masternode giant white paper version september masternode rewards the masternode reward depends the phase and number enabled masternodes the network. general, payments for standard day for running masternode can calculated using the following formula: where: the number masternodes operator controls the total number masternodes the current block reward blocks average day. for the giant network this usually the average masternode payment the average block amount) return investment for running masternode can calculated where variables are the same above. you can see, the gic supply designed for the fast accumulation masternodes the network during the first years. that can ensure the speed transactions once the giant based projects start. premine distribution gic premine reserved for the following purposes: gic create the first masternodes that stabilize the giant network gic have bounty programs and airdrops giant white paper version september gic marketing budget for the promotion the giant network and giant-based applications (giant.exchange, etc) gic motivation developers for the development the giant network and its ecosystem note that the pre-mined coins are excluded from the process staking after the proof-of-stake phase begins. giant white paper version september governance mechanism the giant decentralized and self-financing governance system empowers the community steer the direction giant. this system will allow someone make management proposal using the application giantpay.network. proposals are voted masternodes direct the future the currency and projects. initially the giant block reward allocates into community-governed treasury fund. the future, after the implementation the planned for the community will decide what percentage the reward block will the treasury fund. this fund will fully open audit the public, providing assurance the fund's intended use. the giant community will able determine certain course action feasible using the mechanism proposals. the budget allocation will only conducted after two-step vote. the first stage will held our discord server. the second stage masternode owners vote will opened the proposal passes the discord vote. this means that all users will able have say sensitive question budget allocating, including the masternode dividends. the masternode owners can compared the board shareholders. giant white paper version september smart contracts blockchain technology provides with decentralized, tamper-resistant, highly reliable system which smart contracts are very useful. giant has independent smart contract system: giantcontract. the giantcontract smart contract system the biggest feature the seamless integration the existing developer ecosystem. developers not need learn new programming language but use javascript (java and the future) their familiar ide environments for smart contract development, debugging and compilation. giant's universal lightweight virtual machine, giantvm, has the advantages high certainty, high concurrency, and high scalability. the giantcontract smart contract system will allow millions developers around the world quickly carry out the development smart contracts. giantcontract will have separate white paper describing the implementation details. giant smart contract system consists two parts. giantvm universal block chain virtual machine giantvm lightweight, general-purpose virtual machine. its architecture based the javascript engine that reads and executes instructions the contract sequence, controls the process based the functionality the instruction operations, logic operations and on. has good start-up speed and versatility, very suitable for programs such smart contracts, can also ported non-blockchain systems, integrated with the ide provide optimal development experience. software development kit compiler and ide plugin devpack includes the high-level language compiler and the ide plug-in. because giantvm's architecture based javascript engine, the compilers devpack can compile javascript code into giantvm's instruction set. developers not need learn new languages and will able immediately start developing smart contracts any javascript ide. this greatly reduces the learning curve for developing smart contracts, allowing easily build vibrant community around giantcontract. the first implementation the api for smart contracts will focus the issues implementing smart bets, but the future, smart contracts the giant network will become increasingly universal. giant white paper version september the decentralized binary options giant.exchange decentralization, transparency and other good features the giant project will demonstrated the first giant decentralized application giant.exchange. centralized binary option companies have been known scam investors manipulating the price feed their favor, hold their funds and suspend accounts when payout proceeded. traders are being robbed fraudsters. they may win the trade two but still lose their money. giant.exchange founders aim build independent and decentralized platform for the binary options industry based the giant blockchain. traders the giant.exchange receive: trades traders bet against brokers (the same traders who create smart bet contract), giant.exchange does not receive share profit traditional platforms do. guaranteed payout payments are made the smart contract directly traders' gic address. one can block withdrawals. transparency and provably fair getting assets price blockchain. therefore cheating price feed manipulation impossible. independent suppliers the verified information oracles will provide the data price motion and market dynamics creating their own smart contracts which link the api crypto exchanges with the binary options platform giant.exchange. create on-chain system, believe the foundations the giant blockchain are solid and can support high user-friendly dapp. not bet against traders but provide large catalog assets and create marketplace letting bankrollers (masternode owners) create varied asset contracts themselves our platform, e.g. minute btc/usd, minutes btc/eth etc. giant.exchange has separate white paper that describes its features and technological aspects. giant white paper version september acknowledgments this project would not possible without the previous work the bitcoin and dash development teams. appreciate their efforts greatly. are excited belong open source community and appreciate the opportunity contribute this growing technological field. giant white paper version september legal cryptocurrency investments are inherently high risk. before using any cryptocurrency, important consider the nature, complexity and risk. not invest more than you can afford lose. important not use coins with taking into account the possible loss, since the type change these currencies highly volatile and the giant team unable regulate market-defined prices. strongly suggest seeking advice from your own financial, investment, tax, legal adviser. the giant development team will always act good faith and not liable for the use giant other community members, people institutions. giant white paper version september summary giant distributed network that combines digital assets, smart contracts and masternodes. the giant system will use many original technologies, the infrastructure for the products which may benefit from the user-generated smart bets and transparency. make this all possible, the digital currency called giant coin (gic) used for all giant in-blockchain operations. gic single mean payment giant based projects capable becoming mass used among users giant based projects and investors running masternodes. giant white paper version september references bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system: https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf dash white paper: https://dashpay.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/doc/pages//whitepaper giant white paper version september