gifto the universal gifting protocol for global content creators ("gifto protocol") november version authors: gifto team reviewers: loi luu, ceo and co-founder, kyber network, smartpool chris miess, former cfo tenx, founder iconic capital danny yang, ceo and founder, blockseer this paper not offer securities. please read this document full and perform due diligence, particular the section entitled "risks and disclaimers". nothing this document shall construed advice solicitation make any purchase and you are any doubt, please consult your legal, financial, tax and/or other professional advisors. table contents abstract .............................................................................................................................. executive summary ............................................................................................................ motivation: first-hand experience ................................................................................. why current content monetization model broken ............................................................... better monetization model: virtual gifting ........................................................................... why virtual gifts generate high revenue? ......................................................................... blockchain: decentralized virtual gifts ..................................................................................... gifto protocol the universal gifting protocol ................................................................. enable virtual gifting any content platform ....................................................................... the ecosystem virtual gifting .............................................................................................. community participation: incentives ........................................................................................ the gift portal .......................................................................................................................... smart virtual gifts .................................................................................................................... gifto token ............................................................................................................................. gifto wallet ............................................................................................................................ hybrid off-chain/on-chain architecture .................................................................................. token economy ........................................................................................................................ roadmap and adoption ..................................................................................................... uplive brings million global user reach gifto ................................................................ migrating uplive from diamonds giftos ............................................................................. phased adoption ...................................................................................................................... gifto limited .................................................................................................................... team ................................................................................................................................. advisors ............................................................................................................................ asia innovations group's investors .................................................................................... risks disclaimers .......................................................................................................... abstract this paper outlines the case for the implementation decentralized virtual gifting protocol incentivize and monetize content generation individual content creators worldwide. the protocol may deployed various existing content publishing platforms the internet, such youtube, instagram, and facebook, among others, and can used complement conventional revenue streams which are primarily derived from advertising. asia innovations group ("aig") leading mobile entertainment company asia. has demonstrated that virtual gifting system highly effective monetization method for content creators its flagship live video platform, uplive. virtual gifts uplive not only drive significant revenue for global content creators, but also enhance interactions and relationships between creators and their fans. since its launch june the uplive community has rapidly expanded million global users, and the platform will generate more than usd million revenue for september alone, over million virtual gifts were purchased and sent uplive. the universal gifting protocol draws from the positive uplive experience, and seeks enable content producers across any content platform receive gifts from their fans. these virtual gifts will exist independently from any platform and retain their properties without any centralized controlling mechanism. each virtual gift will implemented smart contract ethereum blockchain, enabling the virtual gifts exist, owned, and transacted independently from any particular content platform system. this will serve reduce the dependency content producers their publishing platforms secure revenue for their work, and, extension, reliance advertisers. the proposed currency for transacting the virtual gifts gifto tokens, which will deployed erc-standard token the ethereum blockchain. gifto tokens will also used incentivize and motivate ecosystem participants help create, curate, and redeem virtual gifts. the alpha version gifto protocol will tested end and the beta version targeted for testing with full commercial launch gifto protocol will leverage uplive's existing mln user base and content creators test, iterate, and jump-start mass adoption, towards the vision empowering millions content creators worldwide. executive summary the pain point for content creators global social media and broadcasting platforms such youtube, instagram, facebook have allowed anyone easily create content and build fanbase followers and consumers. however, the bulk revenue generation such platforms remains heavily dependent advertising revenue. result, the incentive model which drives the ecosystem largely centralized and dominated either the platform the paying advertisers, often the expense content producers and consumers. since advertisers and marketers typically place greater value reaching broad audience possible, the present incentive system ends disproportionately favouring the most popular producers with the largest viewer base, subscribers, "hits". long less popular content producers continue deprived representation and opportunities the sustainable end the revenue-split table, the monetary incentives generated purely advertising revenue will continue swallowed the top few percentage content creators with the most traffic. the overall quality and diversity content the platform may suffer because the vast majority content creators are simply not able command reliable income stream under the present incentive scheme, regardless their value the users. the consequence that due the massive influence advertisers the type content that ends being rewarded, large catalogue high quality content may end never being produced simply because would unsustainable purely advertising revenue. this represents critical problem for both the platform and audience. the solution: uplive the idea generating revenue through virtual gifts assets has been used extensively the digital gaming industry. however, aig's flagship product, uplive, has demonstrated that sophisticated virtual gifting model can also work create sustainable ecosystem for mainstream content creators. attestation this point, the uplive platform has already been generating millions dollars income for over content creators every month. this constant income stream generated directly from the ever-increasing dedicated viewer base. aig has enabled the "gig economy" termed the south china morning post, where http://www.tubefilter.com////how-youtube-adpocalypse-affected-top-creators/ broadcaster can generate significant, sustainable revenue simply doing few hours broadcasting day. examples uplive's virtual gifts are presented below, while actual videos these virtual gifts action can seen www.up.live. the diagram below shows the positive feedback loop that virtual gifts create, and why such strong revenue driver. when viewer sends gift broadcaster, she receives visual delight and appreciation from the gift. when the broadcaster responds with thanks, the viewer feels the recognition and gratitude. this turn encourages more gifting, and enhances their social relationship, way that simple monetary tip can never do. essence, this mirrors real life gifting behavior and psychology, generating reinforcing positive feedback loop. http://www.scmp.com/tech/china-tech/article//pots-gold-chinas-gig-economy truly unleash the transformative potential the virtual gifting model, must transcend the boundaries any platform, including our own. understand the immense benefits allowing the audience reward producers directly, without intermediaries such the platform advertisers dictating how producers should paid. therefore, have been working expanding the deployment such model any content producer around the world, regardless which platform they choose publish on. our objective advance our monetization system for the benefit the millions content creators worldwide, while allowing meaningful relationships built directly between the content creators and their fans. uplive has already demonstrated that this revenue model possible. now, want bring this immensely rewarding and effective system the entire world. do, however, recognise that there are multiple challenges bringing our vision reality. these include the following: there universally immutable and trusted ledger recording values, transactions and characteristics virtual gifts, which are assets with significant economic value; virtual gifts are susceptible sabotage, such duplication limited edition gift, falsifying transactions, unauthorized changing values their properties, among other vulnerabilities; there organised framework manage the high number participants required create, categorise, control and run sophisticated virtual gifting system; without such cohesive framework, difficult attract and retain the number participants required service content creators and their fans global scale; creating high quality and large variety creative virtual gifts involves combined and sizeable team effort involving many participants following pre-set workflow which has been implemented internally uplive illustrated the process below: this process works well for uplive, however, relies few key centralized functions and often results bottleneck the speed and quality the end products. for example, our curators have manually test and trial each virtual gift for each content creator, and from idea high monetization and popular gift, often takes weeks create. there also lack direct incentives for participants apply their creativity the gifts difficult track how much their own effort contributes the end result the gift created. finally, combination virtual gifts and content creators can have different revenue shares, i.e., gift with ip, such mercedes virtual car, will have revenue share with the brand. and more experienced creators can command higher revenue share. this complex matrix revenue share calculated uplive's internal management system and verified team analysts, and the effort increases uplive's scale expands. therefore, have identified the need build more decentralized ecosystem, that involves the online community all aspects creating and maintaining the system. need implement clear rules and incentive system that results self-governance, with minimal centralized management. our model must also motivate its participants create high-value virtual gifts for content creators sufficient quantity meet the existing demand. gift creators, crucial components the ecosystem, will eventually produce wholly new content interaction experience for content producers and audiences alike. illustrated the above diagram, each party the ecosystem will incentivized participate and contribute the workflow. for example, the gift creator, reviewer, and content creator will each receive share the value the virtual gifts that have been purchased the fan. this way, this ecosystem able scale more organically, without being subject the monopolization dictation revenue flow any centralized entity. the solution: gifto protocol the universal gifting protocol powered blockchain blockchain technology offers two capabilities that are critical for our needs: blockchain enables creation virtual asset that holds value across any platform and immutable. blockchain enables rules built into decentralized system with defined roles that can utilized community participants drive workflow. their actions can incentivized and enforced the blockchain, creating self governing ecosystem. particular, revenue share the virtual gift's value different participants can written directly into the gift. gifto protocol the universal gifting protocol aims utilize the above two capabilities blockchain technology create decentralized ecosystem where community participants can come together create, curate, and customize rich variety high-quality virtual gifts for global content creators. seeking make virtual gift immutable and independent any content platform, plan implement smart contract asset. gifto protocol will also build series rules and incentives drive the workflow virtual gifting, including the process creation, curation, selection, and purchasing. these rules and incentives will also implemented using blockchain, anyone can participate the workflow and rewarded for it. gifto tokens are compliant with erc- standards the ethereum system, and will created for audiences purchase virtual gifts reward content creators. the virtual gifts, their properties, and workflows will codified ethereum smart contract. finally, order ensure frictionless adoption, web-based gifting system will enable virtual gifts sent users content creators youtube, instagram, any content/social media platform, just using web link, without any plugin any additional technical effort. implementation and adoption have already begun implementation gifto protocol, leveraging our substantial experience building virtual gift systems and mass market consumer products. the alpha version gifto protocol will testing end and the beta version will commence testing recognizing that high transaction throughput rate blockchain key obstacle mass adoption, are actively evaluating several leading technology projects. will leverage our existing user base millions users and creators test, iterate, and jump start mass adoption. they will the first adopters and testers the alpha version gifto protocol. the team behind gifto protocol asia innovations group (aig) leading mobile interactive entertainment company based asia. aig was co-founded the former general manager zynga, china, and the former deputy manager tencent's corporate strategy. each member our management team has over years experience mobile products and operations across western and asian markets. aig currently has over employees across global offices, spanning from morocco taipei. aig's portfolio products include: pengpeng, the first gamified social chat app asia, amassing over million downloads; uplive, the live streaming platform with highest monetization, track for usd million revenue for with over million downloads since its launch june bigcat, the original youtube content maker south east asia, with million views per month youtube, attracting million unique viewers per month; superfans, the fans app that allows fans follow their favorite stars' social media activities, amassing over million users since launching the highest quality mobile html social games, which have accumulated over million users worldwide. aig's products have together accumulated over million users, and the company now track generate more than usd million revenue for alone. aig backed first-tier institutional investors such kpcb, index ventures, wicklow capital, ventech, white star, and msa. individual investors include founder palantir, founder qunar.com, co-founder zynga, oculus facebook, and other internet industry leaders. aig has been widely reported mainstream press such cnn, wsj, south china morning post. more information aig can found www.asiainnovations.com, and uplive www.up.live. motivation: first-hand experience why current content monetization model broken platforms such youtube, instagram, facebook, have made easy for anyone create content with their mobile phones and reach theoretically anyone the world. youtube has monthly active user (mau) count billion users while instagram has million mau. any one these users can become content creator. however, easy create content, remains difficult for the vast majority content providers make meaningful living from doing so. https://techcrunch.com////youtube-has---billion-logged-in-monthly-users-watching-a-ton-of-mobile-video/ https://techcrunch.com////instagram--million-users/ http://www.businessinsider.com/chart-of-the-day-youtube-videos-by-views--/?ir=t https://devumi.com///-million-youtube-views-much-youtube-pays-milestone/ the fact that the vast majority online content creators today are simply not able make sustainable living from their work. have observed that over-reliance advertising revenue across many major centralised content platforms has led the creation autocratic incentive systems which disproportionately favour mass-market content and "top-tier" producers. this model has created epidemic systematic revenue deprivation, orphaning the vast majority budding online content creators, and stifling the diversity and quality content being produced. the problem that many content platforms have not adapted their products and services generate value for the bulk content creators who, ironically, continue drive traffic their platform. statistics show that only all videos youtube have more than million views, with videos million views earning only measly usd $,.. this epidemic systemic revenue deprivation highly concerning us. many deserving content creators are completely neglected this immensely lopsided system, which disproportionately favors mass-market content over niche, tailor-made content, which may equal higher value viewer. the under-representation the overwhelming majority creators many global platforms today paints worrisome picture the content production industry whole. while believe that all artists, producers and writers should able make decent living, there simply impetus change this crippling model. addition, since many content platforms rely heavily advertising revenue, they often have little choice but cater the whims, demands and expectations the advertisers. for example, some advertisers advanced concerns about their advertisements are being shown next what they deemed "unsafe" content, and pulled the plug many advertisements. the end result profoundly affected the earnings many content producers, even significantly decreasing revenue for many the "top-tier" content creators. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/youtube-is-making-it-harder-to-make-money-on-their_us_ebfebddeea http://splinternews.com/get-rich-or-die-vlogging-the-sad-economics-of-internet- "phil defranco, who has about million subscribers youtube, saw revenue drop percent within the first month. hhproductions, which has about million subscribers, said was only making percent what typically makes month month via youtube" sep th, digiday https://digiday.com/media/advertisers-may-have-returned-toyoutube-but-creators-are-still-losing-out-on-revenue/ aig, have deep understanding this painful issue. are intimately familiar with the perils using advertising revenue livelihood crutch, and know what this can mean for producers when the crutch breaks unexpectedly. example, within our portfolio bigcat, the leading original content creator youtube south east asia, with over million views every month. bigcat has created many long running video shows, each, average, producing episodes per month. the average number views for each episode over million. ghien one bigcat's most popular channels, with the most popular video amassing over million views. however, with even with staggering million views and million unique viewers per month, bigcat can only make usd per month via youtube advertising. all these views and users are just brand showcase for bigcat, with custom brand videos becoming the main revenue driver. this the case for top content creator, can only imagine the level impoverishment for the other creators who not reach any where close million views month. this problem not just youtube, but endemic across many leading content platforms today. better monetization model: virtual gifting the other hand, aig's flagship product, uplive, provides alternative through its virtual gifting solution. after its launch june uplive quickly became the highest monthly revenue international live streaming platform. august uplive receiving over usd million per month gross revenue from millions users across countries, and the same time, generating millions income for the broadcasters spread across these countries. essence, uplive now one the largest user-generated content platforms that powered directly through user contributions, and not advertising. uplive serves the needs the global community. with real-time translation support multiple languages, uplive user can interact with broadcasters from around the world, from japan morocco, all from the comfort their own home. the uplive platform enables users transcend traditional physical and language barriers, forging meaningful interactions between people across cultures, languages and races. perhaps most crucially, uplive also demolishes revenue barriers for content creators. the key uplive's strong, sustainable revenue model lies its highly optimized virtual giftbased monetization system. the system based proven business models asia and the team's deep understanding game mechanics. uplive's founder, andy tian, was one the earliest social game makers who later headed zynga china and parts asia operations. throughout his career, andy contributed building more than games that collectively grossed over usd million revenue, being played over millions users around the world. uplive enables content creators generate significant revenue directly from their fanbase. the top broadcasters uplive regularly make over usd month, for broadcasting only hours per day. monthly basis, uplive's broadcasters receive over million virtual gifts from users around the world. uplive grows, expect the number broadcasters surpass why virtual gifts generate high revenue? virtual gifts are not just beautiful animations the screen. their ability generate significant revenue comes from sophisticated implementation game mechanics and social psychology which have been deeply considered and methodically executed uplive. visual expression essential make "fun" for senders and receivers gifts beautiful, expressive virtual gifts dramatically increase willingness users send gifts broadcasters. for example, after upgrading exercise our gifts from simple graphics more expressive animations, revenue from gifts increased five times. are veterans the gaming industry, our artists, who have previously worked some the best international games, created some the most beautiful virtual gifts ever the live streaming industry. have observed that users and broadcasters uplive find incredibly "fun" and rewarding send/receive gifts. virtual gift critical enhancing social relationships the concept "tipping" content creator has been around for long time, and there are many such services the west, from twitch credits crypto tips reddit. however, have observed that virtual gifts are much more powerful and evocative than cash. gifting basic, universal human social behavior, built the psychology reciprocity. direct monetary tip simply cannot supplant the flow positive emotions generated from receiving more expressive, personalised gift. addition, there only one way send someone dollars, but infinite ways sending someone gifts valued dollars. the physical world, care, appreciation, and adoration are expressed the process selecting, packaging, and delivering gift. that how people build social relationships significance, and this what uplive brings the virtual world. uplive, the emotional reward receiving visually exciting and fun virtual gifts greatly enhances relationship between the broadcaster and his/her fans, way that monetary "tip", btc, can never do. the diagram below shows the positive feedback loop that virtual gifts can create. when viewer sends gift broadcaster, he/she receives visual delight and appreciation from the gift. when the broadcaster responds with thanks, the viewer feels recognition. this leads more gift sending, and enhances their social relationship multitude ways that simple monetary tip (and much less, advertising revenue) can never do. essence, uplive brings real-life gifting concepts, along with all its attendant benefits directly into the virtual world. the result that both the content producers and their audiences are rewarded their own way. users are willing pay significant real money for virtual gifts. this sample our gift sales from july rank sales name gifts sold total sales uplive coins gift price (usd) sail hotel lipstick private jet bubble tea dream carriage birds bridge mid-summer's dream romantic galaxy banana cupid taipei flying kiss private island ferrari love you forever diving mask blue roses little monster together forever around the world birds bridge dodge dream box golden monster victoria harbor our sales statistics have demonstrated that users are willing pay much usd $,. for "around the world" gift, one our most expensive and elaborate gifts. because these gifts have real meaning within our uplive platform, users begin attach real value them, and therefore are willing pay for them. this concept has been proven true time and time again online games, and have simply adopted this concept our content platform. virtual gifts are integral part larger gamification framework uplive, control all aspects the gifting experience crafting rich, intriguing variety tiered virtual gifts for use the platform. the following are some the characteristics uplive gifts: scarce: only this special gift available customized: some vip users and broadcasters have gifts that are customized for them with their special requests and taste transient: this gift must used days, will expire combinable: gifts can combined form new, more valuable one special-occasion-based: gifts for christmas, easter, valentine's day collectable: types horoscope gifts can collected with rewards tradeable: this gift can traded once others variable-pricing: this gift has defined discount just for days ar: gifts crowns, flowers, sunglasses can worn broadcasters enhance their appearance interactive: users can interact with gifts for game like fun randomly generated: some gifts when opened will randomly generate more valuable ones for anyone who has built large scale, virtual goods driven online games before, these categories would look immediately familiar game items. have adopted the core concepts from the digital gaming industry and implemented similarly intuitive but sophisticated gifting system, which works well for users who have never played games before. virtual gifts lead engaging new advertising uplive has worked with many leading brands create virtual versions their products, which users actively engage with. the example the left, uplive has worked with mercedes taiwan create unique slc gift that was part the valentine's day event. these virtual gifts are extremely popular with users, and also represent new type highly engaging advertising value. blockchain: decentralized virtual gifts steadily grow our uplive network, have come recognize the underlying potential for our system serve countless content creators residing other content platforms. there are millions such content creators the world. yet, some may have already invested too much into their content platforms justify migration uplive, while other creators may produce content that just not suited for live broadcasting. thus encounter numerous technical and economical challenges exporting our native system for the benefit these content creators. while our virtual gifts are powerful and effective monetization tool, currently they can only used specifically uplive. outside our centralized system, and without well-defined, unalienable set rules, these virtual gifts quickly lose their meaning and value, and will ultimately fail benefit content creators. have established that for virtual gifting system exist independently any centralized system such uplive, must have following features: trusted continuity value: must have well-defined and universally accepted value that trusted regardless any platform. lifetime: must able define how long this gift valid for. this commonly used for special occasion gifts such holidays, where santa would not appropriate any more after christmas. immutable transaction records: must permanently record all actions performed the gift, such the identity the sender and the receiver changes value changes any identifying properties, names, visual asset, etc. creator/owner: must record who created this gift, and who the current owner customizable properties allow anyone with creative ideas create their own customized gifts have identified blockchain technology and smart contracts the basis for deploying universal, decentralised virtual gifting system which can deployed and usable any content creator. this technology will extinguish the continued reliance any centralised platform, and yet allow content creators reap significant commercial value directly from their fans, while simultaneously enhancing the overall experience and social relationships. note that the concept virtual asset transmission blockchain not novel concept. fact, there are already some early implementations collectible virtual assets, such rare pepe virtual trading cards, which uses counterparty.io ensure the uniqueness each card. the social value these items can seen the vibrant rare pepe trading community. now, want capitalise the inherent capabilities the blockchain, along with our deep expertise gamification and virtual gift systems, introduce universal gifting system for the benefit content creators worldwide, across any platform. empowered blockchain technology, will create the first, truly decentralized universal gifting protocol. name "gifto protocol the universal gifting protocol". gifto protocol the universal gifting protocol gifto protocol the universal gifting protocol envisioned self-governing and selfsustaining ecosystem for virtual gifts created, curated, tracked, bought, sent and exchanged across any content platform such youtube, instagram, facebook, and uplive. for truly self-sustaining ecosystem for all contributors, gifto protocol will have the following components: gifts gifto protocol's virtual smart gifts, self-executing virtual assets based smart contracts that live the blockchain gift store, where fan can buy gift for the content creator the gift store will displayed when fan clicks the gifting link for content creator (see section .), and will show gifts customized this content creator gift inventory, holds gifts for user who can either fan content creator gifto tokens, erc-standards token used buy/redeem virtual gifts. gifto wallet, wallet hold gifto tokens for user gift portal, management system for gifts created, curated, and managed gifto protocol contributors the gift portal the interface through which all the participants the ecosystem conduct their actions the virtual gift workflow: enable virtual gifting any content platform our experience with building and deploying large scale consumer products has revealed that frictionless interfaces technology tend lead towards higher success rates mass adoption. envision the gifto protocol enable any content creator receive gifts any content platform. therefore, order successfully induce mass adoption amongst users, the blockchain technology has implemented and deployed seamless and easy-to-use manner. response, have created broad html-based gifting interface, meaning that only link needed send virtual gifts any content creator any platform. have eliminated the need download any further plugins other clumsy technical integration tools. using youtube example, the basic gift-giving flow follows: step the content creator selects step web link created for the the gifts appropriate his her content content creator that will show the gifts project her fans step the content creator can paste the link her instagram, facebook, youtube channel step fan clicks the link, opens the customized gift store, uses gifto purchase and send gift once content creator receives the virtual gift, stored inventory, she can then choose one two actions: redeem the virtual gift and convert into gifto tokens; where the virtual gift then disappears from inventory, keep the virtual gift, which can sent later time others. limited edition gifts are especially valuable the ecosystem virtual gifting the creation and maintenance high-quality and high-demand inventory virtual gifts manpower-intensive task. our team over highly skilled game artists, designers, engineers and operational staffs can only create new gifts month. this number clearly falls short what want achieve for all the content creators across the multiple content platforms. therefore, need build proper ecosystem active participants who will work together create system that scalable and self-sustaining. our vision the key participants outlined below: content creators: the producers creators any content around the world that has his her fan-base, video, music, art, any other communicative medium virtual gift creators: the contributors/artists who create the virtual gift assets, from images animations; they can also content creators themselves curators: the panel review and curate virtual gifts for quality, categorization, and pricing fans: the fans, fan-base content producers creators our uplive platform has implemented this concept, and truly refined the process how each actor performs its role and complements the others this highly dynamic virtual ecosystem. our constant dedication fine-tuning every aspect the gifting cycle how ensure that have one the most sophisticated and valuable virtual gifting systems the entire live streaming industry. now, can finally combine the power this proven system with the immutable and decentralised capabilities blockchain technology better serve the needs millions deserving content producers and creators all around the world. our virtual gift system will connect creators and consumers ways never experienced before. few things note: crucial have centralized forum where ideas can pooled and improved upon, because even the best gift creators not have all the best ideas. furthermore, some ideas will tend iterative nature, hence the gift ideas' pool must constantly filter out unoriginal repeated gift concepts. gift creator can access the pool see what has already been created gifts get inspired create new ones. gift creator often visual artist, who creates image animation virtual gift. the gift creator can also use trademarked ips once he/she has obtained permission from the holder. for example, create virtual chanel handbag, the gift creator must have obtained prior permission. whether the created gift has component should marked the gift record. owner can grant permission with pre-agreed fee gift creators. curators and users can report violation, which will cause the gift taken out circulation and its creator notified with relevant action(s) taken where necessary. lastly, being gift creator does not preclude the same person from being content producer well. the curator plays important role. one key learning had when dealing with user-generated content that solid curation framework greatly increases the quality content offerings. the best gift creators are not necessarily the best curators, and vice versa. therefore, must separate the creation and curation the form maker/checker system. the curator has things review: content: visually judge representation and description. weed out inappropriate low quality content. flag out any potential legal violations violations. category: proper gift categorization for better sorting capabilities price: determining appropriate pricing levels. the initial price must well represented based its visual quality, value real world context and price relativity. for example, virtual diamond-studded pen can more expensive than virtual car even though the virtual car more expensive than normal virtual pen. curation not easy job and the curator might not well-versed judge all gifts. hence, curator can choose skip gift he/she unsure about and only curates the ones that he/she has domain knowledge in. the content creator can choose the type gift for their fans see create customized and constant fresh engagement experience. close the loop, fans can select and purchase gifts with gifto tokens send the content creator while also providing feedback new concepts for gift ideas added the pool gifts. community participation: incentives want gifto protocol the universal gifting protocol eventually the ultimate "gift" the global community where everyone can create, send, and receive gifts regardless the platform which they reside. our live video streaming and gaming experience has proven that will not only create significant monetization avenue for the hard working content creators but also make mutually rewarding for all parties involved. our vision use the element enjoyment and personal connections further enhance the social dynamics all virtual relationships. know that for any decentralized ecosystem work, proper incentive and disincentive mechanism must set place continuously reward and encourage positive behavior, while eliminating unacceptable behaviors. the rules governing this framework should simple, logical and transparent enough for anyone easily read and understand. when such framework properly executed within the ecosystem, can create positive feedback loop that truly decentralized, trustless and autonomous manner. our suggested framework presented below. positive incentives when the fan purchases gift with gifto tokens and sends the content creator, the following proposed revenue share gifto tokens ensures everyone involved compensated: *note that all token revenue shares occur only after transaction fees incurred the gift purchase have been deducted. notes: content creator will earn he/she considered the main contributor the ecosystem. gift creator earns established used, then the rights holder will entitled portion this token revenue share. actual agreement between gift creator and owner, and there will custom data field the smart contract for this gift. gift curator earns for work done reviewing the gift created. gifto protocol earns for operational support and maintenance the ecosystem. the remaining would accumulated into rewards pool paid out periodically all viewers/fans bonus lucky draw prizes reinforce the element fun and gamification. the proposed token revenue share will written into each gift's smart contract that all shares are done fair, instant and transparent manner. will implement constant iterations optimize the incentives for all parties involved the ecosystem evolves from alpha beta testing versions. negative incentives there are number ways that the ecosystem workflow can compromised. foresee that the following weaknesses may still exist: gift creators can create poor quality, offensive gifts which the curator fails spot. virtual gift might violate existing gift creator purposely set very high prices for all his/her gifts effectively curb undesired behavior, will implement certain mechanisms utilized the uplive platform. starting point, detailed policies will iterated and completed during beta testing version: inherent checks and balances the ecosystem: content creator receives the majority the economic value from each gift, therefore they are the most incentivized select best quality gifts increase the chance that their fans would purchase. content creators are also the most publicly visible participants hence any violation rights common decency associated with and reflects badly them. fans are paying with gifto tokens, which will have economic value, and therefore will only buy gifts that are high quality and those that they fancy, the price that they think are fair. inefficient unrealistic pricing gifts will result fewer purchases, the real world. gift ratings: gifts are rated fans and content creators: when content creator view gifts for selection when fans see them the gift store ratings are based widespread -star rating (-worst and -best). the ratings the gift are recorded for both gift creator and curator ratings fall below stars, the gift creator's and curator's revenue share will reduced their allocated earnings. ratings fall below stars, their revenue share would adjusted uplive has created vibrant economy content creators with fans that are happy pay for virtual gifts. will exercise the same time-tested policies that have been proven work for the new gifto protocol ecosystem. the gift portal the gift portal will enable content creators and users better manage the entire gifting experience, from both giving and receiving perspectives. for content creators: view their received gifts allows content creator view gift statistics and continuously customize which gifts are available for his/her viewers, order maximize monetization view various leaderboards (image below) access analytics help content creators understand which content drives better monetization use management and communication tool between content creators and their top fans for users: view which content creators they have sent gifts view their currently purchased gifts that have not been sent providing inputs gift idea pool sample alpha version gift portal: list gift projects that content creator might creator for his/her content across different platforms showing revenue received the content creator gifto tokens via virtual gifts the fan can see who else has sent gifts this content creator further enhance the social gifting experience, will introduce the element competition. gifto protocol will exhibit variety leaderboards for each content creator encourage competition amongst his her fans. the more generous the fan, the higher the leaderboard she will place. from the leaderboards, both users and content creators will able see who are the top fans for this creator, what are the most popular gifts, and which content the most popular. with leaderboards and rankings, content creators can see who their top contributors are. this opens more avenues for revenue and content generation. for example, customized content can produced the top contributor's request; content can also made exclusively for such contributors. this system allows producers build closer relationships with contributors and dramatically enhances the social relationships between content creators and fans, they currently uplive. smart virtual gifts smart virtual gifts are digital assets deployed using smart contracts within the blockchain. they are used publish and store data about virtual gifts the blockchain. using smart contracts ensures that virtual gifts are kept transparent and immutable. the smart virtual gift's record includes the following data: gift name visual asset gift creator provenance the gift (origination/transaction path) content creator who merchandizing this gift gift value gifto tokens token revenue share contracts ie, for gift creator, for used, for content creator special properties based categories below many categories gifts have already been deployed uplive and will ported over gifto protocol. over time, new types gifts can created the community based creativity and demand fans. pricing virtual gifts gifto tokens will publicly visible the representation the gift. the various models and formats virtual gifts implemented using smart contracts are seen below. gifto token gifto tokens will the main transactional currency gifto protocol and will used the following ways: virtual gifts: community members can use gifto tokens buy and redeem virtual gifts; incentivizing the community: participants can earn gifto tokens performing service the ecosystem. e.g. creating virtual gift curating virtual gifts gifto tokens will compliant with erc standards and will possess the following properties: foundation: ethereum blockchain name: gifto; symbol: gifto supply: one billion (,,,) gifto tokens total balance: available publically ethereum account: uses ethereum addresses mining: none owner: multi-signature wallet restriction: owner (issuer gifto tokens) cannot purchase, but owner can allow the purchase and control the token initial price peg. the owner can withdraw ethers from the contract. gifto wallet make easy for users who are new cryptocurrency, have also developed the gifto wallet, u.s. patent pending technology transactional wallet. the gifto wallet will handle all gifto-related transaction activities such creating the user's wallet the ethereum blockchain, and performing the transferring, buying, redemption functions both internally our network and externally the blockchain. with the gifto wallet, any user can easily manage, transfer purchase gifto tokens via uplive any other content platforms. the gifto wallet api/sdk, all communications are securely encrypted via -bit encryption, and the user the gifto wallet the application the only one who can authorize the transaction. this done without requiring store any user's wallet credentials our system. hence the user's wallet's private key will only accessible the user. recognise that the complexity vague transaction fees, encryption necessitating private and private key management and alphanumeric addresses may create significant barriers mass adoption. address these issues, gifto wallet will make very simple for all users transact using simple password biometrics like fingerprint. transaction fees will kept minimal and fully transparent. all uplive's million users will have access the first version gifto wallet end which will provide the initial user base for gifto protocol. hybrid off-chain/on-chain architecture although the ethereum blockchain technology powerful due its support for readilydeployable smart contracts, one its often-cited drawbacks that slow and expensive confirm transaction. recent proposals many blockchain experts how make transactions much faster did not clearly demonstrate how this issue will solved the near future. are aware that the time taken confirm transaction the blockchain increasingly crucial move towards mass adoption, and are constantly surveying alternative solutions. plasma, lightning, eos, cardano, and zilliqa are some the numerous transaction platforms being studied alternatives. are the process thoroughly evaluating these options see any them will suitable for gifto protocol. will conduct real-world trials once have attained critical mass real users gifto protocol. part our ongoing research and development efforts, are also the process developing hybrid architecture (off-chain/on-chain solution) support fast transaction execution required the large volumes expected from virtual gift transactions, while preserving sufficient degree decentralization. the first version this architecture expected launch support the beta test gifto protocol. token economy healthy token economy key for tokens shift the price curve, way that directly proportional the number users who are using the token. healthy token economy has following characteristics: growing demand: more and more users want use the token create value fixed supply: total number tokens are fixed balance gradual consumption tokens and supplying tokens into the economy the centralized uplive experience, are running year virtual economy, based our in-app token, diamond. the diamond user experience visually explained the next few pages. diamonds are the in-app currency that they are purchased fiat via traditional used purchase virtual gifts for broadcasters payment channels such google pay and apple pay notice that there diamonds wallet above. this natural phenomenon which occurs all virtual economies, especially games. users use fiat purchase in-game/inapp currency, and takes period time for the users spend the currency buy game items, this case, virtual gifts. uplive, average takes days for users fully spend the diamonds that they purchased. and because they are buying virtual gifts real time for the broadcasters, they almost always buy more diamonds soon the previous balance dips below what required buy particular gift. user buys gift for broadcaster gift animation plays, broadcaster happy; the user motivated buy another gift the next gift costs more than the balance diamonds the user the user prompted purchase more diamonds note diamonds are still left the balance before user buys. average, uplive, per day per paying user, there are diamonds left balance. therefore, believe that similar pattern will emerge the gifto protocol, whereby there will always gifto tokens left over user's wallet after buying virtual gifts. this means that the number gifto tokens held and not sold will increase proportionally the number users who use giftos buy virtual gifts. this creates natural restriction token supply, which will create natural shifts the token price curve over time. additional artificial mechanism needed. roadmap and adoption unlike most projects that have only great idea, gifto comes with uplive's large userbase and broadcasters. after all, the whole idea universal gifting was response strong demand current uplive content creators. our experience with building products for more than million users across multiple countries, languages, and cultures have trained very mindful how drive adoption new technologies. will bring these learnings gifto's adoption. will address aspects adoption this section quantifying the total reach uplive's userbase for gifto plan for migrating uplive itself from diamonds giftos phased execution and timeline uplive brings million global user reach gifto collectively, uplive already reaches million users that will incentivized jump start the global virtual gifting ecosystem. uplive's broadcasters have millions fans outside uplive youtube, instagram, and facebook about broadcasters have average fans across these platforms, with combined million, assuming large overlap users, conservatively the reach million users outside uplive. uplive's mln users are also users these global platforms, following other content creators example uplive broadcaster's influence outside facebook, olivia below has fans facebook. since being uplive for about months, broadcasting hours average month, she has received .mln coins uplive, which equivalent usd, translating usd /hour. essence, uplive already represents large slice the global content creation and virtual gifting market. migrating uplive from diamonds giftos addition, uplive already running $mln usd internal token economy, based uplive's own in-app token called diamonds. currently, virtual gifts are purchased with diamonds. diamond usage uplive will gradually migrated using gifto, adoption gifto increases. there are additional benefits gifto tokens have over diamonds, users will have strong incentive move from diamonds giftos. our goal eventually replace most diamonds with giftos, allowing uplive users also enjoy the advantages crypto tokens over traditional fiat: uniform form payment for users across countries, regions, and currencies minimize transaction fees some global payment channels protection from frequent payment frauds, especially credit card and payment fraud. for example: scammers frequently use stolen credit card info purchase diamonds, which are only discoverable post transaction. protection from arbitrage losses due exchange rates fluctuations across different currencies the above are real problems faced uplive all the time. example, some users often steal other people's credit card data and use buy diamonds, and uplive only finds out after someone makes claim. furthermore, feb, the egyptian pound suddenly dropped more than against the dollar day, but the corresponding rate was not updated major global mobile payment platform. uplive team discovered that user was tunneling egypt via vpn and buying very large amount diamonds which then resold. crypto tokens can utilized solve this problem. therefore, more and more users adopt gifto, more transactions within uplive can migrated gifto and off fiat based diamonds. facilitate this, developed the gifto wallet part the core gifto protocol implementation. the gifto wallet already development and will rolled out the uplive userbase end after wallet gets rolled out all users, across android, ios and web, will begin air dropping initial set gifto tokens seed uplive users. end there will mln users holding gifto tokens, making the largest user base ever hold new crypto token. current blockchain technology cannot handle the fast response time required large commercial system like uplive, and that new blockchain smart contract gift system will need built, will onboarding users gradually. end uplive will generate conservatively mln usd month, and should have more than mln virtual gifts sent every month. estimate that then, will able migrate about uplive's transactions gifto protocol. uplive's transactions should expected end phased adoption gifto protocol ecosystem will rolled out several phases follows: phase work timing preparation: seeding gifto with uplive users once gifto wallet available uplive app, will allocate gifto tokens gradually paying users uplive, seed the user base for gifto, these dec users are already paying for virtual gifts regular basis. phase alpha version: centralized gifto protocol working external content platforms the alpha version gifto protocol will available jan uplive content creators use outside uplive: youtube, instagram, facebook, etc. this still hosted uplive systems and domain. the goal quickly iterate the user experience enable any content creator easily use gifto start monetizing their content. phase beta version: decentralized gifto protocol blockchain working external environment beta version decentralized gifto protocol, deployed blockchain that available for external users outside uplive use. this will hybrid on/off chain server solution support fast transactions. front end user experience iterated basd alpha version start work with new global content creators that are not uplive iterate product experience further. first set smart virtual gifts deployed based blockchain. phase commercial version gifto protocol launch full ecosystem enabled, with commercial-grade fast transaction blockchain server. fully push global content creators worldwide gifto limited the long-term goal gifto limited establish gifto tokens the pre-eminent cryptocurrency for decentralized network global content creators. all existing giftorelated technology will integrated gifto limited, and will the holding entity all undistributed gifto tokens. the ongoing role gifto limited will further develop the technologies underpinning the gifto tokens, well perform continuous research and development improve all other aspects the gifto ecosystem. will further seek forge strategic partnerships with prominent up-and-coming entities, apps and platforms promote, distribute, incentivise, and integrate gifto tokens and gifto protocol the entire content creation industry large. gifto limited will also continuously implement further policies and measures ensure the smooth, uninterrupted functioning any related technologies achieve its goal open, reliable and decentralized ecosystem. team asia innovations group ("aig") leading mobile interactive entertainment group based asia, with portfolio products and services that now serve over million users around the world. already track generate more than usd million revenue total, employ more than staff across offices mena and asia pacific. our core competencies include deep domain expertise building innovative consumer products, and driving significant revenue directly from our users. more information aig can found at: www.asiainnovations.com. aig funded leading international institutional investors such kpcb, index ventures, wicklow capital, ventech, white star capital, and msa alternative. many leading angels are also aig investors, including the founder palantir, the founder qunar.com, the co-founder zynga, the oculus facebook, and many other prominent internet industry veterans. will contribute our considerable resources and experiences the development, promotion, and operation gifto tokens and gifto protocol the universal gifting protocol. our deep consumer product operation experience will vital instruments ensure the successful adoption gifto protocol, and thereby empowering millions content creators worldwide the gifto team led the following individuals: andy tian group ceo, asia innovations group andy currently the group ceo asia innovations group. before co-founding asia innovations, andy was the general manager zynga china, where spearheaded zynga's expansion china and personally oversaw the inception and creation many global top games. also previously co-founded one the world's earliest social app companies which was sold zynga become zynga china. before that, was early member google china and built its mobile business from the ground up, including introducing android china andy began his career silicon valley startup. aig the startup co-founded. andy graduated from mit with bachelor's and master's degrees computer science. andy was born china and immigrated new york, usa age his full profile can found at: https://www.linkedin.com/in/andytian/ charles thach chief crypto officer, asia innovations group charles the chief crypto officer, responsible for driving operations and implementation gifto. previously worked top tier investment banks various roles washington dc, boston, paris, new york and hong kong. co-authored aml/kyc policy and procedures for global bank and subsequently initiated and participated selection blockchain technologies implement such procedures. throughout his banking career, charles has developed in-depth knowledge the global banking systems, negotiated and concluded derivatives trading relationships with over counterparts, ranging from regional banks global hedge funds. cultivated relationships with financial institutional clients that over the course decade generated hundreds billions usd transaction notional, with products ranging from simple payment mechanisms sophisticated financial derivatives such correlation/variance swaps and swaptions. charles believes that blockchain technology's main feature enable transactions that eliminate minimize transaction costs and government taxes, which will then enable efficient capital market frontier and minimize wars, economic disparities and physical borders. charles holds mba degree from hec paris and earned his bachelors degree from georgetown university. he's also certified alternative investment analyst. his full profile can found at: https://www.linkedin.com/in/charles-thach-/ william nguyen, ph.d. chief crypto architect, asia innovations group william the inventor the advanced collaborative telecommunication technology empowering edoopad and its auxiliary applications, which were featured many renowned technology review blogs such engadget and android authority. william serial entrepreneur with many successful ventures. the author the u.s. patent pending technology allowing one build massively scalable and transactional cryptocurrency wallet that can handle billions users. addition, undertaking the research and development the super fast transactional blockchain technology for fast transactions. his mission for the latest work bring blockchain the mass that everyone can experience the benefits this nascent decentralized technology their daily lives. william the former alfred sloan postdoctoral fellow harvard medical school. his primary research was data/text mining, molecular modeling, theoretical development, and massive parallel computing applied solve many scientific questions spanning from physics, chemistry, and biology medicine. before harvard, was the institutional doctoral fellow computational science the lawrence livermore national laboratory. was featured/invited speaker various scientific conferences and universities. over the past years, william has built many social networking, on-demand video streaming, and telecommunication applications serving tens millions users worldwide the areas business communication, media, education, and entertainment. william graduated summa cum laude (highest honors) from the university california-davis campus. his full profile can found at: https://www.linkedin.com/in/dathnguyen/ daniel yeh ceo taiwan, asia innovations group daniel long time veteran taiwan's mobile internet space. his experience spans from being the founder pillar-ezmobo.com, co-founder mimisoft.com, mtel taiwan, and most recently founder the well-known live broadcasting service mimicam taiwan. mimicam won many awards and topped the charts both ios apps store and google play. daniel also created the taiwan mobile application consortium and was its first appointed chairman. also the member the first class the aama (asia america multi-technology association), one the earliest internet organizations spanning across china and taiwan. daniel has mba global business development from national chengchi university. minh thach general manager vietnam, asia innovations group minh the general manager aig vietnam, subsidiary aig, and the live streaming and online entertainment company vietnam. also the chairman big cat entertainment the largest online video network southeast asia, with over million subscribers and over billion aggregated views. minh started his career yahoo the sunnyvale, and subsequently moved singapore. has spent the last years leading roles various internet companies asia. before aig, minh was leading the mobile team for lazada. also spent years singapore managerial capacity yahoo! sea and linkedin. minh has been studying blockchain technology and co-investing blockchain companies over the past years alongside his brother, charles thach. minh graduated from california polytechnic state university with bachelor's degree electrical engineering. advisors danny yang ceo blockseer danny yang has spent the last years working blockchain, one the earliest pioneers this space. has founded several companies innovating blockchain and artificial intelligence. currently the ceo blockseer, unique blockchain analytics company that specializes data analysis and anti-money laundering (aml) for digital currencies. previously, danny founded maicoin one the earliest full service crypto exchanges the world. prior blockchain, danny was veteran, who founded data science companies, scoredata and seravia. started his entrepreneurial journey part like.com, the original mass consumer computer vision company that deployed e-commerce solutions back later acquired google. danny has chemistry and physics from harvard, and phd computer science from stanford. loi luu ceo and co-founder kyber network loi luu the ceo and co-founder kyber network. also researcher working cryptocurrencies, smart contract security and distributed consensus algorithms. loi regularly invited speaker bitcoin and ethereum workshops such devcon, and edcon. loi believes the force the ethereum and blockchain technology. much his work revolves around this community. developed oyente, the first open-source security analyzer for ethereum smart contracts. loi also cofounded smartpool, another open source project which embraces decentralization mining pools existing cryptocurrency. continues champion decentralisation and trustless properties the blockchain with kybernetwork, taking inspiration and developing value for the community. shen co-founder and general partner fenbushi capital co-founder and general partner fenbushi capital, the first venture capital firm that exclusively invests blockchain-enabled companies. tom duterme board member, fortune companies; ex-director corporate development, google tom serves advisor gifto contributing his invaluable insights into youtube monetisation and global content economy. currently serves advisory and board roles selected organizations including silicon valley startups, fortune companies, and hollywood independent film projects. previously, worked senior corporate development executive for google. most recently, headed corporate development activities for youtube, with emphasis strategic growth including monetising youtube's vast audience. has also held business development and advisory roles for other business units within google. prior google, tom spent years china and helped found two internet companies, cto and head sales for both ventures. tom graduated with physics from macalester college and mba from mit sloan management. speaks mandarin and french and working his japanese. chris miess iconic partners; ex-cfo, tenx chris was the former cfo tenx, and planned and executed their usd million ico. this ico was the largest asia and has set the standard for many icos come. before his tenure tenx, chris worked for many years investment banking goldman sachs london. advised fintech companies capital markets and m&a transactions. amongst his clients were fintech companies, banks, credit card companies and other financial institutions. dr. jin hur co-founder and general partner, sema translink dr. hur co-founder and general partner sema translink, firm with focus tmt, including blockchain. translink network with funds managed based palo alto and korea, and presence key asian markets. prior sema translink, jin was serial entrepreneur asia market with years startup experience internet, mobile and gaming since hitters founder neo; ex-search anti-fraud team, google nebulas antshares (neo) founder, former founding leader ant financial's blockchain platform, ex-googler search anti-fraud team, and graduated from tongji university computer science and technology. first blockchain pioneer china. since has founded ico, bitsclub (the first blockchain/ bitcoin innovation community china), antshares (the first blockchain china), fbg (the first fund dedicated blockchain china), gempay (the first bitcoin/blockchain cross-border payment platform china). founded the first international blockchain summit china with series influential international blockchain summits. asia innovations group's investors institutional investors angel investors fritz demopoulos founder queen's' road capital and co-founder qunar joe lonsdale founder palantir, justin waldron co-founder zynga, active angel investor tech and blockchain hugo barra, vr, facebook shakil khan, investor and early staff spotify james mi, md, lightspeed venture china and other senior staff from facebook and google risks disclaimers accessing the information set forth this document any part hereof, you represent and warrant asia innovations group and/or gifto limited that you accept the following: offer this document does not constitute form part offer sell the solicitation offer subscribe for, underwrite purchase any form investment securities, nor shall any part form the basis of, relied upon, any way connection with any contract investment decision relating the same. agreement this document shall not relied enter into any contract form basis any investment decision. any agreement(s) between gifto limited and you are governed separate document ("sale document"). the event any inconsistency between this document and the sale document, the respective sale document shall prevail. information the information, statements, estimates, projections and opinions this document respect the anticipated roadmaps, development and projected terms and performance the relevant entities, are selective and subject updating, expansion, revision, independent verification and amendment. such, asia innovations group and gifto limited are not making any representation warranty undertaking, including those relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this paper. whilst intend fulfil all the goals set out this document, case unforeseen circumstances, the goals may change may not achieved without any notice you. advice none the contents this document constitutes legal, financial, tax other advice and encourage you consult with the relevant professional advisors independently. regulations the regulatory status cryptographic tokens, including the any digital currency, digital assets and blockchain technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions. the publication and dissemination this document not imply that any relevant laws, regulations and rules have been complied with. regulatory authority has examined approved this document. where any relevant governmental authority makes changes existing laws, regulations and/or rules, where financial institutions make certain commercial decisions, may have material adverse effect and/or impair the ability any relevant entity referred the document function intended, all. advertisement and distribution this paper for general information purpose only and not advertisement, nor intended used call for offer behalf asia innovations group and/or gifto limited. distribution this presentation may restricted prohibited law regulatory authority your jurisdiction. recipients should inform themselves and comply with all such restrictions prohibitions and both asia innovations group and gifto limited not accept any liability any person relation thereto. other disclaimers the disclaimers set out above are not exhaustive and more comprehensive list will set out other documents such the full project whitepaper.