blockchain ecosystem for the diamond industry diamonds are all about glitter, glamor and prestige, they symbolize luxury and opulence. transactions the diamond industry are made through personal contact, the parties involved try assess each other and move ahead the business process. rightly said that you should value the diamond dealer before valuing his diamonds. and even after applying the most diligent evaluation, there ample scope for guesswork and misconceptions. glitzkoin has been initiated bring transparency and simplicity the diamond industry. integrates the conventional diamond industry with the latest decentralized internet value system. evaluations and assessments will longer bedone guesses and hunches. glitzkoin seeks transform the diamond industry diminishing barriers, increasing coordination, and instilling trust cross-border transactions for the diamond industry. table contents introduction abstract diamond industry overview vision glitzkoin use cases the glitzkoin open blockchain supply chain blockchain decentralized exchange global diamond track and trace open ecosystem roadmap token economics management team advisors introduction abstract blockchain technology and crypto currencies are transforming the world and the diamond industry exception. despite some nascent efforts, blockchain ecosystem focused the diamond industry has been designed that encompasses the various issues faced the industry. the need for transparency, visibility and objectivity the diamond industry was felt many decades ago. the need for person person contact when processing diamond purchase sale, limited the size the market. glitzkoin focuses integrating the best features the conventional diamond industry with, the utility and functionality the latest blockchain technology. diamond industry diamonds are one the world's, and specifically africa's, major natural resources. estimated us$ billion worth rough diamonds are produced per year, which approximately us$. billion are from africa (approximately %). the diamond industry employs approximately ten million people around the world, both directly and indirectly, across wide spectrum roles from mining retail. global diamond jewelry sales continue grow, increasing three-fold the past years, and are currently worth excess us$ billion every year. data sources www.mining.com www.statistica.com the diamond jewelry supply chain (known the diamond pipeline) the process that brings diamonds from the earth consumers. has several different stages: exploration mining sorting cutting polishing retailing introduction vision this document outlines glitzkoin's vision for the diamond industry. glitzkoin seeks build blockchain based open ecosystem for the diamond industry where all the trade diamonds can conducted and coordinated. glitzkoin global startup that uses the best emerging technology including blockchain, smart contracts and machine learning assist the reduction risk and fraud for banks, insurers and open marketplaces the diamond and precious stone industry. provide full ecosystem for the diamond industry from supply chain solution, tracking certification diamonds and finally decentralized exchange for the trade diamonds and related services. glitzkoin utility for the diamond industry incorporate the latest blockchain technology into the supply chain the diamond industry. this opens new platform conduct global trade diamonds. besides reducing the costs related transaction, glitzkoin eliminates the inefficiencies that are inherent paper based transaction processing. set advanced functions are implemented provide very intricate and detailed, diamond tracing and tracking capability. the objective decentralize the market place for diamonds, this will vastly open access for buyers and sellers diamonds. the diamond trade does require additional ancillary services like shipping, finance and insurance. these services will provided separate service providers. the glitzkoin project will only integrate them the platform and not charging any commission brokerage for such third party services. market trends and potential there doubt that the implementation glitzkoin, will increase the market reach the diamond industry. the increased visibility products and the acceptance crypto currency, will make possible for diamond dealers all levels increase their market share. the same time, the transparency the whole process and the authentication the diamonds, will instill confidence both professional and first time diamond buyers. the absence middlemen and lowering transportation and other related costs, will allow for highly competitive pricing. introduction glitzkoin use cases overview glitzkoin objectives and functionality integrating the latest blockchain technology into the diamond industry supply chain global trade platform using blockchain technology aimed improving the cost transportation, lack visibility and inefficiencies with paper-based processes connecting all stake holders from mining companies retail customers global diamond track and trace block chain based tracking for certified diamonds record attributes, origin and history each diamond theft prevention authenticating and tracking the diamond track stones all through their value added journey decentralized market place for trade diamonds facilitate trustless transactions between diamond traders allowing anyone buy and sell diamonds facilitate ancillary services like shipping and insurance for diamonds fulfilled third party providers drastically cut the time required for trade transaction settlements the glitzkoin open blockchain supply chain blockchain for the diamond industry diamond industry supplychain using blockchain glitzkoin not just another blockchain, our team comprises professionals from the diamond industry and experts from the technical field related blockchains and crypto currencies. there are number stakeholders the diamond industry, starting with the mining companies and including diamond polishers, certification authorities, retail sellers and consumers. bringing all these stakeholders the same platform, facilitate the ease and efficiency fulfilling transactions. our propriety blockchain has privacy options configured specifically for the diamond industry. ensure transparency building both, public and private blockchains achieve hybrid technical model. this combines the best both worlds; high security the public blockchain paired with permissioned controls private blockchains, this allow better serve the industry. glitzkoin combines privacy, accessibility, and security create enterprise-ready applications. current blockchain technology does not meet industry needs the transaction data completely public and network security often uncertain. privacy glitzkoin uses zk-snarks and bulletproofs keep transaction data completely private, which means transaction data and trade secrets remain encrypted and obscured from competitors. user friendly glitzkoin solutions will seamlessly integrate into existing business processes and applications. technical knowledge required for companies users. identity network security glitzkoin's supply chain completely secure and based the federated byzantine agreement system run network governance protocol and eliminate bad actors. historical records securely record historical data and transactions allowing suppliers prove their reliability buyers and rating institutions. third party applications glitzkoin enables companies quickly build customized, end-to- end, supply chain applications with data privacy. the glitzkoin open blockchain decentralized exchange glitzkoin implements global exchange that focuses bridging the gap between the traditional diamond industry and the innovative financial markets spearheaded cryptocurrencies. with extensive industry knowledge, aim engineer ground-breaking change enabling people liquidate and invest diamonds like any other financial asset, all within transparent and secure environment. the glitzkoin diamond exchange enables anyone invest individual diamonds, shares high-value stone shares basket diamonds like etf. traders can have full confidence buying and selling, even without prior knowledge diamond trading. thanks the decentralized nature the exchange, our machine learning algorithm, and blockchain technology that rates diamond's asking price, the value any diamond listed the exchange completely transparent; liquid because creates two-sided market enhancing both the supply and demand and standardized because glitzkoin creates unique benchmark value, rate and smart contract for every stone. enables trustless transactions between diamond traders any two parties. anyone can buy and sell diamonds, there are restrictions and glitzkoin will connect end users, retailers, market markers, mining companies and polishers. trade and transaction settlement times will drastically reduced due the effective implementation glitzkoin the stellar blockchain. the decentralized exchange that powered glitzkoin uses proprietary machine-learning algorithms and has been created bring transparency and coherency the global diamond markets. the exchange comprises three main elements: the gem composite, which represents diamond's gemological perfection; the parallel composite indicating the rarity diamond category and the indices composite, giving potential traders market directions for the diamond industry. diamonds are uploaded the exchange post registration with our track trace ledger and classified categories. the exchange has been designed incorporate artificial neural network technology using all available diamond data. the glitzkoin project addresses the pricing issues and the need unlock diamonds investment option using blockchain technology. blockchain technology best known for providing the foundation the peer-to-peer (pp) cryptocurrency and payment system bitcoin. recent years, the blockchain concept, also called the distributed ledger system, has spread popularity. this has resulted various blockchain-based applications the finance sector, prediction markets, platform for the internetof-things applications and on. glitzkoin utilizes the stellar blockchain for its solution. addition the underlying distributed ledger, stellar incorporates smart contracting capabilities secure fashion while providing very high number transactions significantly low transaction costs. the glitzkoin open blockchain since not everyone who reads this white paper would technical expert, present simplified explanation for 'smart contract'. the concept requires the existence agreement between two parties, smart contract would meaningless without the consent both parties the transaction. this agreement will verified complex algorithms. the validation process can happen without the existence third party witness the agreement. not tokenize diamonds, glitzkoin utility token used for decentralized blockchain ecosystem for the diamond industry. its aim make transactions faster and trustless. this fosters confidence both buyers and sellers, creating robust and active platform which thrives healthy interaction between all stake holders. the diamond industry includes number stakeholders, objectives and agendas for each differ widely. when introducing the latest technology like blockchain, necessary some handholding. the glitzkoin diamond blockchain, will bring together diamond sellers both big and small, the same platform. the procedures set list diamond will ensure transparency, security functions have also been incorporated. the demand side, both seasoned buyers and novices, are more willing transact such comprehensive platform. essential understand that, this platform will open markets buyers who are transacting diamonds for the first time but more importantly, are cyber savvy. this brings diamond sellers closer growing market that would otherwise, eclipsed from conventional diamond trading. address two the most significant obstacles that hinder diamonds from becoming asset class, glitzkoin proprietary machine-learning algorithm, delivers transparency and coherence the entire process diamond appraisal. the decentralized exchange takes gemological data, diamond financial indices data and global inventory data into consideration. utilizing the global diamond inventory data, glitzkoin quantifies diamond prices and ranks individual diamonds and their respective prices. briefly, machine learning allows software applications accurately predict outcomes without being explicitly programmed. diamonds listed the glitzkoin blockchain would represent single diamond. important understand that the prices diamonds vary widely. once you consider the smart contract itself tradeable asset, possible that the smart contract for high value diamond, could 'owned' more than one buyer. this concept shared ownership will cease exist when, the transaction calls for the physical delivery the diamond. present the concepts involved easy understand manner, the buying smart contract would update the digital wallet the new owner. buy transaction that requires the precious stone physically delivered, will trigger audit the certificate that accompanied the diamond when was listed. the glitzkoin open blockchain important emphasis that diamond listed, must certified one the testing labs listed glitzkoin. the physical characteristics the diamond mentioned the certificate, will listed the blockchain. since the main objective build tradeable smart contract for each diamond, the price 'value' the diamond will also mentioned. with keen interest shown major diamond sellers the glitzkoin diamond trading platform, anticipate that significant number transactions will initially involve the physical movement the diamond transacted. the diamond industry particular and the casual diamond lover general, feels comfortable trade blockchain might soon see the smart contracts themselves, being traded 'asset'. harnessing the ledger concept blockchain, all transactions related diamonds will stored the ledger. the secrecy that normally shrouds diamond trade will longer exist, all transactions will listed transparent manner. diamond-smart contract will generated for each diamond, these contracts themselves can traded. since the major work ensuring accuracy records will performed glitzkoin, buyer wishing make purchase need not diamond expert. while allowing the diamond smart contracts themselves traded, nothing stops buyer from making diamond purchase and requesting for physical possession the precious stone. trader who purchases diamond-smart contract will able request the delivery physical diamond. such cases, the delivery process will begin when the diamond-smart contract status changes in-delivery process and the diamond sent the owner. once the owner receives the diamond, the diamond-smart contract will marked delisted the smart contract. one the most exciting and innovative trades the glitzkoin platform will offer its users the "shared investment" option. after uploading diamond for trade, diamond holder will have the option selling the stone single diamond-smart contract multiple diamond-smart contracts. choosing the multiple diamond-smart contracts option will create multiple smart contracts that represent partial ownership the backed diamond. this function will, for the first time, allow retail clients invest high-valued diamonds that are usually speculative and volatile segment the diamond market. the glitzkoin open blockchain global diamond track and trace glitzkoin builds global, digital ledger that tracks and protects valuable assets throughout their lifetime journey. collect asset's defining characteristics, history, and ownership create permanent record the blockchain. this digital incarnation, thumbprint, used various stakeholders across supply chain pipeline form provenance and verify authenticity. glitzkoin has built innovative solutions markets where provenance matters and where transparency key ensuring ethical trade. beginning with the diamond industry will soon incorporate other precious stones. the blockchain based tracking for certified diamonds records attributes and origin for each stone. this critical information available anyone who wants verify the authenticity specific diamond, this provides for theft prevention. buyers would show high preference for authenticated diamonds. besides authentication diamonds, the glitzkoin platform will also make possible for stone tracked all through its journey the value chain. digital certification and verification which done using specially designed smart contracts, ensures transparency and authenticity the diamonds that are traded globally. this protects the provenance high value assets like diamonds. this facilitates trustless trade the global marketplace while reducing risk and combating theft, trafficking and fraud. diamond sourcing from the mining operations and right the cutting and polishng phase fraught with problems. unfair labor practices, environmental degradation and the funding violence parts africa, can all traced the diamond industry. glitzkoin has configured its blockchain platform increase transparency into the diamond supply chain. this will long way reducing the problems explained above. glitzkoin aims build trust across the supply chain from the source the consumer deploying blockchain based solutions that enable companies more transparent how they process their products. this includes disclosing everything related the environmental impact the mining operations. dealers are encouraged disclose detailed information regarding the origin the diamonds and labor practices used the cutting and polishing process. tracing the provenance diamonds shows how the application this technology can fundamentally change the way diamonds are exchanged. diamond's provenance often threatened conflict stones and the tampering certificates. glitzkoin track and trace blockchain permanent, digital, global ledger that tracks and protects diamonds and other valuable stones their lifetime journey. potential clients include banks, insurance companies and certification houses. the solution can put good use the diamond verification processes banks, insurers, law enforcement, and even the owners themselves, who can confident about the sourcing their assets. the glitzkoin open blockchain open ecosystem connect jewelry stores, connect rapnet and idex, connect mining polishing companies etc apis. stellar partnership glitzkoin proud contributor the stellar community, committed advancing open source collaboration and working alongside the brightest minds the blockchain space. the glitzkoin open ecosystem the glitzkoin ecosystem collection decoupled services which run tandem provide seamless experience for diamond traders, buyers, sellers and other stakeholders. also allows developers build new and innovative applications. glitzkoin wallet the coin management platform helps users and developers view coin balances, transaction history and even subscription contracts. developers can also see cumulative payments and other user specific information. glitzkoin api the glitzkoin api plays pivotal role glitzkoin. the api can used access the various services offered glitzkoin. developers are responsible implement the glitzkoin api within their site mobile app. glitzkoin merit engine once the ico completed, the eme kicks in. fair pre-decided mechanism which decides when and how reward coins the community. roadmap initial spark followed background research development initial concepts and diamond industry outreach initial white paper and design prototypes glitzkoin project scope, token use case design and token economics core founding team board company stealth mode, company registered estonia project deck and white paper, technical architecture official website launch token presale launch launch public token sale conclusion token sale and distribution tokens glitzkoin diamond exchange development start glitzkoin global marketing effort glt token listing crypto exchanges beta testing diamond exchange platform development global diamond track trace system decentralized exchange deployment global diamond track and trace system deployment bug fixes and enhancements deployed system adding more features/tools glitzkoin diamond exchange continued marketing increase glitzkoin awareness token economics ico token distribution accept bitcoin (btc), ether (eth), litecoin (ltc), ripple (xrp) and stellar (xlm) the mode payment for glitzkoin token purchases. token sale market making community company total: millon tokens token economics tier tokens (millions) price usd $,, $,, $,, $,, total $,, token economics token distribution table number tokens (millions) purpose ico market making excess demand community management token bonuses tier purchase amount (in usd) bonus above management team navneet goenka (ceo) besides being year veteran the diamond industry, navneet has passion for technology and innovation. one knows the operations the billion dollar industry better than him. aware the inefficient processes followed diamond trade for decades and convinced, that revolutionary changes can directly increase the market scope for diamonds. the distributed ledger concept blockchain technology, combined with the implementation crypto currency precisely what the diamond industry needs. ceo, navneet goenka the main driving force behind the glitzkoin project. lila hussain (head business development) lila has years experience providing fiscal, strategic operations leadership. she was general manager the lima airshow, biggest airshow south east asia for over years. she does lot social work and the board various human rights and women entrepreneurship organizations. shashank agarwal (head technology) blockchain expert with over years experience the technology industry. shashank also well versed with web and cloud based applications. his extensive experience covers businesses across uk, uae and india. besides being qualified engineer, shashank also has mba qualification from the imperial college london. nilesh agarwal (head product development) with experience some the most reputed high-tech environments like microsoft, amazon and samsung nilesh ideally suited head the glitzkoin product development team. for technical applications unleash their full potential, necessary implement easily understandable and usable user interfaces. one understands this better than nilesh, has been closely involved the conception, development and implementation numerous applications wide range industries. are glad welcome him into one the most promising and powerful blockchain projects, rooted the multi billion dollar diamond industry. olga rosina (diamond specialist) olga has been diamond industry veteran for over years. she has worked with giant diamond mining companies, alrosa and gokhran. both these operations are owned the russian government. she holds masters' degree management and informatics along with diploma nuclear power plant management. olga was winner several russian beauty queen titles the late management team dato' alia jally (pr and media relations) with two decades experience the high profile marketing and industry, dato' alia jally has handled projects for malaysia's biggest business houses. dato' alia has branded and marketed products every media channel including, and social media. after having started her career with leading global firm edelman, dato' alia drew experience from host malaysian branding and marketing houses. she today the coo the week folk entertainment sdnbhd. dinesshwaran yoogan (marketing manager) leveraging his experience international trade and business communication, dinesshwaran yoogan, heads the glitzkoin marketing arm malaysia. with excellent grasp blockchain applications and the operation crypto currency, dinesshwaran has been instrumental drawing the attention malaysian ceos and government decision makers the glitzkoin project. the academic front, holds qualification banking and finance from the victoria university sunway. advisors mikhail kozlov leveraging his strong business acumen and thorough knowledge finance and economics, mikhail kozlov was one the contenders for the post president during the last elections the russian federation held march also active participant high profile television forums where he, shares his expertise business management and managerial resource development. mikhail kozlov spearheads the business plans glitzkoin russia. datuk mat rabi abu samah retiring the chief staff the malaysian armed forces, vice admiral datuk mat rabi abu samah retd) has over the past decade, played significant role shaping the malaysian corporate landscape. alumni the imd switzerland and has served the boards khazanah nasional, langkawi tuna berhad and wilhelmsen ship services. datuk mat rabi abu samah, currently the director bhic bofors asia sdn. bhd. with the public and private sectors malaysia, showing high degree interest the glitzkoin project, are honored have the vice admiral (retd.) our advisory board. paolo albertelli with more than two decades expertise crafting fine jewelry, paolo albertelli well known personality his profession. has always shown keen interest new technologies related jewelry production and has played, active role promoting the italian jewelry industry. paolo has partnered many developmental projects that, aimed bringing technology lift, fine italian jewelry the next level. some these projects have now developed into patented processes and equipment. his profession and passion share his knowledge and expertise, has taken him over nations. continues attend global jewelry shows across the globe invitee. rohit agarwal graduate from the indian institute technology (iit) the institute, that has delivered some the finest global computer science talent, rohit agarwal software engineer with extensive knowledge technology for business applications. stint with yahoo senior software engineer, exposed rohit some the most advanced techniques systems design and business process development. the glitzkoin project rapidly moves into the next phase, handpicking the best technical talent will regular feature. welcome rohit agarwal the glitzkoin team. www.glitzkoin.com