gsc: global social chain the world's social chain based hundreds millions users gsc international foundation january program overview gsc (global social chain) the world's first new generation social networking chain that owns hundreds millions social users. this social chain determined use block chain technology subvert centralized social networks such facebook, wechat, etc., which plays dual role "manager" and "arbiter" simultaneously for the former social networking platforms. gsc creatively solves the following industry pain points: protect the security users' personal information and prevent the tampering such information; restructure the user's digital asset ownership, preventing the platform from collecting and misusing the users private information; build value-oriented social network: use values encourage the modification how the content produced, extended and distributed. consequently, the content created users can turned into their own value; establish fair social user credit evaluation system, creating friendly and healthy social environment, and improving social efficiency. social networking the most basic and the highest frequency behavior the human society, becoming the most important internet infrastructure and trading platform. the social network natural source applied the centralized block chain technology. gsc's vision utilize the block chain technology restructure the values the next generation social networking platforms and let the security the private data and the digital assets become individual. roadmap distribution scheme team cornerstone and private sale foundation community awards ecological construction internal team distribution cornerstone investors and institutional investors manage foundation support further development used reward active users, content producers and long-lasting investors used access various exchanges and global platforms, branding, user acquiring and development the total distribution token accounts for the the total distribution, would million institutional investments locked up: lock each month unlocked team locked up: every months unlocked conversion proportion eth:gsc cornerstone investors first round private sale second round private sale cornerstone investors and institutions table contents chapter analysis the pain points the market chapter introduction the social chain gsc chapter issuance token chapter founder team chapter laws and risk statements chapter analysis the pain points the market social network the most important basic measure the internet. conveys the user's daily high frequency interactive behavior. the core value the social network includes: help users find and build social connections provide instant messaging service; provide service with which the user can create, share, publish and consume ugc contents; open platform help developers provide suitable environment the users. however, present, all the centralized social networking platforms, such facebook, snapchat, etc., are facing many pain points, such information privacy security, low social efficiency and uneven community content quality. the pain point the centralization social platforms the security users' private information can't guaranteed users have control over their own information the social platforms. the user data the most important information within the social network. the platform blocks some the information setting rules, and selling user's privacy profitable model. the traditional centralized platform requires the customer provide the basic private information for identification (mobile phone number, information, home address, bank card information, etc.). this centralized way colleting private information implies that there extremely high risk leaking the user basic private information. the user data can used the platform any time the current social network centralized structure, where users create the content, and the platform sets the rules, stores and distributes the content. the interaction between users happens through the centralized social networks. users need the social network for interpersonal communication and the continuation through friends' posts, information popular contents, etc. furthermore, social network service provider, can control the users' data, and can analyze the data for advertising purposes and receiving some benefits from it. there lack incentive the values created within the content the user belong, last, the platform the user the core the user community the contribution contents and community construction continues contribute good quality content. however, the transaction price not always transparent. one hand, the social platform manipulates the virtual currency exchange rate, and gets high transaction cost; the other hand, this mechanism easy for the developers, the reputation platform also depends how many frauds and fake accounts has. when pricing not transparent, leads advertisers act major contributors the social networks. they usually pay excessive fees the social networks this way they can get noted spot. credit system vulnerability, false information, and low social efficiency common find false information within social networks, lack credit system, leading low social efficiency. difficult have social interaction between friends and strangers. useless information inescapable and diverse. must improve the efficiency and reduce the costs applying automatic anti-garbage technology system. however, can't solve accurately the problem, and ultimately leads poor product experience. chapter introduction the social chain gsc program background may after studying the block chain technology, found that the pain points social network can solved block chain technology. through the in-depth cooperation with the famous social networking application mico, have the chance validate the solution the blockchain technology the product matrix mico and made very effective progress. mico mobile social platform for the global market, which was launched february with its original "intelligent social recommendation system based interest", mico has created its own territory the giantglobal social market, quickly accumulating hundreds millions users and entered the top five social tables more than countries, becoming the world's premier open social platform. mico committed provide users more open and rich social experience, enjoying also freedom speech. matching users with others through precise algorithm, and encourage users break the border the real world, through the "discovery", "roaming" functions and make friends with people all over the world. according the introduction, the total amount mico, messages were about billion, and the users threw more than billion "drifting bottles", the data very stunning. social matrix built around the social platform mico, including mico, kitty live, waka, and yay. one the most popular live streaming applications southeast asia, with more than million users south east asia middle east's largest social platform among strangers and more than one hundred million users, google's selected global best applications anonymous social products the united states southeast asian version "shakes" products, short video ugc new favorite based mico's social ecology chain, after several months trying solve the problems privacy data security and community incentives. mico's user privacy security and community activity atmosphere have been improved and optimized. important notice the use next generation technology reconstruct the block chain centralize the values social network platform. let the private data and security, and the digital asset values return individual firm belief.gsc team decided try the block chain technology its platform for the next years, creating the world's first social chain, focus solving the problems and challenges that social networks face. the gsc global social chain program born. the objective the plan envisage is: step: based the block chain technology, developed functional services such gift system, rewards system, copyrights system, etc. solve pain point problems mico; step:building social chain based the solutions and experience mico; solving social problems innovative way; and developing list services, opened third parties, such e-commerce, social networking, games, etc.; step: the basis mico, deep integration using gsc social chain can help centralize the service, attracting large number developers and customize various services for mass users and demands mico. create the next generation social networks that subvert facebook and wechat. gsc: global social chain the core the block chain technology distributed common protocol value network. uses account that can shared and used store transaction data, and can used issue digital money and smart contracts. one hand, realizes the consensus and trust the whole network mathematical and algorithm. the other hand, guarantees the value incentive (currency attribute) the environment the token. the characteristics centralization, open autonomy, anonymity and tampering information own natural connection with the social field. gsc social network created decentralized opened network platform, using advanced technology, using set centralized smart contracts. these technologies will solve several problems that social networks face, especially those mentioned chapter the bottom the gsc, the ownership information recorded the social products using block chain centralize the account. smart contract solves the transaction problems social products and ensures the openness and transparency the community's ecological economy. gsc social chain consists base layer, service layer, interface layer and application layer. base layer based the development block chain core foundation, and integrates distributed database. distributed databases mainly integrate decentralized ipfs preserve some basic data social networks. top block chain technology the core the base layer, gsc the service system customized for the new generation content-based social network, which also the main feature the gsc social chain. gsc contains e-wallet store user assets, gift reward system which value flowing, incentive reward system the community, license system ensure user content assets ownership, and safety system ensure the safety the social network basic information privacy. based this, gsc has developed interface protocol, which enables developers implement various applications with abundant scenarios the application layer promote ecological prosperity community. product architecture decentralized operation way, gsc has established operation mode that completely different from that traditional social network: return the user data and control the information the individual, and provide incentives for users with contribution. such pattern guarantees personal data security, and also stimulates people make more contributions through the system mechanism. this time, the network longer central hub, but simple platform, platform where users can interact with each other point-topoint. gsc wechat facebook topology network decentralized centralized centralized information safe, not there there security tampered with. probability probability being tampered being tampered with. with. return user platform platform return user- everyone rewards official only small generated content monetizing account percentage control personal information what you create. internet celebrities can benefit from content. incentive system yes, stimulate yes yes user make more contributions. whether earning no, user the money from user decision maker information social trust high, fair trust acquaintances weak, vulnerable system system. social,high trust harassment main product features gsc coin: tokens circulate the platform and can used buy virtual gifts reward others. digital wallet: personal e-wallet for asset storage, transfer, recharge and withdrawal. gift system: users can purchase virtual gifts with gsc coin, and social interaction accompanied the flow value. fans can buy presents for content creators here. when fan clicks content creator's gift link, the gift shop automatically pops out and displays all the content creators' gifts. safety system: user's core and privacy data encrypted and stored the decentralized network node, and user's private information and control the information are returned the individual ensure the data security. license system: the license system based the decentralized distribution system ipfs. users can publish high-quality pictures, video and other contents the moments, which can set the assets that need authorized browse. features: charging authorization for the high quality content created the social platform; when the content consumed, the proceeds are automatically returned the e-wallet; the system will make statistics the use resources. when system finds out resource abused, the user will automatically warned blocked the smart contract. reward system: order encourage users create various social interaction and high quality content, designed reward system. the reward pool token pool dedicated rewarding ecoconstruction contributors. the system calculates the svn (social value unit) each participating user's social quality value according the algorithm every day, and rewards some contributors according the list. the reward pool replenished every day according the reward elasticity coefficient. social value unit (svn): this unit social quality for each user and used important indicator evaluate the quality users' value the reward system. algorithm: svn poa poc pow. poa(proof activity) poc (proof charm) pow(proof wealth) application scenarios reward with virtual gift studio the studio kitty live, fans use gsc coin buy virtual gifts from gift system reward the host, and the benefit the host will automatically saved the e-wallet after receiving the gift. e-wallet kitty live, host's gift income from fans can stored e-wallet. based the technology block chain, the income can transferred and extracted directly any time. paid moments based the license system gsc social chain service layer, mico users can set their own photos video moments license moment. based the automatic mechanism smart contract, users will automatically transfer the benefit the content creators' e-wallet after browsing. the whole process highly efficient and safe. has greatly inspired users create more high-quality content for the community. reward system ranking based gsc social chain service layer, mico designed svn-based (social quality) ranking list. according the actual situation, reward system dynamically draws fixed amount gsc coins from the prize pool reward high-quality users daily basis, greatly improving user activity and content quality mico. interactive games based the smart contract technology gsc social chain, kitty live integrated and developed interactive games the live studio, which players use gsc coin purchase the props. therefore several pain points are solved the game industry: the licensing mechanism not fair and transparent; anonymous protection the players; anti-cheating; decentralize the digital wallet ensure the player's financial security. rewards for the short video based the value network gsc social chain, the influencers waka short videos have successfully completed the whole process production content, consumer content, reward and benefit efficient and safe way. the non-intermediary the value network makes the influencers earn money without any middleman. anonymous social commentary based the development gsc social chain, yay used the anonymous vote system evaluate their friends. the whole process safe, fully protected anonymous, and guarantees the information nondisclosure chapter issuance tokens gsc will begin accept investment from cornerstone investors and institutional investment january official token gsc the official token the social chain gsc, which based the crypto currency ethereum. distribution tokens gsc releases billion tokens total, and the distribution ration follows: team cornerstone and private sale foundation community awards ecological construction internal team distribution cornerstone investors and institutional investors manage foundation support further development used reward active users, content producers and long-lasting investors used access various exchanges and global platforms, branding, user acquiring and development the total distribution token accounts for the the total distribution, would million institutional investments locked up: lock each month unlocked team locked up: every months unlocked conversion proportion eth:gsc cornerstone investors first round private sale second round private sale chapter founder team sean su,gsc chairman. mr. was once the country manager zte several regions, and led the team get the world most market share. mr. well known forerunner chinese social apps overseas. expert with global views, mr. staunch supporter blockchain. evan ye, gsc chief scientist. mr. geek, expert blockchain and big data. evan once won the top prize google innovation contest, and developed popular applications which accumulated more than billion users globally. evan leads team and won the "best developer google." henrik zheng, cto. zheng one the leading r&d mac/ios. zheng used team leader tencent and take charge the r&d series products. dr. guang zeng received his phd degree with focus telecommunication from polytechnic eng school new york university new york and master degree from columbia university new york. guang has published papers and holds patents and china). guang used worked verizon the lead iot architect where designed one the largest iot network. guang's research activities focus blockchain and ai/deep learning. chapter law and risk statements this statement does not involve any risk related securities tendering and undertaking gsc.social management and gsc.social. does not involve any controlled products the judicial control. this document conceptual document stated the project. this white paper not for sale solicitation shares, securities other controlled products gsc.social and their related companies. cannot used prospectus any other form standardized contract, and does not constitute any securities any other jurisdictions controlled product advice solicitation investment advice. cannot used make any sales, subscribe, invite others purchase and subscribe any securities, and based this form contact, contract commitment. this white paper has not been reviewed judicial regulators any country. not advice investing: any information analysis presented this document does not constitute any investment decisions for participation token investment and specific recommendations will given. you must listen all necessary professional advice, such tax and accounting. cannot constitute any statement and guarantee: this document used describe the gsc.social platform have proposed, but the gsc. social foundation has made clear that: representations and warranties shall given the accuracy completeness any content described this document, any other relevant content the project. without preconditions, representations and warranties shall given any achievement justification any forward-looking, conceptual statement; nothing this document shall serve basis for any promise statement the future; not undertake any losses caused the relevant personnel other aspects the white paper; within the scope legal liability that cannot waived, the maximum permitted applicable law shall limited. not everyone can participate the project: gsc. social network system and platform not open everyone, participants may need complete series steps, including provide information and documents. unauthorized companies have nothing with the project: except for the gsc.social foundation, the use any other companies' agency's name trademark does not make any party associated with recognition, only for that relevant content. notes related gsc. social token: "gsc" the virtual cryptographic coin blockchain network. gsc not investment product: there guarantee, and there reason believe that the gsc you hold will rise value, and there may even risk devaluation. gsc not ownership certificate control: holding gsc.social neither right have the ownership the gsc.social network system, nor right grant direct control make any decision regarding the gsc.social network system. contact website:gsc.social email:contact@gsc.social