the global awards token whitepaper vision envision unified world rewards, where consumers longer have join multiple loyalty, rewards and point programs and carry many cards and apps. future where customer-centric companies will rewarded with higher consumer engagement, greater brand awareness, and ultimately better business results. where dead rewards that benefit one, are thing the past and every promotion, coupon and incentive finds home with the consumer that values it. the alpha version the gat app was officially deployed september :pm. the closed beta version the app will released the apple app and google play stores important: this document for informational purposes only and does not constitute offer solicitation sell global awards tokens, shares securities the gat company, any related associated company. abstract consumer rewards, discount codes and store coupons are, for the most part, illiquid. for variety reasons, consumers possess disproportionate amount coupons for stores they don't visit, products they don't want rewards they not redeem. the global awards token ("gat") seeks change this. gat international limited (the "gat company"), the creator the gat, has developed platform that allows merchants distribute infinite variety retail promotions consumers via powerful and intuitive mobile application available the google play and apple app stores. any recipient these retail promotions may then conveniently trade their rewards for gat. the introduction highly liquid coupon and rewards marketplace, fueled the borderless and frictionless exchange gat cryptocurrency, creates situation where retail promotions are longer viewed spam. rather, each reward becomes potential source cryptocurrency revenue. consumers will longer view coupons and rewards waste, but rather potential source monetization. from the merchant's perspective, retail promotions the gat platform are prized form communication they engage users new way, circulate widely, and ultimately find their way end-customers who redeem them. the alpha version the gat system was successfully deployed september the closed beta version the app will publicly available the apple app and google play stores the gat token distribution was held from december january during which fixed supply billion gat was created. gat now freely traded crypto-currency exchanges around the world. the gat company held the gat foundation, independent, non-profit organization established for the stewardship the gat project. the gat foundation has share capital, profits given individuals, and private inurement. table contents table contents introduction the current reward ecosystem the problem the solution the gat system introduction example use cases system objectives value proposition why blockchain? gat and merchant rewards merchant rewards gat consumer targeting patent-pending a-drop technology gat holder incentives patent technology market strategy revenue model roadmap the team token distribution distribution period use proceeds risks miscellaneous contact details introduction the current reward ecosystem the global incentives and rewards industry estimated worth around us$ billion and growing per annum. however, there shocking level under-utilization. although the average consumer member least incentive programs, the consumers simply not use their shopping incentives according the bond loyalty report, which queried americans and canadians about their loyalty programs across all industries, the percentage active members was only percent and these full one-fifth had never redeemed their rewards. the same report also showed that loyalty rewards members who not make redemptions were times more likely defect from program and join another. the reason ignore many incentive programs, because all programs generally look the same. each provides, varying degrees, some form bonus, some form discount, some sort privileged access. with average programs track, not surprising that have difficulty utilizing our rewards. the problem while some economists may argue that low rewards utilization good for the merchant, think this instead highlights gross inefficiencies the industry. there use, our view, issuing thousands rewards consumers who routinely ignore them. this creates bad user experience and waste resources the merchant's end. even though discount coupons and loyalty rewards are powerful tools trigger purchases, there surprising lack consumer utilization. believe this consequence the traditionally illiquid and inflexible nature retail rewards and shopping incentives, meaning users aren't easily able transfer, exchange sell them other users. customers interested brand product don't have easy access any potential coupons for the product service they would actually like buy. oftentimes these coupons are given the form actual paper coupons store cards save loyalty points. both are highly impractical for usage daily basis they all have constantly carried around physical wallets. merchants have hard time retaining customers. prior the digital information age, comparing different offers was lot harder than nowadays with online price comparisons and reviews. today, consumers are much more likely switch whichever the cheapest, has the highest reviews. brick-and-mortar merchants (offline stores) face even tougher challenge without the rich data set their online competitors target consumer groups demographics, spending preferences geolocation. brick-and-mortar merchants often send out large quantities these coupons users, creating vast amounts spam without even offering real value the consumer. summarize, specifically these categories merchant rewards have the following problems: loyalty points: not interchangeable between stores brands. note: survey results are global and based more than consumers. source: code broker, the nielsen company discount coupons: hard acquire coupons for stores/brands people specific desire; carrying and managing numerous paper coupons inconvenient. free samples: not specifically for the stores, brands products consumers desire. the solution cryptocurrency markets today provide merchants once-in-a-lifetime opportunity transform their promotional rewards into digital assets. digital assets have market price and hence immediate discernible value. the only thing missing platform which allows for the secure exchange rewards and which enables low cost cross-border payments and microtransactions. this will add liquidity currently unused (and often discarded) coupons and loyalty rewards. being able exchange these rewards creates situation where they have tangible value everyone and are therefore not considered spam. doing this the blockchain means anyone can see and verify transactions and check supply. blockchains offer the possibility for unique (and uniquely verifiable) items. they are digital rewards for multitude stores, brands and merchants, they can stored smartphone, without the need carry around coupons loyalty cards. having them your smartphone means your geolocation can used offer you specific airdrops. moreover, exchanging and spending rewards and performing transactions from your smartphone wallet creates variety valuable data. this data can give merchants the opportunity target specific groups users with certain interests, demographics location, further eliminating spam and offering value consumers. gat the first system designed specifically enable merchants conveniently issue blockchainenabled rewards mass consumer audience. discount coupons, promotions and loyalty rewards will air-dropped geolocation digital assets customers the gat blockchain. the key feature the gat system that infinite variety merchant-created promotions can freely traded for gat, public digital token. customers can now take gat any exchange the world and trade them for real cash. the ability convert rewards into real money frees the customer from any single merchant rewards ecosystem. also allows consumers achieve utilization their disparate rewards incentives. the global awards token introduction the proposed global awards token provides the solution the above-mentioned problems. this chapter will describe the way which the gat system the solution and even adds extra functionality and benefits its stakeholders. the gat system broader enterprise system through which global merchants may issue their own digital rewards that can used discounts, gift cards and other promotional offerings. these rewards are called "rewards" "merchant rewards". gat acts the backbone the system and erc digital token that has been launched the ethereum main network. consumers can use their gat acquire merchant rewards convert their merchant rewards gat the gat marketplace. gat will the exclusive in-app barter token for the trade merchant rewards and incentivization its users. merchant rewards are used redeem real products and services from participating merchants. this will enable merchants issue these rewards mass consumer audience with minimal set-up, allowing them quickly adopt digital asset usage part their overall marketing strategy. the gat system provides stable and scalable solution for the controlled distribution merchant rewards and consists of: rewards manager: mobile wallet store and manage merchant rewards gift box: gift box where merchant rewards are a-dropped users geo-location rewards marketplace: comprehensive rewards marketplace where users can trade merchant rewards for gat gat wallet: mobile digital token wallet for storing, buying, sending and receiving gat a-droptm delivery system: patent-pending blockchain token delivery system that allows merchants airdrop blockchain-enabled rewards specific groups consumers demographic, spending preferences, and geo-location example use cases thomas nitro shoes thomas walking through the city. his favorite shoe store, nitro shoes, one block away. not planning there, just walking around and accidentally walks into the gat system's a-drop geo-fence for nitro shoes. once the geo-fence, the gat app notifies thomas that has "just received discount from nitro shoes". thomas, walks into the store and redeems his reward and saves his purchase. jill vacation jill lives singapore. she has collected multiple rewards singapore throughout the year. she now going for vacation san francisco. she sells her rewards the gat marketplace and accumulates lot gat. she then travels the usa where she uses her accumulated gat buy deals san francisco. she picks amazing offers while vacation which would otherwise unavailable she did not use her gat. system objectives the primary objectives the gat system are: arbitrage rent differentials. merchants who are not located prime retail locations, such those located the basement high floors shopping mall, pay significantly lower rent, but conversely suffer from lower foot-traffic. the gat system seeks take advantage this rent differential persuading merchants with lower foot traffic spend more money enhancing their digital presence (and specifically, their mobile digital presence) means boosting foot-traffic their store. the gat system dedicated solution focused boosting foot-traffic non-prime retail locations reaching consumers through the medium their mobile phones. the cost-benefit analysis the merchant saving money less-prominent retail location, but applying those rental savings boosting their mobile digital presence abundantly favorable adopting marketing strategies such the gat system. sofa-to-store marketing: the gat system puts power back the hands brick-and-mortar retail stores. gat's a-droptm technology allows merchants send digital rewards mobile phones geolocation, demographics, and spending preferences. this intended drive realtime foot traffic into stores, which point, in-store shopper marketing strategies can used bring consumers the "zero-moment-of-truth" (zmot) their purchase decisions. mass adoption digital token usage: the gat marketplace will comprehensive rewards exchange that purpose-built for mass consumer audience. each merchant reward must exchanged for gat. thus the gat system seeks drive mass consumer awareness and engagement with not just merchant rewards but also blockchain-enabled digital tokens through the exchange gat. reputational and legal security: merchant rewards are issued closed system, and thereby avoid regulatory concerns associated with public offerings, well reputational risks associated with launching cryptographic assets public main networks. the gat system designed specifically for merchants order accelerate mass enterprise adoption digital blockchain assets. drive consumer engagement: the average consumer member incentive programs. however, consumers not use their shopping incentives. this significant waste corporate resources efforts activate consumer engagement. transforming shopping incentives into liquid and tradable blockchain assets, merchants can reduce waste and provide consumers greater flexibility with their spending options. for merchants, issuing tokenized shopping incentives significantly enhances engagement, consumer satisfaction, and ultimately drives better business. consumer data: the gat company will obtain invaluable data rewards circulation, conversions, spending preferences, and demographics. the gat company able utilize this data that consumers can receive offers that align with their preferences and interests. winning the zero moment truth, jim lecinski, eliminating spam: converting shopping incentives into blockchain rewards tradable for gat, merchant rewards will have monetizable value. whether not consumer "redeems" merchant rewards activate incentives, merchant rewards will always worth something the hands the consumer. this eliminates the "spam" effect traditional consumer mass marketing, each merchant reward can ultimately traded for gat. gat turn can traded anywhere the world for other digital tokens. value proposition the gat system offers the following benefits each its following participants: merchants: micro-target consumers and offering retail incentives those who are truly interested their brands attract customers their stores geolocated a-dropstm users: offering the ability exchange rewards between brands and stores adding liquidity and true value otherwise discarded retail incentives receiving more relevant promotions being able monetize their rewards which they are not planning using brand managers: rewards traded new user means new customer acquisition for the merchant show customers the value rewards the form blockchain asset with inherent tradable value why blockchain? the basic idea behind the gat system provide users the opportunity trade merchant rewards with one another and exchange them for goods and services from the respective merchants. the systems needs able this frictionless, yet verifiably secure way. the merchant rewards will have real value important that they will not able copied double spent. another requirement that merchant rewards should represent verifiably unique and rare rewards. blockchain technology, and its successors, provide the solution create system which fulfills these requirements. users will need exchange merchant rewards with common medium exchange. this medium exchange gat. addition trading merchant rewards and out gat, holding gat gives users extra functionality like being able receive special merchant rewards gat company promotions using a-droptm technology. gat and merchant rewards merchant rewards may publicly traded for gat the gat marketplace. the gat marketplace the only forum for the trade merchant rewards. the difference between gat and merchant rewards will explained here. merchant rewards customers can redeem merchant rewards obtain retail incentives physical and online merchant stores. merchant rewards can acquired buying them from the marketplace having them airdropped users' phones. merchant rewards may issued represent discount coupons, gift vouchers, any other type retail incentive: discounts: used fixed off specified good service gifts: used redeem free products services incentives buy-one-get-one free: used offer free goods with purchase any item events: used invitations attend events shows merchant rewards are: used redeem retail incentives selected products and services unlimited supply and variety, according the merchants' choice issued participating merchants circulating servers consortia blockchain networks not available the main ethereum public network storable only the rewards manager exchangeable for gat the marketplace will have certain duration validity reduce bloat and spam the gat system provides controlled environment and designed eliminate perceived risks associated with deployment digital assets mass consumer audience. global awards tokens (gat) gat are erc ethereum tokens and are: available during token distribution period limited supply gat will circulate the main ethereum public network freely transferable and tradable major exchanges storable all major client-wallets the barter-token the gat system with which merchant rewards can bought may exchanged for merchant rewards the marketplace used merchants pay for services the gat system ("merchant fees") unlimited lifespan required use any advanced features the platform provides users the ability obtain better deals they hold more gat will sold the platform for fiat currencies the gat token utility gat the core the merchant's reward ecosystem. necessary obtain gat order obtain access the services the gat ecosystem. for merchants, serves one form payment mechanism. for users, serves way purchase and exchange merchant rewards. they serve different roles for both these parties and hence offer different utility them. merchant services token utility besides the free functionality the platform offers, there will additional/extended services. depending merchant adoption, proposed that these services can paid for gat. merchants will given the option either pay directly with gat, purchase gat from the platform with fiat. every purchase will converted into gat. gat will sold the platform slight premium over the market price less than the final token distribution price, provide this convenience customers. additionally, the gat company reserves the right purchase additional tokens from the exchanges order refill add its reserves, from which sells these tokens the platform. some services which merchants can pay for have duration, take certain amount time deliver. some examples are in-app advertisements (i.e. two week advertisement), a-dropstm (one week airdrop people certain radius) and merchant rewards shelf life (i.e. two months shelf life). these services are paid for gat, the vision for these coins (the "merchant fee") sent smart contract. the smart contract will then pay the gat company periodically (hourly/daily) and the unspent gat will effectively remain locked-up escrow until the service has been provided. this means that with increasing numbers merchants and campaigns increasing amount gat will locked-up any given time. the event that merchant decides cancel the a-dropstm before the contract expires, the remaining gat are sent back refunds. some the other proposed services for merchants, paid gat, are: geo-targeted a-droptm and in-app advertisements: merchants can airdrop merchant rewards target users based specific locations and demographics. costs these services increase each the following are increased. merchants will able choose: the time frame the airdrop will last the number users reach the radius the airdrop merchant rewards creation and shelf life: over time, the platform grows usage, expect millions rewards created our network. many these rewards have temporary nature (e.g. discounts), majority these will longer relevant use. order avoid spam, each reward will destroyed after its initial expiration date set during creation. inexpensive for merchants create merchant rewards, however order extend the lifetime merchant reward, merchants will need pay fees gat upfront, before the expiration date order extend the reward's shelf life. merchant acquisition: new merchants will credited with small amount gat incentivize usage and facilitate onboarding. this will enough pay for some basic services. this gives the merchants the ability test some the additional services and options the gat network for free. these gat will allocated from the "user and merchant acquisition pool". when the merchants are satisfied, they can purchase these services from the app acquiring more gat. user interaction token utility the basic application will free use for all users. however, users will able use some the more advanced features the app acquiring additional gat. some these features include: enhancing rewards collection power: for basic users the app, user must physically enter a-drop zone order collect particular reward. this can inconvenient for users who are keen collect the rewards that are not within proximity. holding more gat, user may able enhance their rewards collection power. proposals for adoption the gat system range from enhancing the user's geo-footprint (e.g. from radius) that the user may enter more drop zones, the providing the user with the ability simply explore rewards the map and "tap" collect. either way, system will implemented require gat access these enhanced features. trading fees for the marketplace: users may want trade their merchant rewards for merchant rewards from another brand, store product. the marketplace gives users the ability so. however, they will need hold gat order pay for the transaction fees. users can also sell their merchant rewards for gat, when other users want buy their merchant rewards. user acquisition: the bootstrap phase, new users will credited with free gat from the "user and merchant acquisition pool". these free gat will not transferable outside the app and serve way introduce new users the gat platform and economy. special a-dropstm: merchants and the gat company will conducting special airdrops their users ("masterdrops" and "powerdeals", see next chapter) based the amount gat they hold within the app, combination with some other metrics like platform usage, merchant rewards held and location. some these special a-dropstm may include holiday giveaways electronic gadgets, special discount rewards etc. general the more gat users hold their wallet, while walking past store for instance, the higher the chances are winning these giveaways and the better the deal they will get airdropped. consumer targeting one marketing's most fundamental questions who target. the gat company answers this question with built-in capabilities that will enable merchants reach beyond their existing customer base and make offers users, based certain demographics like gender age, interests like football fashion, user behavior like previously redeemed coupons and most important all, location. this means merchants will able send out offers people the immediate surrounding their shops and easily convert them customers since all offers are based personal profile information and interests. merchants can easily set targeted a-droptm patent-pending a-droptm technology the targeted a-droptm allows brands and merchants drop special offers and discounts into the wallets the gat platform users based precise geolocation, demographics, and spending preferences. consumers who are close one their favorite stores will able get notification their mobile phones: "you just got airdropped special offer for the new season product!" gat's revolutionary a-droptm action merchants will able define certain parameters the airdrops they want perform. they will able set the: radius the airdrop number users reach how long the airdrop should last the basic airdrop will free merchants for trial period, providing them with chance try the service. they want extend these options they will paying more gat. the holy grail marketing a-droptm can used distribute rewards the perimeters store certain area directly mobile phones. merchants will able add demographics and spending preferences, something that this point the holy grail marketing. this technology enables merchants run creative marketing campaigns drive consumer engagement. for example, merchants may organize entertaining "treasure hunts" encourage consumers seek rewards that are distributed certain areas order increase awareness and attract people walking by. all these original ways interacting with customers intend drive real-time foot traffic into stores worldwide. gat holder incentives special a-dropstm these special a-dropstm are rare and special gifts and promotions given the gat company. they will done periodically select number gat holders. they are not given the largest gat holders, but will airdropped chance. increase the user's chances receive that special masterdrop they can hold more gat their wallets, active the gat platform (e.g. trade, use merchant rewards) and hold gat for longer period time. however there are other variables besides the amount gat user holds. for example would not make sense airdrop something that offered only tokyo big holder gat london. their geolocation, their interests, preferences and optionally having held combination merchant rewards also play role make sure that any received special a-dropstm are relevant and exciting. special a-dropstm merchants the more gat you hold the better deals you potentially get. but what does that mean? merchants will have the option airdrop regular a-dropstm special a-dropstm merchant store could for instance have regular discount airdrop front their store, however there are three rare powerdeal drops which are given out chance during the duration the airdrop (e.g. three weeks). the users which have been front that store during the duration that airdrop with the higher gat balances have higher chance receiving this powerdeal. another variant that merchants will able choose from one where i.e. the three users with the highest gat balances that have been near the store during the duration the airdrop get the powerdeal. the idea behind this that users with high gat balance their wallets are more likely have more spending power and therefore are attractive customers for stores. they choose the latter, users who hold more gat will get better deal. for example you live singapore and you have very little gat you might get discount that amazing new watch that hip singaporean luxury store. you hold more gat, you might get nice discount. and you hold lot gat and live singapore you would get amazing watch for amazing price. masterdrops and powerdeals masterdrops and powerdeals are examples special a-dropstm. masterdrop deal that only very few gat holders get. powerdeal deal that everybody gets, who fits the targeting criteria. however, the powerdeal discount reward will better for users with higher gat holdings. gat holder incentives are based the patent-pending a-droptm technology gat's patent with the assistance gat's global attorneys baker mckenzie, gat successfully filed provisional application with the patent and trademark office (uspto) september protecting its proprietary a-droptm technology. gat also filed pct international patent application september with the patent office the people's republic china (sipo). this extremely important gat will the only company that allowed utilize its proprietary technology airdrop blockchain digital tokens geolocation. the full scope this technology will developed the gat team continually enhance the utility this technology the gat system drive deeper consumer engagement with merchant rewards. the inventor the a-droptm technology simon cheong, gat's founder and ceo. technology blockchain scaling considerations and plans the gat system being built with the vision onboarding hundreds thousands merchants and millions users. this means that the network grows, there will potentially millions microtransactions our network. currently, none the current de-centralized public blockchain solutions have the throughput allow the platform scale that extent. order get around this issue, and part our roadmap produce fully functional platform, merchant rewards will start centralized database and will transition private blockchains, such corda/jupiter the future. however, the end goal transition public blockchain/distributed ledger once there solution that supports the scaling requirements. the presented list below contains some the promising platforms are keeping close eye with the intent transition our merchant rewards (and perhaps even gat that required), once the requirements are met either these platforms. radix dlt: built with sharding into the foundations the protocol, radix horizontal distributed ledger and smart contract platform. the platform has been development for years and due for public release they claim linearly scalable and achieve speeds greater than tps (tx per second) once the network big enough. this enables platforms that run radix have massive amounts microtransactions and smart contract operations. radix also has very interesting elastic supply model based quantitative theory money, which dampens price movements and creates more stable tokens. eos: highly robust and scalable enterprise grade blockchain platform which expected ready for public release the core it, parallel execution and asynchronous communication are given utmost importance which are very important for supporting microtransactions. waves: the main premise waves allow for easy token creation. with the recent wavesng upgrade, the network promises tps speed which only supposed increase its full potential unleashed. waves solves the problem creating millions merchant rewards and are keeping keen eye see how will scale the future. the platform choose will ultimately need solve core scaling problems such microtransactions, token creation and shelf life management avoid spam, guarantee security, offer friendly developer tools and most importantly, able scale under heavy loads. creating the decentralised marketplace our end goal provide the user with highly secure and scalable platform trade their merchant rewards. the ideal solution here would build decentralized marketplace that can match the scaling demand. from user standpoint decentralized marketplace provides numerous benefits, but the most important one these that users will hold their coins/rewards their own wallets and not have trust third party. however, decentralized exchanges are still undergoing rapid advancements and building one requires careful planning and time. part our roadmap the marketplace will not start out decentralized solution, but will centralized, similar all the leading exchanges today such coinbase, bitfinex bittrex. from development standpoint makes sense first build the product and add complexity later. building centralized solution first, that the users and merchants can use the products much sooner means the gat company can first market and create the biggest network effect. this moment decentralized exchanges are functional, but not the levels reliability and scalability expected global brands for mass volume retail microtransactions. soon the technology matures and has proven able handle thousands transactions per second, the vision build decentralized marketplace and move this new system. technologies like the bitshares dex, waves dex, komodo, next asset exchange and the upcoming radix dex prove that the demand build this type decentralized system there and technically feasible. currently, there are numerous ways build dex, using colored coins like waves with atomic swaps, where komodo seems the forefront. technology progresses and the pros and cons each these technologies become more apparent, updated and more in-depth roadmap will published. market strategy revenue model the gat company will earn five major streams income: merchant fees, i.e. fees for issuing various types merchant rewards brokerage transaction fees the marketplace in-app online advertising fees fiat transaction processing fee: in-app online fiat transaction processing fees the marketplace fees for the provision analytics refine target audiences details about each the five major stream income: merchant fees gat will charge fees for paid a-drop distributions merchant rewards customers our platform. for example, fees calculated sliding scale based the frequency distributions and size the target audience. brokerage transaction fees brokerage fees the acquisition rewards the marketplace. in-app online advertising fees fees charged for advertisements, promotions the app well promotional in-mail. fiat transaction processing fees processing fees calculated each fiat purchase products and services from merchant stores. also, gat will sold the platform for slight premium market prices. the gat inventory gets replenished and potentially added creates profit. gat analytics fees fees charged merchants for refining their target audience the gat platform using the gat company's data analytics. gat roadmap the latest version this whitepaper, the gat system functional and has been subjected live testing. the commercial app will available for download the apple app and google play stores the gat company has embarked upon ambitious and realistic roadmap designed provide value for the gat community, the gat company, gat users and gat merchants alike. have planned important milestones and are looking forward giving you regular updates our progress. app feature release schedule: a-drops, giftbox, rewards manager alpha (completed) closed beta (app and play stores) open beta gat wallet, inbox alpha closed beta open beta marketplace alpha/closed beta open beta full launch additional features merchant dashboard release schedule: campaign builders a-drops (merchant) alpha closed beta open beta analytics alpha open beta merchant dashboard release schedule: campaign builders a-drops (merchant) alpha closed beta open beta analytics alpha open beta the team the concept for the gat system was formulated the beginning simon cheong, founder and ceo the gat project. noticed the huge inefficiencies the rewards and retail marketing industry and saw that this sector was ready for disruption. combined with all the benefits from using blockchain technology combination with private chains for the merchant rewards saw opportunity for both disrupting the traditional rewards sector and consequence getting mass adoption digital tokens. the gat project team organic team highly-qualified and dedicated engineers and marketing professionals building the market rewards. the team can easily reached via the company's social channels and communicates transparently about all aspects the projects. simon cheong, founder ceo the gat system simon's brainchild blockchain entrepreneur and former world bank lawyer ethereum evangelist and former senior counsel the world bank's international finance corporation inventor the gat company's patent-pending a-droptm technology chris tong, coo chief operating officer years' experience with retail brands asia and australia activating digital marketing strategies founder sustainable fashion online community james kong, cto tech entrepreneur and highly skilled programmer with years' experience co-founded onecash mobile payments platform (singapore) founding engineer, happy co. mobile inspection software platform (san francisco) senior engineer, oneflare online gig marketplace (now owned fairfax) lead engineer, sentia mobile and web development (kazaa and airtasker) stephen davis, head design designer with experience product development and application design over years industry successfully commercialized multi-platform application leading product direction, implementing and executing the team's vision with honors product design from the university new south wales and masters interaction design from the university sydney matt walker, devops developer experience infrastructure support and maintenance aws certified devops sysops solutions architect designing and building the solutions infrastructure programming the solution accordance with team's vision bsc honours degree computing science from staffordshire university weiming zhuang, dev engineer software engineer with experience building large scale enterprise software experienced wide range programming language, specialized golang and python successfully built distributed scheduling and load testing tool golang bachelor computing with honors from national university singapore iskandar jamaluddin, dev engineer front end developer for the gat team javascript, nodejs, ruby, rubyonrails, reactjs previously with whei pte. ltd. general assembly, accenture b.sc computer science, deakin university karandeep singh, dev engineer retail web development and performance optimization html, css, javascript, php, mysql, google apps script, apis major retail web projects since b.sc computer science, post grad diploma computer applications jordan yap, data scientist jordan specializes deriving insights from wide variety data sources and platforms help businesses implement effective strategies. has worked with clients including netflix, westpac, optus, telstra, samsung and many more. jordon graduated from unsw with bachelor chemical engineering (hon) and started working one the top labs australia before pivoting data science. sarah berberich, web developer web designer specializes mass consumer e-commerce and multi-site platforms passionate about the plight refugees asia. founder harbour ngo organization the gat company held the gat foundation. the gat foundation independent, non-profit organization. the gat foundation has share capital, profits given individuals, and private inurement. the foundation and its assets are managed board independent governors. the role the board governors ensure that the objectives described this whitepaper are duly implemented. non-profit organization, the gat foundation operates independently accordance with its charter documents. the foundation's charter sets out policies and regulations for, among other things, the stewardship crypto-currency assets created and collected during the gat token distribution process between december january (see token distribution the next section below). token distribution the software for the global awards token was deployed the ethereum main network december +utc block height deployment, fixed, non-inflationary supply billion gat was created. all transfers gat are processed autonomously through the decentralized contract code deployed the ethereum main network. the software code the gat contract freely available, and may viewed https://etherscan.io/address/xfccebdcaeaacb along with full history transactions the gat ledger. the total supply gat, reserved for the benefit the gat company's development team incentive for further work (-year vesting period), allocated advisors partners (-month vesting period), allocated marketing activities well customer merchant acquisition, allocated sold through the app, and distributed the public. distribution period the gat token distribution occurred between dec and january group pre-sale early adopters. qualified applicants exchanged minimum eth for variable amount gat exchanged pre-specified gat:eth exchange rate applicable during the distribution period. public sale the goal the distribution was exchange maximum us$.m eth. the pre-sale succeeded attaining this goal, and plans for subsequent rounds public sales were cancelled. the pre-sale token distribution process stopped when the value eth exchanged early adopters reached the hard cap reference the -day trailing average for eth the time. use proceeds the crypto currency assets created and collected during the gat distribution process under the stewardship the gat foundation. the purpose the gat foundation oversee the gat company's implementation the project described this whitepaper, and otherwise promote the development software applications and businesses support the adoption gat digital currency the retail and loyalty industries. depending development progress and available eth the time, marketing, sales and technical engineering offices are planned established major gateway cities asia, europe and north america. the expansion strategy and timetable subject change depending business circumstances the time. addition financing the development gat software, the gat foundation also authorized provide research and development grants third party developers building blockchain and other applications that enhance the utility and adoption gat. risks the risks associated with purchasing gat are numerous and significant. this section, highlight some the major known risks associated with gat. the list below not intended comprehensive. immaturity the ethereum technology the ethereum blockchain early stage development and not fully known whether the ethereum blockchain will able sustain long-term operation large-scale d-apps such gat system. recently june the ethereum blockchain experienced significant delays processing block transactions due extremely high volumes associated with similar token distributions around that time. not certain whether the ethereum development community will resolve these technical issues the future. unknown impact proposed changes ethereum the ethereum foundation has laid out roadmap for the improvement and development ethereum. while some the future proposals offer promises known technical issues, uncertain when these new improvements will introduced, and whether they will successful. particular, proposals "shard" the blockchain order greatly increase blockchain speeds is, the time publication, far from implementation. proposal change the mining process from the current proof-of-work algorithm proof-of-stake algorithm will have yet seen impact for the ethereum network. prohibitively high gas prices for transactions all transactions over the ethereum blockchain, including the transfer gat have real-world cost eth ("gas"). while this point time, gas prices for basic transactions over the ethereum network are nominal, there certainty that gas prices will not increase, and thereby make the trading gat over the ethereum network commercially unfeasible. addition, high volumes could lead very high gas prices for processing transactions, which made using the blockchain prohibitively expensive. ethereum may superseded while today, our view, the ethereum blockchain technology presents the most promising advances blockchain technology, there guarantee that ethereum will not supplanted competing protocols that improve upon the ethereum technology. the ethereum technology open-source, meaning that anyone can copy and disseminate the same code with modifications. not known whether the ethereum platform will become the predominant protocol adopted global industry. ethereum surpassed superseded, then this could impact the gat program usage and adoption declines. blockchain risk the ethereum blockchain, timing block production determined proof work block production can occur random times. for example, eth contributed the gat token distribution smart contract (the "smart sales contract") the final seconds distribution period may not get included for that period. you acknowledge and understand that the ethereum blockchain may not include your transaction the time you expect and you may not receive gat the same day you send eth. the ethereum blockchain prone periodic congestion during which transactions can delayed lost. you acknowledge and understand that ethereum block producers may not include your transaction when you want your transaction may not included all. individuals may also intentionally spam the ethereum network attempt gain advantage purchasing cryptographic tokens. risk theft misuse private keys the control the gat source code resides with the gat foundation which holds the requisite private keys cold storage. while all reasonable measures may implemented prevent unauthorized use the private keys, there certainty that the private keys will not subject theft, fraud misuse. the unauthorized use the private keys could result significant disruption the gat, and worstcase scenario, cause the gat unusable and therefore worthless. new technology the gat system and all the matters set forth this whitepaper are new and untested. the gat system might not capable completion, implementation adoption according the development roadmap laid out this whitepaper. even the gat system completed, implemented and adopted, might not function intended, and any tokens associated with the gat system may not have the functionality that desirable valuable. also, technology changing rapidly, gat and any tokens transferable the gat system may become outdated. unknown merchant adoption rates the success the gat system relies large part mass adoption the gat system participating merchants. the developers are discussions with number merchants for the deployment the gat system. not known whether any other merchants will adopt the gat system. furthermore, there guarantee that the merchants are currently discussions with, will ultimately deploy the gat system. unknown consumer adoption rates mass consumer adoption blockchain technology has not yet occurred. only very small percentage the consumers incentive programs are familiar with blockchain technology, let alone ethereum. consumers may opt not use our app which would significantly impact the attractiveness the gat system prospective merchants. competition utilizing blockchain technology disrupt the consumer marketing industry has been proposed one the earliest use cases for distributed ledger technology. consequently, the time publication this whitepaper, there are number other consumer marketing companies that compete directly indirectly with the gat system. not known which company will prevail the competition for consumer and merchant adoption. also not known how many other blockchain consumer marketing companies will enter the market prior to, during, after the token distribution period. business execution risks the implementation the gat system roadmap and deployment its related technological components requires high degree professional business and software engineering experience. while the developers have proven track-record software engineering and business development, not certain whether the developers can fully deliver the technical milestones set forth the roadmap. changes the gat system the gat company reserves the right amend the features the gat system any time. the modules for the gat system are constantly under development and will undergo significant changes over time. although the gat company intends for the gat system have the features and specifications set forth this whitepaper, the gat company may make major changes such features and specifications for any number reasons. the associated development timetable may also extended, modified delayed for any reason. any changes the design the gat system, the associated development timetable, may affect the underlying utility gat unpredictable and potentially negative ways. the gat company will not held liable responsible for any adverse effects the underlying utility the gat result any changes modifications the gat system the associated development timetable, all which may result the loss market value the gat. project completion the development the gat system may abandoned for number reasons, including, but not limited to, lack interest from the public, lack funding, lack commercial success prospects, departure key personnel. ability transact resell you may unable sell otherwise transact gat any time, for the price you paid. using the erc- gat token contract (the "smart token contract") the smart sales contract (collectively, the "smart contracts") purchasing gat, you acknowledge, understand and agree that: (a) gat may have value; (b) there guarantee representation liquidity for gat; and (c) the gat company and its affiliates are not and shall not responsible for liable for the market value gat, the transferability and/or liquidity gat and/or the availability any market for gat through third parties otherwise. token security gat may subject expropriation and/or theft. hackers other malicious groups organizations may attempt interfere with the smart contracts gat variety ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial service attacks, consensus-based attacks, sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. furthermore, because the ethereum platform rests open source software and gat are based open source software, there the risk that ethereum smart contracts may contain intentional unintentional bugs weaknesses which may negatively affect gat result the loss your gat, the loss your ability access control your gat the loss eth your account. the event such software bug weakness, there may remedy and holders gat are not guaranteed any remedy, refund compensation. access private keys gat purchased you may held you your digital wallet vault, which requires private key, combination private keys, for access. accordingly, loss requisite private key(s) associated with your digital wallet vault storing gat will result loss such gat, access your gat token balance and/or any initial balances blockchains created third parties. moreover, any third party that gains access such private key(s), including gaining access login credentials hosted wallet vault service you use, may able misappropriate your gat. the gat company not responsible for any such losses. gat are non-transferable until completion the token distribution you acknowledge and understand that gat are not transferable until after the end the gat distribution process. the gat company may modify stop the token distribution any time you acknowledge and understand that the gat company may modify the timing, eth:gat exchange rate and number gat available for acquisition any time during the gat distribution period. you further acknowledge and understand that the gat company reserves the right terminate the sale process any time and withdraw any un-distributed gat from the distribution process. the distribution process has been stopped prematurely, gat acquired you may not transferable. exchange and counterparty risks you send eth the smart sales contract from exchange account that you not control, pursuant the smart sales contract, gat will allocated the account that has sent eth; therefore, you may never receive able recover your gat. using the smart contracts and/or purchasing gat, you acknowledge and agree that you send eth the gat token contract through exchange account and/or hold gat cryptocurrency exchange with another third party your own and sole risk. uncertain regulatory framework the regulatory status cryptographic tokens, digital assets and blockchain technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions. difficult predict how whether governmental authorities will regulate such technologies. likewise difficult predict how whether any governmental authority may make changes existing laws, regulations and/or rules that will affect cryptographic tokens, digital assets, blockchain technology and its applications. such changes could negatively impact gat various ways, including, for example, through determination that gat are regulated financial instruments that require registration. the gat company may cease the distribution gat, the development the gat system cease operations jurisdiction the event that governmental actions make unlawful commercially undesirable continue so. currency regulation risks governments are still grappling with public policy the regulation cryptocurrencies form settlement trade. governments adverse the proliferation the use cryptocurrencies local commerce could issue laws and regulations deeming the use cryptocurrencies regulated activity. this could result holders gat being unable use their gat without further regulatory compliance the gat company. risk government action noted above, the industry which the company operates new, and may subject heightened oversight and scrutiny, including investigations enforcement actions. there can assurance that governmental authorities will not examine the operations the gat company and/or pursue enforcement actions against the gat company. such governmental activities may may not the result targeting the gat company particular. all this may subject the gat company judgments, settlements, fines penalties, cause company restructure its operations and activities cease offering certain products services, all which could harm the gat company's reputation lead higher operational costs, which may turn have material adverse effect gat and/or the development the gat system. risks associated with licensing the gat marketplace systems licensing procedures register cryptocurrency exchange are complex and subject stringent qualification requirements. the event that such license registration required, there guarantee that the developers will able successfully obtain license accept customer deposits for use the gat system. the failure the sponsors establish registered marketplace could result decreased liquidity gat form barter-token within the gat system. risks associated with the token distribution gat are not investment products. rather, gat serve specific function within the gat system, which the means access merchant rewards. without gat, the general public may not access the gat marketplace acquire merchant rewards. there also expectation future profit gain from the acquisition gat. gat not represent (i) any equity other ownership interest the gat company, (ii) any rights dividends other distribution rights from the gat company (iii) any voting other governance rights the gat company. for these and other reasons, believe the distribution gat does not constitute public offering securities subject prospectus registration requirements. however, public policy towards digital token distributions changing, and conceivable that regulators may the future seek broaden the scope regulation token distributions. this could make token distributions subject registration requirements the united states and other jurisdictions. the gat token distribution becomes subject registration requirements, this would delay potentially postpone the proposed gat token distribution indefinitely. taxation risks the receipt, redemption, sale use merchant rewards may may not subject local income tax, capital gain taxes, vat other forms taxes. this uncertainty tax legislation may expose merchants and customers alike unforeseen future tax consequences associated with the use merchant rewards, and/or the trading rewards gat for capital gains. capital control risks many jurisdictions, such china impose strict controls the cross-border flow capital. holders merchant rewards and gat may subject these regulations and/or arbitrary enforcement such regulations any time. this would make the transfer gat out the local jurisdiction overseas exchanges unlawful activity exposing the user gat government fines other regulatory sanction. ctf and anti-money laundering regulations the united states has issued series regulations combat terrorist financing (ctf) and money-laundering activities. many other countries have enacted similar legislation control the flow capital for such illicit activities. the use cryptocurrencies bad actors would breach such regulations. any illicit use gat merchant rewards could seriously impact the reputation the gat system. such event, conceivable that this could trigger scrutiny ctf and anti-money laundering regulators and potentially cause significant disruption the distribution and circulation tokens and gat the gat ecosystem. litigation the crypto-currency industry not uncommon for former business associates, employees service providers bring aggressive litigation attempts obtain crypto-currency assets created collected during the token distribution event. although the gat project structured such manner that attempts best protect its assets from unmerited third party claims, are not able predict whether any past present business associates, employees services providers will bring any suit, action proceedings effort claim part the project's assets business. while the gat foundation and the gat company are prepared utilize its resources defend any such claim, local courts and law enforcement officials asia have wide discretionary powers, and possible that the gat foundation, the gat company and/or its directors, governors, officers and employees may subject unfavorable rulings. these events may negatively affect the ability the gat company continue with implementation the project, and/or may result the loss market value gat. risks associated with trading gat gat tradable number crypto-currency exchanges around the world. there are significant risks involved with buying selling gat: (i) the market value gat may well down. entirely possible that the value gat may significantly decrease over time, even fall zero. (ii) low trading volumes gat. possible that there are lack buyers and sellers for gat any the cryptocurrency markets upon which gat trades. low non-existent trading volumes for gat may mean that you may unable sell your gat the time you wish dispose your gat holdings. low trading volumes also discourage new buyers gat thereby adding the negative impact the market value gat (iii) exchange hacks, closures frauds. crypto currency exchanges are still their infancy and many are susceptible hacks, sudden closures fraud. such event, your gat and other crypto currency assets deposited with such exchanges may lost forever. are not able verify the safety, security, reliability genuineness any the crypto-currency exchanges that gat currently listed on, will listed the future. (iv) trading manipulation. the trading crypto-currencies wholly unregulated, and there are many schemes designed defraud public buyers their crypto-currencies assets. classic example "pump and dump" schemes where groups traders act concert artificially inflate the price crypto-currency asset before selling new buyers that have responded the sudden price increase. while strongly disapprove such market manipulation, have way controlling these, other types schemes the trading gat, which may result significant loss market value for holders gat. risk sudden bank account closure many commercial banks around the world have arbitrarily closed bank accounts operated companies associated with crypto-currency businesses citing potential risks their ability comply with ctf and aml regulations. the gat company and its affiliates are involved the crypto-currency industry, possible that its operating accounts may, the future, subject sudden closure without reason warning. such event, the gat company and its affiliates may experience difficulty managing its cash resources continue ordinary business operations. this may negatively affect the development timetable, and may also negatively impact the market value gat. miscellaneous the software code for the gat token was written gat international limited (the "gat company") and deployed under the mit license the ethereum main network dec-- +utc block height this whitepaper has been prepared the gat company for the sole purpose introducing the technical engineering aspects the gat system, its associated platform components, and its underlying blockchain protocol ethereum. this document does not constitute any offer, solicitation, recommendation invitation for, relation to, the securities any company described herein. the gat company also reserves the right amend modify this whitepaper any time and for any reason. the whitepaper not offering document prospectus, and not intended provide the basis any investment decision contract. the information presented this whitepaper technical engineering nature only, and has not been subject independent audit, verification analysis any professional legal, accounting, engineering financial advisers. the whitepaper does not purport include information that buyer gat might require form any investment decision, and, particular, does not comprehensively address risks gat, which are numerous and significant. the gat foundation and/or the gat company (along with their directors, governors, officers and employees), not assume any liability responsibility whatsoever for the accuracy completeness information contained this whitepaper, for correcting any errors herein. furthermore, should you choose participate the purchase, trading distribution gat, the gat foundation and/or the gat company does not assume any liability responsibility whatsoever for any loss market value gat. the content this whitepaper technically challenging and requires high degree familiarity with distributed ledger technology order comprehend gat and its associated engineering risks. you are unfamiliar with any the terminology, concepts risks outlined this whitepaper you are strongly encouraged not purchase gat, participate the gat token distribution. recipients this document are encouraged seek external advice, and are solely responsible for making their own assessment the matters herein, including assessment risks, and consulting their own technical and professional advisers. disclaimer "forward looking statements" this whitepaper and material uploaded www.globalawardstoken.com, www.gatfoundation.sg and/or www.gatcoin.io contain statements related our future business and financial performance and future events developments involving the gat company that may constitute forward-looking statements. these statements may identified words such "expect," "look forward to," "anticipate" "intend," "plan," "believe," "seek," "estimate," "will," "project" words similar meaning. may also make forward-looking statements other reports, presentations, material delivered press releases. addition, our representatives may from time time make oral forward-looking statements. such statements are based the current expectations and certain assumptions the gat company's management, which many are beyond the gat company's control. these are subject number risks, uncertainties and factors, including, but not limited those described this whitepaper. should one more these risks uncertainties materialize, should underlying expectations not occur assumptions prove incorrect, the actual results, performance achievements the gat company may (negatively positively) vary materially from those described explicitly implicitly the relevant forward-looking statement. the gat company neither intends, nor assumes any obligation, update revise these forward-looking statements light developments which differ from those anticipated. whitepaper version last revised november contact details for further inquiries please join our telegram community and our other social channels: write email to: hello@globalawardstoken.com gat international limited tai mong tsai sai kung hong kong