cryptocurrency whitepaper revision september gobyte.network gobyte core team hisyam muhammad nabil mathieu arbez mohd abdul syafiq akif rabbani advisers jarrad williams brad nickel logan kugler massoud gheysari www.gobyte.network www.github.com/gobytecoin/gobyte www.twitter.com/gobytenetwork t.me/@gobytenetwork this whitepaper living document and improved and edited regular basis. the strategies and ideas you will read about will continue added to, revised, and improved move the project forward. this whitepaper divided two parts. the first introducing gobyte currently and will be. the second part presenting the open source technologies use the core gobyte and what are doing improve upon them realize our vision. milestones the gobyte network overview credits what gobyte? gobyte pay core features future modules miners, masternodes, earning more gbx anonymity maximum supply exchange and trading roadmap team advisers side team strategy target markets distribution strategy conclusion technical background what cryptocurrency? different types cryptocurrencies main bottlenecks bitcoin masternodes network gobyte premine additional improvements security analysis references milestones nov genesis block mined nov first gobyte masternodes auction nov second gobyte masternodes auction nov coinsmarkets listing nov mnrank.com listing nov masternode.online listing nov masternodes.pro listing nov cryptopia listing dec coinexchange listing mar whitepaper release mar gobytepay release mar hitbtc listing aug gobyte core soft fork tba segregated witness tba atomic swaps tba quantum resistance the gobyte network overview satoshi nakamoto dreamed creating cryptocurrency that could replace our current financial system that has time and again caused suffering around the world. the idea was create platform payments that was seamless, instant, secure, and powerful enough free the poorest the world from the oppression fiat currencies empowering them break the cycle financial dependency banks. nakamoto launched bitcoin the world but years later, the dream has still not been fully realized. cryptocurrencies are experiencing amazing level awareness growth when comes trading exchanges, but the dream system payments that was the foundations the crypto revolution has not been achieved. while some spot locations around the world are using bitcoin and alternative cryptocurrencies for payments, the levels adoption are minuscule statistically insignificant. our mission gobyte fulfill the vision that cryptocurrencies were meant usher creating smart, powerful, and easy use payment system that can accessed and used anyone the planet. gobyte the future payments and will the realization the cryptocurrency revolution. november group young developers from around the world got together virtually create their own cryptocurrency. they took existing currency called dash with its foundations bitcoin and created new coin and network called gobyte with the goal changing how money transacts the world. now that the coin launched, and the team has launched the gobyte pay merchant payment system, the next step further advance the technology the system making easier and easier for consumers and merchants use daily basis. this will achieved launching concerted business development and marketing strategy get the product into the hands merchants and consumers worldwide. this document while extensively covering the technology upon which gobyte based, will cover the plans for the product gobyte well the plans for penetrating the market and getting gobyte accepted form payment with merchants and consumers worldwide. understand the realities the marketplace and the forces aligned against success, but are determined create strategy that will result adoption and user levels never before accomplished the world cryptocurrency. the first part this document details our strategy for market penetration for the gobyte currency and the gobyte pay system. the second half the document technical deep dive into the tech behind the network based upon its origins dash. the purpose this white paper introduce you our products, our vision, and our strategy for dominating the world payments. welcome your thoughts and feedback and invite you join our community. thank you bitcoin, dash, and the cryptocurrency world dear reader, thank you for joining this journey towards better financial system for the world. want start this document with the acknowledgement our indebtedness another cryptocurrency platform and the world cryptocurrencies general. without the initiative satoshi nakamoto and the team that made bitcoin real and their continued work build upon that vision, gobyte and the currencies that came before would not exist. recognize the power the original bitcoin creation and honor the spirit open source and the financial revolution embodies, taking what exists and striving make better. important for reader this white paper understand the origins the gobyte currency and the origins much the technical content this white paper. gobyte hard fork the dash cryptocurrency and network. that means took existing open source licensed project and created copy and then over time have been writing our own code make the project what envision gobyte needs become the default method payment the world. must though, acknowledge our gratitude the dash team for the high-quality platform they built that has allowed launch and build the gobyte network. without their tireless work and dedication creating powerful base upon which build our vision, gobyte would have been much more difficult accomplish. want thank and recognize the dash team for their work. while are pursuing different path technically and strategically, the spirit open source, that share our code just dash shared theirs. all collectively the cryptocurrency community are working toward better future for the planet. thank you, the gobyte team what gobyte? gobyte innovative, easy use, and low fee cryptocurrency and digital payment system. has everything consumer needs use digital currencies and everything merchant needs accept them. you are new cryptocurrencies, encourage you use the resource list the end this document learn more about how they work and can used. gobyte was born november fork copy existing cryptocurrency system called dash. tested, secure, and powerful and has one the fastest payment processing engines available. also has the ability anonymous user chooses use that functionality. gobyte can used ecommerce websites and stores. the gobyte pay module makes easy for merchants process payments from consumers their store. simple scan barcode and transaction can completed quickly and securely. modular network the gobyte network modular network based powerful blockchain technology. gobyte's modules are developed independently from the primary blockchain and work together create fast and secure network. the modular structure the gobyte network means that modules can updated independently without causing errors conflicts with other modules. gobyte's developers are working tirelessly create new and innovative modules provide powerful new functionality for consumers, merchants, and developers. every module developed independent team lead senior developer. the modular design the network gives developers clean canvas upon which build while they can make use the powerful functionality the network. "module" part the gobyte network created for specific purpose and functionality. assists the main network reducing expansion different domains activity. this allows gobyte have many functional capabilities and doesn't limit one central purpose. where other cryptocurrencies focus specific capability like anonymity, transaction speed, vertical application, gobyte's modularity has limitations. the gobyte network growing very rapid pace adding masternodes per day and assuring the security and anonymity the chain. thanks the modularity the system, the gobyte network can maintain this growth rate for very long time, which allows the development team enable new technologies and capabilities and ensure the longevity the platform. gobyte pay what would currency couldn't used buy and sell things? while many cryptocurrencies are used buy and sell things today, the process difficult and often counterintuitive and wrapped unprofessional interface. gobyte pay takes cryptocurrency payments another level with powerful and easy use interface designed for technically challenged merchants and consumers desktop, web, and mobile. gobyte pay the first and most critical module the gobyte network. the gobyte pay module interacts directly with the blockchain, allowing create and execute transactions which will later confirmed masternodes and miners. gobyte pay designed the central pillar the network. the gobyte pay module required fast, secure and easy use and the development team dedicated the module determined always improve with every iteration. core features send and receive gobyte (gbx) within seconds built with payment gateway and web wallet integration that merchant can account for all their transactions both the web, apps, and stores allows user have multiple wallets one account will supports multiple currencies single account supports factor authentication(fa) for logins, transactions and withdrawals help users secure their coins easy use with professional interface notifications with each payment and transfers fund transfers within gobyte pay network are free mastercard third party issuer integration (tba) although the gobyte pay module was announced the development actually started the same time the main blockchain. the first private tests the gobyte pay module managed create billing address and receive and confirm payment under seconds, thereby solving one bitcoin's most significant problems long transaction times. thanks the masternode network and the instantsend feature, payments are completed from customer merchant less than seconds. another recurring issue with bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies large transaction fees. gobyte pay solves this problem allowing transaction fees inside the module after miner's fee. all transactions inside the gobyte pay module are done the chain, not server side, increasing security and eliminating possible threats. fees account type transaction fee withdrawal fee normal merchant free masternode owners free gbx, whichever higher. free the only fee that the gobyte pay module subtracts, the withdrawal fee for transactions gobyte addresses outside the module, including exchanges, local wallets and parties. the withdrawal fee decreases according the user verification level and completely removed when withdrawing masternode addresses which have enabled status. the gobyte pay module allows merchants monitor and assign addresses stores franchises desired and eases the tracking payments potential issues regarding bills payments matter the size the merchant company. when merchant owns masternode, they enjoy fees for all transactions and withdrawals, because their transactions are confirmed their masternode and reward for being contributor the security and transaction processing capabilities the network. the time this writing, the gobyte pay module capable supporting more than merchants with impact the transaction speed the network because the number masternodes the network. scale the masternode network, the number merchants supported can unlimited. apps the gobyte pay module also features mobile app for ios and android which directly linked the accounts registered the gobyte pay module. these apps share the same capabilities the desktop wallet which means they allow for fees and easy access the wallets linked registered account. both gobyte pay apps feature -click payments addresses the user's address book, code scans load gbx addresses faster, and the future will incorporate fingerprint recognition and other biometric identity methods and technologies. terminal cryptocurrencies also suffer from lack adoption retail stores. this primarily because existing payment systems rely software and hardware terminals that not have cryptocurrency integrations. gobyte pay will address this issue providing api help existing terminals easily connect pos terminals developed the gobyte network party developers. integrations like this and others will connect with the gobyte pay wallet and generate invoices codes, which will scanned the customer using the gobyte pay app and will confirm the transaction the spot. existing payment processing terminals are often provided free charge inexpensively merchants offered payment basis and the gobyte network will utilize all these methods encourage adoption, especially relates our geographically focused initial marketing targets covered the strategy section this document. the pos terminals will directly connected the merchant account inside the "pay" module, yet won't able manage that account bring any modifications the account directly from the terminal. this way want prevent future token thefts from unauthorized persons. the terminal will allowed only generate new addresses for bills, inside the pay module, and generate codes the client can scan and pay with his "pay" app. the client scans the code and selects pay the amount with fee, thanks the "pay" module. once the transaction broadcasted through the masternodes, the pos terminal will show confirmed message. thanks the customization capabilities the pos terminals, can expand even further, introducing our crypto debit cards which will allow multi-currency deposits. the debit card will work through the gobytepay module, allows deposits, transactions and payments other cryptocurrencies. technical specification for the terminals available the technology section this ecommerce gobyte pay also comes with the ability accept payments the web shopping cart simple website. highly secure method payment and all the features the gobyte pay apps are available for online purchases. the gobyte pay gateway fast, transparent and secure. all transactions use unique address make easy find what you need and they are secured and heavily encrypted stop hackers their tracks. with gobyte pay, you can provide your website customers with the same power that in-store customers enjoy. the gobyte pay gateway has the following features: supports multiple e-commerce applications out the box with more upcoming api available, you can integrate gobyte pay with any other system you can charge users based fiat currency like the dollar, users can see the what they are paying without having the math all transactions are free charge get payment confirmation seconds instant transaction for payments using the gobyte pay wallet merchants can save small fortune over what merchant account gateways charge the gobyte pay module the center all our technologies because enables build and grow vast network merchants and consumers using gobyte save and succeed. future modules the gobyte team examining number potential options speed adoption the gobyte currency and will announcing these they make onto our roadmap. one the options currently the research phase gobyte swap. while more and more people have begun invest and adopt cryptocurrencies, the number those currencies has made adoption for payment difficult. gobyte swap will use the open source atomic swap technology the basis for system that will make easy for consumers swap out coins they already own order process transaction the gobyte network. this serves number purposes: makes easier for consumers manage and use the cryptocurrencies they already have makes easier for merchants accept any cryptocurrency, without having manage multiple currencies their own wallets encourages merchant lock-in the gobyte network and builds infrastructure around the gobyte coin consumers will get more exposure the power gobyte and encouraged adopt make even easier buy and sell using gobyte the swaps technology will also make easier for gobyte traded multiple exchanges, because user can convert coins for buying and selling and sending the fly and exchanges may make use the technology for their own infrastructure increased liquidity means more trading volume and should have positive impact the value gobyte coins this just one example the many modules our development team considering. other modules will include integrations with other applications, markets, and ecosystems well specialized applications for specific vertical markets. addition, our apis will allow party developers create their own modules for specific markets thus helping increase adoption worldwide. you have idea that would great addition the gobyte network, please reach out discord our other channels. are collaborative team and look forward hearing your thoughts. miners, masternodes, earning more gbx we've mentioned masternodes few times this document but haven't explained their purpose and have yet explain mining relates the gobyte network. much more technical explanation both concepts available our technology section, but for the rest us, this section will explain their importance. order for cryptocurrencies powerful, fast, decentralized, and secure, they require network computers provide processing power the network. satoshi nakamoto foresaw well, that these computers would need rewarded some way for providing this power and created miners. miners are computers that are tasked with solving complex math problem order create block the blockchain where all transactions are stored virtual ledger (for explanation blockchains, please see the resources section the end this document). this ledger duplicated from one block the next ensuring that "coins" can spent more than once and that record all transactions always available. mining machine can require great deal processing power and therefore costs money and resources build and run. for providing these resources every time miner solves the mathematical problem first and records block they are rewarded with coins associated with that block. the advantage mining for the gobyte network over many other networks that asic resistant. that means can use graphical processing unit mine for the network rather than very expensive asic processors that require even greater electrical resources and are out reach common computers. gobyte has always been about making easier use and earn and that reflected our mining requirements. the other side the processing and computing power equation are masternodes. masternodes require less computing power, but also help secure the network and record transactions. masternodes are less resource hungry, because they represent investment coin holder the gobyte network. every masternode owner required hold gobyte coins and store them their masternode server. then, regular basis (determined the overall processing capabilities the network) they too earn more coins for validating transactions the network. masternodes help keep the network fast and secure and masternode owners are rewarded for their investment coins and processing with more coins being delivered them regular basis. currently the block reward the number coins created and distributed for every block recorded this means that the miner receives coins for every one they mine and the chosen masternode rewarded gobyte coins. the number coins rewarded drops approximately% annually and new block created approximately every seconds. masternodes and mining are great way contribute the gobyte network and rewarded for that contribution. provide extensive help our website for those that would like take part mining own masternode. anonymity gobyte payments can needed, completely anonymous using privatesend. this done breaking payment into multiple parts and combining the parts with other transactions. most cryptocurrencies while they provide layer simple anonymous capabilities, can eventually traced. this true bitcoin and most the major altcoins, but gobyte takes anonymity very deep level providing complete protection from detection. detailed description privatesend available the technical section this document. maximum supply the maximum number coins that will ever exist for gobyte approximately million. this means that after all coins are created, more coins can ever made. this stands stark contrast fiat currencies, that are inflationary and are printed "as needed" the central bank which creates destabilizing effect the value the dollar and has led number financial crises. gobyte (gbx) celebrated supporters and admonished skeptics because its finite supply. there are only approximately million gbx that can ever mined, regardless the earth's population and its corresponding demand for gbx. once all million have been mined, there will never any new gbx (unless change the protocol made increase the supply). estimated that mining will continue for approximately years and provide extended time period incentive miners and masternode holders continue secure the network and process transactions. exchanges and trading cryptocurrencies are speculative, highly volatile and very risky. they may also illegal where you live. encourage you consult licensed financial advisor and legal counsel before investing cryptocurrencies any kind and your own research. gobyte coins are readily available for purchasing and trading multiple exchanges and will become more available continue advance our network reach. the time this writing, gobyte available for purchase and trading the following exchanges and typically trades under the symbol gbx: karsha exchange cryptopia crypto-bridge barterdex coinexchange stocks.exchange roadmap have already accomplished great deal innovation the gobyte network very short period time and are adding our development team regular basis, can roll out even greater functionality serve the needs our users and the goal being the dominant global payment solution. the following represents our planned innovations, but please aware that development timelines can fluid and while provide some estimates delivery, these release dates can delayed. team the gobyte team truly international. our team members work virtually create the powerful platform and cryptocurrency you have available for your use today. every member the team shares core vision making commerce easier and leveling the playing field finance for every participant the world. can reached via the following channels and welcome your feedback, ideas, and community involvement. without you don't really have reason exist, please dive with us. discord: http://discord.gobyte.network reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/gobyte/ bitcointalk: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. website: https://www.gobyte.network medium: http://medium.com/@gobytenetwork telegram: t.me/@gobytenetwork hisyam (lowkey) location: malaysia position: chief executive officer, lead developer one the four founders. the lead core developer and the project manager. hisyam worked for years system administrator network security specialist. those cryptocurrency enthusiasts, exciting coders and men vision, who can push things the next level. muhamad nabil (mnfikri) location: malaysia position: chief information officer, senior developer one the four founders. graduated network engineer, working hardware engineer and senior core developer. nabil perfectionist leading our quality test processes order find and fix bugs and security issues. mathieu arbez (hewwo) location: paris, france position: designer, senior marketing assistant, public relations, tech support one the four founders. mathieu cryptocurrency enthusiast interested the relations between the blockchain technology and the western world utopias. charge the public relations and community management. also helping design, tech support and strategy. linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/mathieu-arbez-hermoso-ab/ twitter: https://twitter.com/mah mohd abdul syafiq (pcde) location: malaysia position: designer, senior marketing assistant, public relations, tech support syafiq charge the public relations and the community management. also helping design, tech support and marketing strategy. linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohd-abdul-syafiq-said-/ twitter: https://twitter.com/syafiq akif rabbani location: malaysia position: chief technology officer, lead developer the gobyte pay module, head r&d department akif the lead developer the gobyte pay module. leads team six senior and junior developers who can work different modules for gobyte. akif great leader and has the resources needed lead the r&d department. linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/akif-r-a/ twitter: https://twitter.com/akifrabbani advisers jarrad williams location: usa, miami, position: general manager jarrad charge brand awareness the united states. jarrad also charge merchant applications the united states. linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jarrad-williams-/ logan kugler location: usa, miami, logan serial entrepreneur who has built six companies and vast network worldrenowned business leaders. has written about advances technology, including cryptocurrency, for dozens national magazines including popular science, forbes, magazine and computerworld. linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/logankugler/ twitter: https://twitter.com/logankugler brad nickel location: usa, miami, brad nickel has been the startup world founder and adviser since founded one the first saas providers, designed the core tech for network printing, and has been digital marketing executive for companies large and small. linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/bradnickel/ twitter: https://twitter.com/clickbrain website: https://blacknox.com/ masoud gheysari location: united arab emirates masoud gheysari registered karsha business technology inc. legal corporation november started expanding this automatic exchange system, accepting newly introduced cryptocurrencies and being one the very first bitcoin service providers. linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/khashmeshab/ twitter: https://twitter.com/khashmeshab website: https://karsha.biz/ side team azlan shah location: malaysia status: contract going azlan shah was hired the end december develop and release the mobile apps the gobyte "pay" module. azlan young developer with lot potential and knowledge regarding the mobile platforms and excellent partner for azlan charge both ios and android apps for the "pay" module. yugaindiran marimuthu location: malaysia status: contract going yugaindiran junior developer the gobyte "pay" development team that lead akif rabbani. thanks his knowledge, yugaindiran senior hardware engineer the r&d department lead akif rabbani. yagaindiran key member for the further development and research the pos terminals that will connected with the gobyte "pay" module. long-term health larger and faster blocks. gobyte relies block size and block time seconds. this effectively allows gobyte handle transaction volume greater than bitcoin's. masternodes. the gobyte network constitutes -tier architecture, where the first tier the protocol level, mining and staking and the blockchain itself. the second layer its masternode array, being large network high availability dedicated servers operated users. these users provide enhanced services the network (such faster transactions, masternodes require collateral gobyte operate order ensure that launching malicious nodes too costly for potential attacker, and nodes are paid gobyte for their services. since these are dedicated and powerful servers, they can better handle the increasing load larger chain than average desktop machine smartphone. architecture and operation the gobyte network the architecture and operation the gobyte network can summarized follows: new transactions are broadcast all nodes. each node collects new transactions into block. each node works finding difficult proof-of-work solution recover its block. when node finds proof-of-work solution, broadcasts the block all other nodes. nodes accept the block only all transactions are valid and not already spent. this critical step ensures that double-spend attack cannot occur. nodes express their acceptance the block working creating the next block the chain, using the hash the accepted block the previous hash. given that cryptographic hashing functions are computationally infeasible reverse, hash match confirms that the new block refers the exact current state the entire blockchain. nodes always consider the longest chain the correct one and will keep working extending it. two nodes broadcast different versions the next block simultaneously, some nodes may receive one the other first. that case, they work the first one received, but save the other branch case becomes longer. the tie will broken when the next proof-of-work solution found and one branch becomes longer; the nodes that were working the other branch will then switch the longer one. new transaction broadcasts not necessarily need reach all nodes. long they reach sufficiently large number nodes, they will get into block before long. block broadcasts are also tolerant dropped messages. node does not receive block, will request when receives the next block and realize missed one. strategy there point putting thousands man hours create strong cryptocurrency you have way establish market dominance. the growth cryptocurrency interest investment context and the hyperaware levels consumer interest them, means right now the time for launch strong strategic push into the market. brand cryptocurrency has captured payments and none well positioned gobyte so. that said, this not easy task. will using multiple strategies, tactics, and targeting mechanisms order grow our brand and will require strong base talent and community enthusiasm continue the growth we've already begun. are determined make gobyte the number one choice for cryptocurrency payments worldwide and are ready invest the marketing and team needed succeed. our goal establish strong presence the payments market means have multiple sides the market must target and reach. merchants consumers agents merchant franchisers merchant headquarters investors money transfer locations that, have build interest and excitement about gobyte. generally believe that the fastest way drive consumer adoption through presence merchants and through other online consumer promotions. must have both sides the equation are going succeed. order for that happen, have build enough base merchants order have consumers see the presence our brand multiple retail locations. this need create two-sided demand means that order for merchants stay with us, they will have have enough customers using gobyte pay make worth keep using and promoting it. our approach this multi-pronged geographic concentration targeting starting with south florida and moving northward other locations the united states and worldwide. geographic targeting hub countries with high influx travel and business connections south florida. this will include brazil, colombia, costa rica, dominican republic, venezuela, argentina, spain, and other european countries. merchant agent targeting our geographic target and nationally across the united states have agents offering gobyte their credit card processing clients store marketing and promotions get consumers try and use gobyte promotions targeting gobyte merchant customers and fans social media with promotions and offers drive consumers into stores use gobyte further promotions for transfers funds via gobyte from south florida family and friends other countries aggressive and highly sophisticated and international online advertising and growth tactics encourage buying and using gobyte variety situations, including money transfers, purchases, import and export and much more every consumer that signs needs possible have more than one use gobyte within their daily life. that can either multiple merchants with whom they business person online other methods use including funds transfers across borders and being investor gobyte exchange, masternode owner, miner. our goal able reach new users with marketing communications for them introduced other ways using gobyte. this critical component our strategy and will part every introduction customers with "how you can use gobyte" type messaging every brand exposure. part the strategy connect with every new gobyte user providing incentive connect with the gobyte community, signup for newsletter get more involved what are doing every time they use gobyte transaction. also will work with our merchants provide incentives for them offer discounts and coupons for using gobyte. this becomes easier task, because transactions are free have extremely low fees. our merchants are already saving significantly with the use gobyte, they have more margin with which play for gobyte-based purchases and the low-cost the network means their best interest encourage more customers use it. average they are paying about per transaction and many retail businesses, can the difference between surviving and profitability. addition, encouraging consumers recommend merchants return for rewards means that will completing the multiple merchant per consumer strategy that will help drive repeat use gobyte. target markets have two primary market segments for gobyte broad general terms being merchants and consumers, but those targeting objectives are too broad these early days building out our network, are going use targeting and testing strategies identify our best early payment adopters. progress through our marketing strategies, will narrow our specific market segment targets both consumers and merchants building out series marketing messaging and advertising tests that will help identify our most likely early adopters for payments. merchants order grow the use gobyte, will have grow the number merchants available take payments from consumers. our success currency depends our ability grow both sides the market simultaneously and that why are taking multi-pronged approach the growth our merchant network. our targeting for merchants will geographic, vertical, and mass market. will use sophisticated marketing techniques, referral programs, and networks referral partners and agents grow our based merchants. geographic have business development, marketing and investor team the area and beginning base merchants grow upon the area global travel, e-commerce, and industry hub. the international nature the area perfect for spreading gobyte around the world. millions dollars are transferred into and out south florida relatives, friends, and ecommerce daily and the fees those transfers cost mean gobyte transfer option can very attractive. much the transfers funds and out miami happen small retail outlets, can target locations where immigrants currently frequent, but where currently funds transfer capabilities exist south florida international banking and finance hub. numerous import and export businesses operate the region and the ability transfer large sums money with very low-cost fees using gobyte will natural progression from consumer usein the area. florida also tourist destination with the potential also spread gobyte other regions the country and the world targeting tourist retailers help them and consumers save. progress through our strategy, will ascertain other regions where gobyte seeing increased adoption and will pick few targets for our next geographic expansion. will also expand geographically through north florida and into the atlanta, georgia region and then upwards throughout the united states. vertical there are number verticalized currencies the market today. these currencies are meant solve problem for specific industry, but when comes consumer payments for things like cannabis treatments, healthcare, and other specialized products and services, these currencies will likely struggle, because they not serve consumer any other scenario. so, while some currencies will succeed those markets, most will not generate the level demand necessary sustain market. gobyte's approach very different. will target vertical markets for payments, but these will only initial adoption segment get gobyte into consumers hands and get them used using digital currencies. once have consumer using our currency, will then encourage them use other local, national, and ecommerce merchants. will build into our apps the ability locate other merchants the area that accept gobyte pay, well online sites. will also use advertising drive customers these vertical markets, because can more easily target them online with advertising and merchants will appreciate that are driving customers their stores. critical have consumers see currency usable multiple locations. cannot just one store for one type item they buy. adoption consumers for everyday use will dependent upon adoption merchants where they shop. are working through number potential vertical markets and have begun the process building partnerships with merchant account agents and others particular segments. our goal work through vertical markets while are using geographic targeting and will attempt coincide expansion into those geographic areas parallel. consumer merchant promotion also will work have our consumer clients that use gobyte help promote other merchants their area, market, and sites where they make purchases. will use rewards encourage consumers promote gobyte pay merchants that they frequent the form prizes, gobyte coins, and other incentives. will launch easy use and manage rewards system tied the gobyte pay app manage the rewards will offer. mass market while being very specific our targeting both vertically and geographically, will also promoting and marketing our solutions for merchants national and international level. will use targeted advertising, social media, content marketing, public relations, and events recruit merchants. consumers can book many merchants want, but don't have consumers use the gobyte network, then will not able grow sustain it. our consumer targeting will based specific demographics current users, community members, and supporters, but will also begin testing marketing campaigns new market segments. demographic targeting engage with more and more users gobyte, will work establish "persona" for consumers most likely use our service can target them with digital marketing. need not only early adopters, but also adopters willing spread the word other consumers return for rewards. will use existing targeting metrics social media cross identify current cryptocurrency exchange users and target them with our payment messaging. addition, will working test messaging across social media and other digital channels determine what will work best for attracting and converting users. currently those most likely invest and use cryptocurrencies are younger men and some younger women and those will necessarily some our initial targeting metrics, but will seek determine other demographics likely adopt and use our system via testing both online and through merchants. geographic targeting just are launching initial south florida targeting the united states for merchants, will also the same for consumers. for specific strategies and justifications for this approach, please see the geographic section under target markets/merchants. distribution gobyte currently small organization and order grow our payments market share, will necessarily need make use partnerships increase our market penetration and distribution merchants and consumers. this section detail our strategies for going market via partnerships that have customers want target with gobyte and gobyte pay. iso agents isos independent sales organizations and agents offer merchant account credit card processing services retail and online stores. for every merchant they sign for processing services, they retain small percentage all processing charges that merchant pays out each transaction. these organizations and sales people create recurring revenue streams for themselves that can last for years. order for gobyte able utilize these same networks for our services, will need rewards system that also equates significant revenue and will using coin and masternode incentives help them see the value gobyte over other forms payment. the more the network grows, the more value they will see their coin rewards and turn, the more they will want offer gobyte pay merchants. over time the value will far outstrip the revenue from credit card transactions, but there reason they can't sell both. recent years, the prospects for credit card processing revenue have begun dwindle for these sales and agent organizations, because companies like stripe and square and others have begun gain market share with simpler pricing and middlemen. this has resulted less commissions and recurring revenue. this means these sales people are nervous about the future their business and the gobyte system can provide amazing opportunity for them earn more. will also target service providers that work with merchants and provide them incentive offer gobyte, include point sale products, merchandising services, and much more. integration one the benefits building system for payments and cryptocurrency the ability integrate that system with any other system that would compatible. will examine the market for point sale systems, accounting, and other businessrelated systems that would strong fit for integrations. the early stages will provide the integrations with major providers systems that would value and provide rewards product and service providers that promote gobyte their clients. will also offer api for developers make easy connect the gobyte payment system from their apps and website. the goal make simple possible for application developers and systems with existing companies able make use the gobyte pay system and help increase consumer adoption. referral partners and consumer advocates gobyte will establish full consumer and partner referral program provide series rewards for signing merchant adopters well consumer users. will market the system heavily order grow our user base and build larger community users and advocates. similar program will also available businesses, consumers, and professionals refer merchants for signup. marketing and will mounting aggressive marketing and program grab market share our geographic targets and worldwide. community social media have already developed very strong community following for gobyte and plan leverage that community help grow the brand. each member the community has vested interest seeing succeed and many have already offered support launch our coordinated marketing strategy. now that have the tools that consumers need succeed, are confident they will assist our effort grow. our current community very investment oriented and while that has sustained when things were difficult, also must begin expand our community other demographics. for example, most purchasing the united states handled females and targeting females for cryptocurrency spending can difficult. this case, will work build community first around younger females that are more likely willing give gobyte try. that targeting means that need build different type community around the demographic and social networks that will our best targets. these campaigns will not only organically driven, they will also advertising driven with the exception facebook. one the initial communities build around our network will one oriented people that would like earn more money referring gobyte merchants and other consumers. will critical though that create the network where they already are involved with communities including social networks and chat related applications. all this requires use strong content and social aggregation tactics reach each target demographic's attention while providing strong reason for each become involved. again, this requires testing and strong data analysis order for success. just are planning geographic targeting general, will also use social geographic targeting increase the opportunity for consumers use gobyte for transactions also need build community for merchants. this will require different type social strategy, but one that will needed anyway. will require strong social media professionals and community managers help grow our presence and grow the network and revenues, will able staff teams make that possible. will also identify strong social communicators event marketing because are taking geographically centric approach marketing, will also make use event marketing our initial markets build brand awareness and drive signups. festivals, fairs, business conventions and more will all part the overall strategy drive adoption. will also use our own created events partnership with our merchants, that will fun attend and will encourage existing gobyte users bring their friends. content marketing content marketing the single most cost-effective type marketing available digital marketers and will use every facet our strategies. from advertising great content, social promotion, will work constantly connect with merchants and consumers providing them with high quality, educational, and entertaining content. content marketing allows you establish relationship with consumers over time, they become comfortable with your brand, expertise, and capabilities. will generate written, video, audio (podcast), and graphical content catch the attention our target markets. most the content develop will educational entertaining. educational content allows establish ourselves experts and company that provides value merchants and consumers while entertaining content pushes our brand into the minds consumers and makes recognizable and positive. both can have great deal impact. the key successful content marketing creating connection with potential customers. that connection can via social media their wall via automated bots can email drip campaigns courses entertaining materials. the priority make connection and then continue generate value for them. merchant content marketing most our merchant targeted content will educational. retailers are constantly looking for ways improve their bottom line and will provide content that captures that desire. everything from marketing accounting operations will tested and when find content types that result eventually conversions gobyte pay merchants, will double down those targets and content types. will also create content that profiles our merchants other merchants show how gobyte has made them successful and consumers help them connect with more customers use gobyte. profiling our early adopter merchants will also allow establish stronger bond and loyalty with them and increase our ability gain referrals from other businesses. consumer content marketing our consumer content marketing will pretty even mix entertainment and educational. the educational content will around the types things that interest our market whether crafts and cooking wine and technology. again, will use demographic targeting determine our best bet and then provide them the content that has the greatest impact longer term conversions. may also use our merchants provide educational content consumers. discover that wine lovers will adopt gobyte, then will provide series courses wine tasting and wine regions. may hold in-store events that are educational well. advertising online advertising can very cost effective, but you don't know what you are doing, can very painful. will working with the best social, search, and display advertising target and capture consumer interest. most our consumer advertising will drive consumers engaging content and our merchant advertising will drive them educational content about business. will also test campaigns drive people straight signups. learning what search terms and social interactions will drive conversions will very important. effective advertising all about data and will constantly analyzing our returns over time hone campaigns that are driving the most signups and eventually revenue. public relations public relations longer about press releases. today about getting great stories written targeted publications and have number strategies will pursue using professional agency. stories about our merchants published trade websites and magazines around their vertical market with emphasis how they are making more money using gobyte some other angle that has tie-in gobyte. stories about quoting our executive team. stories about consumers that are helping drive gobyte adoption. speaking gigs business shows attract merchants specific verticals things like larger city chambers commerce where can teach attendees about cryptocurrencies while also letting them know how they can use gobyte jump into the market, make more revenue, and reduce fees and expenses. strategy conclusion thank you for taking interest gobyte. are excited about the opportunity and would honored have you join take over the world payments. believe have the network, applications, and the strategy make gobyte dominant payments provider worldwide and are getting ready much more make that possible. every time another person joins our worldwide community, our network grows stronger. please feel free reach out you have any questions. are here make easier for you empowered cryptocurrency through the gobyte network. technical background this section the white paper intended for readers with strong technical background and some experience with blockchain technologies and cryptocurrencies. what cryptocurrency? standard definition cryptocurrency medium exchange that uses hash-based algorithms cryptography provide more secure transactions and better protocol medium exchange. most currencies are peer-to-peer and utilize decentralized communication between networks. they run with proof-based algorithm that makes the network possible. the usefulness cryptocurrency useful number ways, including but not limited to: more profitable transactions are faster and more secure less prone inflation gives users more control over currency due less government interference how does mining work? cryptocurrency mining uses computer's processing power verify blocks, secure the network, and lower the hash difficulty targets. this means that the computers within the mining network are processing the transactions and verifying chain more rapidly, resulting faster payment processing and greater network stable. most miners have block erupter system built-in asic cryptonote based currencies typically rely the number cpu cores and the quality the central processor non-asic currencies, like gobyte, are more gpu based and are mostly multi-threaded hashes. how does trading work? trading cryptocurrencies means buying and selling the values cryptocurrencies change rapidly. this especially true because many cryptocurrencies use different algorithms and the rate which the price changes dependent upon market demand and other influences. most exchanges allow users trade between cryptocurrencies and the best traders use tools that show price fluctuations the market and buy and sell utilizing this information. different types cryptocurrencies asic based cryptocurrencies primarily proof work(pow) mining-based btc cash, litecoin, etc. may utilize asic based mining more the future mining btc better utilizes asic (application-specific integrated chips) neoscrypt cryptocurrencies anonymity egalitarian pow memory bound functions utilizes gpu cores for mining defined utilizing application layer protocol non-asic cryptocurrencies while more asic-resistant than other coins, non-asic cryptocurrency revolves around entirely different concept. most utilize miner's gpu graphical processing unit for mining. gpu accelerated computing also option since closer analyzing algorithms that are multithreaded. some non-asic cryptocurrencies utilize smart contracts like ethereum. main bottlenecks bitcoin centralization network capacity (transactions per second) sustainability governance any decentralized payment system that wishes achieve universal adoption and solidify itself viable global currency must built such way that its very infrastructure addresses and solves all bottlenecks early on. economically speaking, the recent exponential price appreciation bitcoin from under over writing this paper clearly demonstrates increasing global market demand for the solution that bitcoin offers, however, believe that until comprehensive solution arises that fully answers the challenges faced the bitcoin network, full capitalization the global multitrillion-dollar financial industry cannot reached. with this philosophy and unmet market demand mind, have decided create gobyte (gbx). gobyte community driven, open source and fully autonomous cryptocurrency that places strong emphasis the very building blocks required create complete payment system: secure, anonymous, trustless, scarce and fungible with very low-cost transaction pro le. designed embody all that bitcoin well more advanced cryptocurrencies have grown become well capture the economic value that thus far inhibited the systemic constraints outlined above. will expand these -main adoption and growth barriers and outline how gobyte's unique architecture seeks resolve them. centralization network considered centralized when either vast absolute decision-making power vested the hands few individuals. believe that recent years, the bitcoin network has taken path evolution that incompatible with its founders' original vision. the first the question mining. mining the process which individuals dedicate computational resources solving difficult mathematical problems. upon solving the aforementioned, new block found the blockchain and with newly pending transactions are confirmed and cleared through. this process known proof work (or pow) forces the miner prove that they have done the necessary work verify the block, and the first miner find new block compensated for their efforts. this introduces element economic competition between miners and prevents the network from being attacked attacks become too costly and thus, economically unviable. unfortunately, the bitcoin protocol has introduced mining algorithm that allows for asics (application-specific integrated circuit) devices that can create very large number hashes per second. this has created unfair status quo whereby those who can afford purchase asic devices have clear upper hand and those who cannot are effectively excluded from participating the network. since every bitcoin protocol enhancement needs approved with majority miners, the top miners who own the mining power can either accept veto any suggestion that brought before the community. this effectively overrules the democratic nature that decentralized network should characterized and creates disproportionate centralization decision-making power. order prevent such occurrence, gobyte utilizes advanced and fair hashing algorithm known neoscrypt. neoscrypt well known for being lightweight algorithm that can mined with very modest hardware devices. this ensures that anyone can participate the gobyte mining, whether they own smartphone supercomputer. the name suggests, neoscrypt further development scrypt described percival. aimed increased security and better performance general purpose computer hardware while maintaining comparable costs and requirements., which makes the development dedicated asic device specifically designed produce large number hashes per second virtually impossible. this property known asic-resistance, and with it, seek eliminate any barrier entry for the average gobyte end user terms network governance and promote absolute decentralization and democracy. network capacity abstract outline initial scaling mechanism for gobyte. after deployment and activation, gobyte will able handle double the transactions can currently handle. this means that gobyte will prepared for eight times the traffic bitcoin. motivation peer peer electronic cash systems rely the fact that they can used with little trust third party. have also seen scaling issues have dramatic effects the usability these systems. the current state the gobyte network requires users trust that developers will deliver scaling solution when needed. implementation dip(dash core) allows users actively participate increasing the capacity gobyte. addition, scaling solutions take time roll out. such, developers are tasked with rolling out scaling solutions four five months before they are needed. forecasting network traffic growth impossible task. however, there are outside factors that could accelerate this estimate. for example, chain fork which being discussed for bitcoin may drive users alternatives. also, market actors can have profound impact the use gobyte, and not necessarily announce their intentions for proprietary reasons. one more motivation that adopting this proposal serves proof concept gobyte's governance system. shows that proposals voted masternodes actually have real world results. removes the need for users trust gobyte's proposal system. conventions the bit sequence and the current version dash blocks. the version used signal acceptance consensus change rule. miner should use this version signal acceptance the miner and the masternode for the block consensus rule change. use used c++. the remainder division. modulo and equal quadratic hashing challenge currently dash has size limit per block. with this limit miner could include transaction that takes around minutes verify moderate cpu. however, gobyte, with block size means attacking miner could include transaction that takes around minutes verify. attacker successfully gets attacking block the chain then all nodes the future will need verify this block when syncing. this attack even more dramatic block size increases. paradoxically, this attack could get bad that becomes impossible because propagation would force attacking block orphaned. even attacking block not included the main chain, trying verify attacking blocks can have negative transient effects. this attack quadratic with respect transaction size. such, limiting transaction size makes this attack impossible. currently, transactions over size are nonstandard and dropped the network. quadratic hashing attacking transaction size would take around seconds verify. since transactions are processed parallel, block full attacking transactions would take from seconds process. for this reason, gobyte changed consensus rules that blocks with transaction over are ruled invalid and orphaned. consensus protocol changes block over invalid. allow the network scale replace this rule with the two rules: block over invalid. block with least one transaction over invalid. note the cap transaction size will not necessarily satisfied old blocks. for this reason, this new rule must only enforced blocks after activation the protocol change. observation transaction limit this subsection only point out possible efficiency the transaction size limit. currently, transactions the mempool already verified standard and thus satisfy the size limit. should then possible that only transactions not seen the node would need checked satisfy the limit. however, checking transaction the mempool might take long verifying the size. bip inspired activation (bitcoin core) ensure coherent network roll-out employ bip(bitcoin core) signaling adjusted for gobyte. reserve the last bit the version signal for dip(dash core) activation. dip(dash core) enabled miner will broadcast block version only the masternode selected for that block also dip(dash core) enabled. model the block difficulty adjustment period bip(bitcoin core) with block round. this length round should allow for representative sample masternodes taken. block mined the version number determined the miner who mined and the masternode that selected for that block. note that blocks mined nonupgraded miners will broadcast version without regard for the dip(dash core) acceptance the masternode selected. above, mtp represents the median time past bip(bitcoin core). the variables starttime and timeout are particular integers that represent the time the current epoch. here, threshold reached, particular boolean will define below, and denote without the space, threshold reached, code. the state every block determined the algorithm below: the state the genesis block defined bip. state getstateforblock(block) (block.height return defined; all blocks the same round have the same state. ((block.height return getstateforblock(block.parent); otherwise, the next state depends the previous state: switch (getstateforblock(getancestoratheight(block, block.height ))) remain the defined state until either pass the starttime the timeout. getmediantimepast the code below refers the median ntime block and its predecessors. case defined: (getmediantimepast(block.parent) timeout) return failed; (getmediantimepast(block.parent) starttime) return started; return defined; after period the started state, we're past the timeout, switch failed. not, tally the bits set, and transition locked_in sufficient number blocks the past period have bit set note that block's state never depends its own nversion; only that its ancestors. case started: (getmediantimepast(block.parent) timeout) return failed; (thresholdreached) return locked_in; return started; the protocol change only force when the first block active state. selection parameters for values starttime and timeout, implemented follows: starttime= turned off oct midnight timeout= weeks later the selection round consisting blocks made based masternodes not being randomly selected, rather they are queue. such can't treat the sample masternodes simple random sample. current time masternodes would consist sample around masternodes. this number small enough that the sample masternodes are unique. this number were larger then there would chance that some masternodes would sampled twice while others aren't sampled all. this property maintained long the number blocks round under all masternodes. the number also has the property being equal about week blocks. calculation thresholdreached determination thresholdreached given block with block.height can calculate thresholdreached. thresholdreached determined bit each version all blocks the previous round. note the current block not considered the previous round. define thresholdreached true when and only when, (sum(bit this sum over (block.height through (block.height this translates the dip flags. expected activation conditions given that bit will mined non-dip miner this actually targets activation the following cases. >=% mining power and masternodes mining power and masternodes mining power and masternodes any case, activation highly unlikely without least miners and masternodes. copyright copyright (c) march dash core team. licensed under mit license copyright (c) november present gobyte core team. licensed under mit license masternodes network full nodes are servers running network, that allow peers use them receive updates about the events the network. these nodes require significant amounts traffic and other resources that carry substantial cost. result, the bitcoin network steady decrease the amount these nodes has been observed for some time and result block propagation have been upwards seconds. many solutions have been proposed such new reward scheme microsoft research and the bitnodes incentive program. masternode reward program cost and payments much the reason for the decrease full nodes the bitcoin network, the lack incentive run one. over time the cost running full node increases the network gets used more, creating more bandwidth and costing the operator more money. the cost rises, operators consolidate their services cheaper run run light client, which does not help the network all. masternodes are full nodes, just like the bitcoin network, except they must provide level service the network and have bond collateral participate. collateral never forfeit and safe while the masternode operating. this allows investors provide service the network, earn interest their investment and reduce the volatility the currency. run masternode, the node must store ,gbx. when active, nodes provide services clients the network and return are paid the form dividend. this allows the users pay for the services and earn return investment. masternodes are all paid from the same pool money, approximately the total block reward dedicated this program. due the fact that the masternode rewards program not fixed percentage and the masternode network nodes are fluctuating, expected masternode rewards will vary according the current total count active masternodes and current block reward distribution. payments for standard day for running masternode can calculated using the following formula: (n/t)*r*b*a where: the number masternodes operator controls the total number masternodes the current block reward (presently averaging about gbx) blocks average day. for the gobyte network this usually the average masternode payment (%-% the average block amount) return investment for running masternode can calculated ((n/t)*r*b*a*) where variables are the same above. the cost associated with running masternode creates hard and soft limit active nodes the network. currently with (where current gobyte coins circulation), only nodes (where x/) could possibly running the network. the soft limit imposed the price costs acquire node and the limited liquidity exchanges due usage gobyte currency and not merely investment. deterministic ordering special deterministic algorithm used create pseudo-random ordering the masternodes. using the hash from the proof-of-work for each block, security this functionality will provided the mining network. pseudo code, for selecting masternode: for(mastenode masternodes){ current_score masternode.calculatescore(); if(current_score best_score){ best_score current_score; winning_node masternode; cmasternode::calculatescore(){ pow_hash getproofofworkhash(nblockheight); get the hash this block pow_hash_hash hash(pow_ hash); //hash the pow hash increase the entropy difference abs(pow_hash_hash masternode_vin); return difference; the example code can extended further provide rankings masternodes also, "second", "third", "fourth" masternode the list selected. trustless quorums currently the gobyte network has (as march active masternodes. requiring gbx collateral become active masternode, create system which one can control the entire network masternodes. for example, someone wants control the masternode network, they would have buy gobyte coins from the open market. this would raise the price substantially and would become impossible acquire the needed gobyte. with the addition the masternode network and the collateral requirements, can use this secondary network highly sensitive tasks trustless way, where single entity can control the outcome. selecting pseudo random masternodes from the total pool perform the same task, these nodes can act oracle, without having the whole network the task. for example, implementation trustless quorum (see instantsend), which uses quorums approve transactions and lock the inputs the proof-of-service implementation. another example use for trustless quorums can include utilizing the masternode network decentralized oracle for financial markets, making secure decentralized contracts possibility. example, contract, apple stock (aapl) over dec pay public key otherwise pay public key roles and proof-of-service masternodes can provide any number extra services the network. proof- ofconcept, our first implementation included privatesend and instantsend. utilizing what call proof-of-service, can require that these nodes are online, responding and even the correct block height. bad actors could also run masternodes, but not provide any the quality service that required the rest the network. reduce the possibility people using the system their advantage nodes must ping the rest the network ensure they remain active. this work done the masternode network selecting quorums per block. quorum checks the service quorum each block. quorum are the closest nodes the current block hash, while quorum are the furthest nodes from said hash masternode checks masternode (rank masternode checks masternode (rank masternode checks masternode (rank all work done check the network prove that nodes are active done the masternode network itself. approximately the network will checked each block. this results the entire network being checked about six times per day. order keep this system trustless, select nodes randomly via the quorum system, then also require minimum six violations order deactivate node. order trick this system, attacker will need selected six times row. otherwise, violations will cancelled out the system other nodes are selected the quorum system. attacker controlled masternodes total masternodes required picked times row probability success (n/t)r gobyte required .e- ,gbx .e- ,gbx .e- ,gbx ,gbx ,,gbx table the probability tricking the system representing one individual masternode failing proof- the selection masternodes pseudo random based the quorum system. masternode protocol the masternodes are propagated around the network using series protocol extensions including masternode announce message and masternode ping message. these two messages are all that needed make node active the network, beyond these there are other messages for executing proof-of-service request, privatesend and instantsend. masternodes are originally formed sending ,gbx specific address wallet that will "activate" the node making capable being propagated across the network. secondary private key created that used for signing all further messages. the latter key allows the wallet completely locked when running standalone mode. cold mode made possible utilizing the secondary private key two separate machines. the primary "hot" client signs the ,gbx input including the secondary signing private key the message. soon after the "cold" client sees message including its secondary key and activates masternode. this allows the "hot" client deactivated (client turned off) and leaves possibility attacker gaining access the ,gbx gaining access the masternode after activation. upon starting, masternode sends "masternode announce" message the network, containing: message: gbx input, reachable address, signature, signature time, gbx public key, secondary public key, donation public key, donation percentage) every minutes thereafter, ping message sent proving the node still alive. message: gbx input, signature (using secondary key), signature time, stop) after time-to-live has expired the network will remove inactive node from the network, causing the node not used clients paid. nodes can also ping the network constantly, but they not have their ports open, they will eventually flagged inactive and not paid. propagation the masternode list new clients entering the gobyte network must made aware the currently active masternodes the network able utilize their services. soon they join the mesh network, command sent their peers asking for the known list masternodes. cache object used for clients record masternodes and their current status, when clients restart they will simply load this file rather than asking for the full list masternodes. payments via mining and enforcement ensure that each masternode paid it's fair share the block reward, the network must enforce that blocks pay the correct masternode. miner non-compliant their blocks must rejected the network, otherwise cheating will incentivized. masternodes form quorums, select winning masternode and broadcast their message. after messages have been broadcast select the same target payee, consensus will formed and the chosen block will required pay that masternode. when mining the network, pool software (websites that merge the efforts individual miners) use the rpc api interface get information about how make block. pay the masternodes, this interface must extended adding secondary payee getblocktemplate. pools then propagate their successfully mined blocks, with split payment between themselves and masternode. ensure that each masternode paid it's fair share the block reward, the network must enforce that blocks pay the correct masternode. miner non-compliant their blocks must rejected the network, otherwise cheating will incentivized. privatesend believe important have standard trustless implementation for improving privacy users the reference client. other clients such electrum, android and iphone will also have the same anonymity layer implemented directly and utilize the protocol extensions. this allows users common experience anonymizing funds using well understood system. privatesend improved and extended version coinjoin. addition the core concept coinjoin, employ series improvements such decentralization, strong anonymity using chaining approach, denominations and passive aheadof-time mixing.the greatest challenge when improving privacy and fungibility cryptocurrency doing way that does not obscure the entire blockchain. bitcoin based cryptocurrencies, one can tell which outputs are unspent and which are not. these are commonly called utxo, which stands for unspent transaction output. this results public ledger that allows any user act guarantor the integrity transactions. the bitcoin protocol designed function without the participation trusted counterparties. their absence, critical that auditing capabilities remain readily accessible the users through the public blockchain. our goal improve privacy and fungibility without losing these key elements that believe make successful currency.by having decentralized mixing service within the currency, gain the ability keep the currency itself perfectly fungible. fungibility attribute money, that dictates that all units currency should remain equal. when you receive money within currency, should not come with any history from the previous users the currency the users should have easy way disassociate themselves from that history, thus keeping all coins equal. the same time, any user should able act auditor guarantee the financial integrity the public ledger without compromising others privacy. improve the fungibility and keep the integrity the public blockchain, gobyte uses ahead-of-time decentralized trustless mixing strategy. effective keeping the currency fungible, this service directly built into the currency, easy use and safe for the average user. tracing coinjoin amounts common strategy existing bitcoin implementations coinjoin simply merging transactions together. this exposes the users various methods following the users' coins through these joined transactions. figure example coinjoin transaction with users identify the source the money, one simply has add the values the right until they match one the values the left. this gets exponentially more difficult more users are added the mixer. however, these sessions can retroactively deanonymized any point the future. other proposed implementations coinjoin, possible that user anonymizes money then eventually sends change from that transaction exchange other entity that knows the user's identity. this breaks the anonymity and allows the entity walk backwards through that user's transactions. call this type attack "forward linking": figure forward change linking this example, alice anonymizes .btc, which goes two outputs, btc and .btc. she then spends .btc from the btc output, receiving change .btc. that .btc then goes identifiable source, confirming alice also spent the .btc the prior transaction. identify the sender the anonymous transaction, start the "exchange" transaction and backwards the blockchain till you get the "alice sends .btc anonymously". the exchange, you know was your user who just recently bought something anonymously, thus breaking the anonymity completely. call this type attack "through change linking". figure forward change linking the second example, alice buys btc from coinbase then anonymizes this amount into btc output. she then spends the btc, receives change the amount .btc and then combines that with her .btc earlier change. combining the change from the anonymous transaction (.btc) and the change she received from the coinjoin transaction, you can link the entire history before and after, completely breaking the anonymity. improved privacy and denial-of-service (dos) resistance privatesend uses the fact that transaction can formed multiple parties and made out multiple parties merge funds together way where they cannot uncoupled thereafter. given that all privatesend transactions are setup for users pay themselves, the system highly secure against theft and users coins always remain safe. currently mix using privatesend requires least three participants. figure forward change linking improve the privacy the system whole use common denominations .gbx, gbx, gbx and gbx. each mixing session, all users should submit the same denominations inputs and outputs. addition denominations, fees should removed from the transactions and charged bulk separate, sporadic unlink able transactions. address possible dos attacks, all users submit transaction collateral the pool when joining. this transaction will made out themselves and will pay high fee miners. the case when user submits request the mixing pool, they must provide collateral the beginning this exchange. any point any user fails cooperate, refusing sign for example, the collateral transaction will automatically broadcasted. this will make expensive sustained attack the privacy network. passive anonymization funds and chaining privatesend limited ,gbx per session and requires multiple sessions thoroughly anonymize significant amounts money. make the user experience easy and make timing attacks very difficult, privatesend runs passive mode. set intervals, user's client will request join with other clients via masternode. upon entry into the masternode, queue object propagated throughout the network detailing the denominations the user looking anonymize, but information that can used identify the user. each privatesend session can thought independent event increasing the anonymity user's funds. however, each session limited three clients, observer has one three chances being able follow transaction. increase the quality anonymity provided, chaining approach employed, which funds are depth the chain possible users (n)r table how many users could possibly involved mixing sessions. security considerations transactions are merged, masternodes can possibly "snoop" users' funds they pass through. this not considered serious limitation due the requirement for masternode's hold ,gbx and the fact that users utilize random masternodes that they select host their joins. the probability following transaction throughout chaining event can calculated follows: attacker controlled masternodes total masternodes depth the chain probability success (n/t)r gobyte required .e- ,gbx .e- ,gbx .e- ,gbx .e- ,gbx .e- ,gbx .e- ,gbx ,,gbx ,,gbx ,,gbx ,,gbx ,,gbx ,,gbx table the probability follow privatesend transaction the network given the attacker controls nodes. where: the total number nodes controlled the attacker the total number masternodes the network the depth the chain the selection masternodes random. considering the limited supply gbx thousands the time writing, march and the low liquidity available the market, becomes impossibility attain large enough number masternodes succeed such attack. extending the system blinding masternodes the transactions taking place their node will also greatly enhance the security the system. masternode blinding via relay system previously described the probabilities following single transaction through multiple sessions privatesend mixing. this can further addressed blinding masternodes, they cannot see which inputs/outputs belong which users. this simple relay system has been implemented that users can use protect their identity. instead user submitting the inputs and outputs directly into the pool, they will pick random masternode from the network and request that relays the inputs/ outputs/signatures the target masternode. this means that the masternode will receive sets inputs/outputs and sets signatures. each set belongs one the users, but the masternode can't know which belongs which. instant transactions via instantsend utilizing masternode quorums, users are able send and receive instant irreversible transactions. once quorum has been formed, the inputs the transaction are locked only spendable specific transaction, transaction lock takes about four seconds set currently the network. consensus reached lock the masternode network, all conflicting transactions conflicting blocks would rejected thereafter, unless they matched the exact transaction the lock place. this will allow vendors use mobile devices place traditional pos systems for real world commerce and users quickly settle face-to-face non-commercial transactions with traditional cash. this done without central authority. extensive overview this feature can found the instantsend white paper. gobyte point sale(pos) terminals specification the pos terminal has magnetic card reader that supports magnetic track bidirectional reading, high coercivity magnetic card reading, supports iso iso-,,,,, iso standard magnetic card reading and supports .m/s m/s swiping card speed. for the card reader, the terminal supports card and isocpu card, conform pboc and emv standards. the contactless card reader, which optional for the merchants, has the following specifications: .mhz support type a/b, mifare one card. the sam card reader: one piece, conform iso standard. rely the codes order ease the copy-pasting the address and amount needed sent, the terminal will have built-in d/d barcode reader. from communication point view, the terminal will use gprs connectivity. for the battery and size, the terminal will have built-in rechargeable lithium battery: mah and should around .mm size. certifications that the terminal own are: ccc cert, telecom access cert. emv/pboc level level cert. pboc non-contact level level cert. pin input device security certification unionpay direct connect pos application test unionpay network cert. for cpu and memory, high performance -bit security processor and large capacity memory will used. so, creating crypto card for the crypto world that able operate inside the crypto world only should huge step ahead for gobyte and crypto world. the expected price the pos terminal around usd, without the shipping fees, and the expected supply should around pieces per month. the supported languages should english, spanish, portuguese, french, german, polish, japanese, russian according your request. the merchants will not pay any installation/customization fee, except the pos terminal price shipment fee, the installation the "pay" module and any update customization will supported the gobyte network team. the won't any minimum maximum amount order. the terminal can bought with gobyte tokens only. so, hope that this way will provide easy way for physical merchants accept payments the go, from restaurants cloth stores also allow the creation our own crypto cards for the gobyte network. gobyte premine distribution total premine: gbx allocated for masternode auctions and paid advertising, amount gbx allocated for bounties and events, amount gbx allocated for further development and growth gobyte's network, amount gbx allocated for developer's personal use, amount gbx important premine movements nov first gobyte masternodes auction nov second gobyte masternodes auction nov coinsmarkets listing nov mnrank.com listing nov masternode.online listing nov masternodes.pro listing nov cryptopia listing dec coinexchange listing jan hitbtc listing additional improvements neoscrypt hashing algorithm the life cycle bitcoin, mining began with hobbyists which used central processing units (cpus) mine the currency, then shortly after graphical processing units (gpus) software was created, which quickly replaced the cpus. years after the gpus cycle, asics application specific integrated circuits were created, which quickly replaced the gpus. due the complexity and die size required create asic for mining neoscrypt, expect that will take considerably longer than did bitcoin, allowing for hobbyists take part the mining for longer period time. believe this highly important for good distribution and growth cryptocurrency. another benefit the chaining hashing approach high end cpus give average return similar that gpus. also, gpus have been reported run cooler, with less wattage than the scrypt algorithm used most current cryptocurrencies. mining supply different approach restricting the inflation mining taken gobyte, using reduction the supply per year. this done instead the halving implemented other currencies. addition, supply each block directly tied the number miners the network; more miners results lower mining rewards. production gobyte scheduled carry throughout several years, slowly grinding down until finally near the year when production will cease. proof work the gobyte network will rely proof work consensus algorithm. mentioned previously, proof work the process which miners, individuals who dedicate their computational resources solve difficult mathematical challenges, prove that they have done the necessary work required the network validate blocks, which are data containers for large list new transactions. referred consensus algorithm because majority overall mining processing power needed order enforce any new protocol update proposal. motivate miners participate the mining process and cover their costs, the first miner find new block compensated for their efforts. this introduces element economic competition between miners and prevents the network from being attacked attacks become too costly and thus, economically unviable. gobyte uses the asic-resistant neoscrypt algorithm previously mentioned, any party can participate the mining process regardless their device type and hardware capabilities, which prevents the concentration and centralization decision-making power the hands the few and enables true democratic process. gobyte's block time set seconds, meaning the network aims for blocks created every seconds. this aim facilitated what known difficulty retargeting algorithm, which increases decreases the difficulty finding block proportion the total hashing rate (processing power) being contributed the network. if, for example, the hashing rate suddenly doubles, the difficulty will increase ensure that blocks are not recovered every seconds and vice versa. this extreme importance have witnessed the danger frozen blockchain with bitcoin, whose retargeting algorithm adjusts every blocks, every days minutes per blocks. this means that mining power suddenly drops (due lowered mining profitability for instance), will take the network two weeks lower the difficulty accordingly, during which time the blockchain could grind halt. prevent this from happening, gobyte's algorithm adjusts the difficulty level every block, every seconds. have seen, the risks high inflation and its devaluing implications national currencies, gobyte attempts reverse this trend offering ever-decreasing emission rate, which ensures remains disinflationary currency nature. this was designed preserve and protect gobyte's innate coin value. please refer the table below see gobyte's coin emission schedule per stage (or epoch); the distribution miners' rewards vs. masternode operator rewards are listed next each stag. reward allocation pow block rewards (starting november th, for years): block block block masternodes miners masternodes miners masternodes miners block masternodes miners block masternodes miners block masternodes miners the following are changes the reward allocations that include implementation governance and the budget for governance. event starting reward reward increase reward increase governance budget superblock annual reward reduction miner masternode percentage reduced date block block (genesis block), gobyte were created (premine) order set masternodes and support and stabilize the gobyte network (at gobyte per node collateral). these are scheduled used later and will not used any other way than helping the further development the gobyte network. lastly, block maturity defined the minimum age block, terms blocks rather than standard time units, before safely considered part the chain. the logic behind this that since each block validates all its predecessors, the more blocks are added top block, the more valid and safe for consideration becomes. the standard block maturity for bitcoin blocks. while gobyte's block maturity set blocks, given gobyte's far quicker block time minutes, block can considered mature under hours, giving the network very solid foundation for security references. dark gravity wave dgw dark gravity wave open source difficulty-adjusting algorithm for bitcoinbased cryptocurrencies that was first used darkcoin/dash and has been adopted other digital currencies. dgw was authored evan duffield, the developer and creator x/darkcoin/ dash, response time-warp exploit found kimoto's gravity well. concept, dgw similar kimoto gravity well, adjusting the difficulty levels every block (instead every blocks like bitcoin) using statistical data the last blocks found. this way block issuing times can remain consistent, despite high fluctuations hash power. however, doesn't suffer from the time-warp exploit. version dgw was implemented darkcoin/dash from block onwards order completely alleviate the time-warp exploit. version was implemented gobyte from block november further improve difficulty re-targeting with smoother transitions. also fixes issues with various architectures that had different levels floating-point accuracy through the use integers. neoscrypt algorithm password based key derivation function (kdf) deterministic algorithm used derive cryptographic key from input datum known password. additional input datum known salt may employed order increase strength the algorithm against attacks using pre-computed hashes also known rainbow tables. the derived key length may specified usually, and one the most popular uses kdfs key stretching. increases effective length user password constructing enhanced key provide with better resistance against brute force attacks. another popular use password storage. keeping user passwords unencrypted form very undesired may possible for attacker gain access the password file and retrieve the passwords stored immediately. brute force attacks may the only possible approach against strong kdfs. this kind attack can parallelized usually great extent. high requirements computational resources such processor time and memory space allow reduce parallelization efficiency and keep these attacks expensive far beyond reasonable limits. the name suggests, neoscrypt further development scrypt described percival. aimed increased security and better performance general purpose computer hardware while maintaining comparable costs and requirements. this document focuses functional differences between neoscrypt and scrypt. scrypt specification the most popular implementation scrypt employed many cryptocurrencies since abbreviated usually the primary parameter defining number memory segments used and must power may also described through nfactor. trades they don't require party. furthermore, atomic swaps have the added benefit utilizing very specific type smart contract, being hash and time lock. this means that user sends their funds certain address which then locks the funds. user then fails come through certain agreed upon time, the funds are unlocked, the transaction reversed the blockchain and user gets their funds back. our implementation atomic swaps, wish take the concept further and make component payment transaction. rather than limiting users paying for something using gobyte pay just gbx, our goal create seamless method for shopper that has eth able purchase from gobyte merchant connecting their wallets and creating swap with other users gobyte bank real time. atomic swaps will implemented the near future. order perform on-chain atomic swap between two cryptocurrencies, there are several prerequisites factor in. both chains must support: branched transaction scripts the same hashing algorithm signature checks for transaction scripts on-chain atomic swaps are mostly useful cases where users want perform exchange that characterized larger trade that not subject particular time constraint. since the process involves on-chain transactions, the speed the process bound the mining staking blocks both chains, and the slower the two that. this can take roughly hour when transacting with the bitcoin blockchain. additionally, users must pay transaction fees for both the swap and the redemption transaction each chain, which can have non-trivial cost with bitcoin. furthermore, since these swaps are on-chain, there are some privacy implications that users should aware of. the swap transaction each chain include the same hashed value, meaning that anyone who surveils the corresponding blockchains can link the coins one side the swap the coins the other side. further down the road, gobyte will implement solutions for off-chain transactions that will eliminate the concerns outlined above. security analysis vital assumption proof-of-stake models assuming honest nodes hold least stake and are online and participating staking. this also required the security analysis. follow the correct chain building next block honest nodes should always build upon the latest valid block containing the lowest weighted value from hash-chain usually this will result chain composed blocks containing consecutive winning hash-chain weighted reveal values. practice the node implementation currently uses matrix received blocks buffer) which sits memory and blocks length, sat atop the chain. buffer rules always build upon block sequence with consecutive lowest adjusted hashchain value whilst the buffer blocks deep) this may result nodes discarding later blocks the buffer and building upon 'stronger' but shorter chain occasion when block arrives late new blocks arriving deeper than are ignored. fork rules true chain forks may only occur which are more than blocks deep and less than blocks from the current blockheight (assuming signatures are correct both sides the fork), where the length the buffer and the number blocks replay attack protection offered set hash-chains. for fork (deeper than above blocks) choose the side the fork with the most cumulative stake the reveals the blockheader each block. nodes should not consider forks: deeper than which cross epoch transition, which grow the chain forward into the future fraudulently (assessed ntp-corrected blockheader timestamps). new stakers should always build top the chain with highest stake score per double spend conventional double spending attempts may occur displacing one transaction with another different transaction which confirmed earlier into block. give certainty that the transaction history the chain may not change fork depth blocks, necessary then wait for confirmations. nothing stake when fork happens, honest nodes should build top the strongest chain sequence stake-weighted hash-chain reveal. however, there theoretical reason for nodes not also try build top weaker permutations. new blocks require signatures from winners, possible for the whole network see node trying build top wrong chain. possible put penalty this, for example all coins that attacker can transferred all honest nodes, creating incentive behave honest but also another incentive participate staking. the authors feel this attack theoretical honest node behaviour the event two reveal votes arriving from particular stake validator discard the second vote automatically. long range attacks hash replay attack this case, attacker tries make completely different fabricated chain his favour from earlier blockheight. this will non-trivial achieve for the following reasons: the attacker must create chain the current blockheight with valid winning blocks (each containing valid xmss signature the blockheader from the victorious stake validator). the epoch progresses the hash indexes earlier hash-chain reveals are known the network. prevent earlier stake validator votes being replayed falsely demonstrate stake validator support for the attacker fork, second reveal hash for each validator (hash-chain reveal hash) must also supplied. given set reorg limit blocks can sure that this strategy unlikely succeed. the only mitigation the attacker can achieve remove stake validator reveal votes unable replay into the forged block but this will result less total amount committed stake per block, which turn means honest nodes will continue follow the correct/ original chain during fork recovery process. the honest nodes will accept fork less than blocks deep, the attacker wants construct fork least blocks deep. furthermore, needs win each block honestly for two reasons: get more cumulative stake weight and able construct valid signature, does not get that from other winners. assuming the attacker has about stake (this means assume the strongest attacker possible), his probability winning all block equals (/)x. having the correct hash reveal chain which take chains, stakers, equals most xk. the total success probability attacking the chain and the hash- reveals honest staker equals taking blocks deep buffer and only stakers, get success probability other words, the attacker has compute hashvalues (similar mining) get correct malicious blockchain. this will take significant amount time current computers. top that, the honest chain will also move forwards, which means needs this attack faster than one new block creation. not see this possible. the future, both value and number chains set can increased easily for improved security. block withholding attacks block withholding attack attack which the block winner does not reveal that won the block, but withholds his advantage instead. block withholding attack our protocol cannot occur keeping the block more than blocks, after that reorg changes are allowed the main chain which then becomes immutable. withholding winning reveal hash costs the attacker the block reward the block. furthermore, our protocol instructs nodes which believe they are close the winning vote also produce blocks which may selected the true winner fails construct block timely manner. pre-mining (of hash-chain you might think that someone can pre-mine his hash-chain get highest probability winning block. however, there are two main reasons why this fails. since the initial seed constructed using randomness all participants, attacker can account for what this seed will be. this means attacker cannot know how optimize his hash-chain win the most blocks. furthermore, the seed updated for each block attacker cannot look further than one block, which the same behavior proof-of-work. references bitcoin core team, t., bitcoin developer reference. available at: https://bitcoin.org/en/developerreference#block-headers crosby, m., nachiappan, pattanayak, p., verma, s., al., blockchain technology. available at: http://scet.berkeley.edu/wp-content/uploads/blockchainpaper.pdf kiraly, b., instantsend. available at: https://dashpay.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/doc/pages// instantsend kiraly, b., privatesend. available at: https://dashpay.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/doc/pages/ privatesend nakamoto, s., bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. available at: https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf okupski, k., bitcoin developer reference., pp.-. available at: https://lopp.net/pdf/bitcoin_developer_ reference.pdf strophy, understanding sporks. available at: https://dashpay.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/doc/pages// understanding+sporks wiecko, r., dash instamine issue clarification. available at: https://dashpay.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/oc/pages//dash+instamine+issue+clarification jakiman, pivx purple paper. available at: https://pivx.org/wp-content/uploads///pivx-purple-papertechnincal-notes.pdf john doering, neoscrypt,a strong memory intensive key derivation function available at: http://phoenixcoin.org/archive/ neoscrypt_v.pdf