disclaimer nothing herein constitutes offer sell, the solicitation offer buy, any tokens, nor shall there any offer, solicitation, sale gochain tokens. you should carefully read and consider fully the information contained herein this white paper and any subsequent updates. every potential token contributor will required undergo onboarding registration process. this includes know your customer (kyc) identity verification and proof address documentation. please make sure consult with your appropriate legal and investment advisors before contributing our token sale. this white paper describes our current vision for the gochain platform. while intend attempt realize this vision, please recognize that dependent quite number factors and subject quite number risks. entirely possible that the gochain platform will never widely implemented adopted, that only portion our vision will realized. not guarantee, represent, warrant any the statements this white paper, because they are based our current beliefs, expectations, and assumptions, about which there can assurance, due various anticipated and/or unanticipated events that may may not occur. please know that plan work hard seeking achieve our vision but that you cannot rely any coming true. blockchain, cryptocurrencies, and other aspects our technology and markets are their infancy and will subject many challenges, competition, and rapidly changing environment. will try update our community grow and evolve, but undertake obligation so. introduction cryptocurrency and smart contracts are changing the world economy. from currency perspective, what was previously impossible most the world transferring money globally instant now not only possible, it's safe, fast, easy and almost frictionless. smart contracts are also rapidly changing the way business done. smart contract computer protocol intended digitally facilitate, verify, enforce the negotiation performance contract. smart contracts allow the performance credible transactions without third parties. these transactions are trackable and irreversible. the potential uses cryptocurrency and smart contracts via the blockchain are revolutionary and have the potential disrupt almost every industry and institution imaginable. but, there are problems making this vision reality. the largest and most immediate problems are blockchain its current form not scalable, lacks real decentralization, and using absurd amounts energy that not sustainable. intend fix those problems with immediacy! executive summary gochain, standalone blockchain, next generation smart contract platform. it's built upon improved ethereum codebase that solves the scaling problem with immediacy. currently have working testnet showing excess transactions per second ongoing with stability and has been running high transactions per second. vitalik buterin, one the founders ethereum, has labeled scalability trilema where all problems need solved simultaneously: scalability decentralization security right now ethereum can only process transactions per second and such their network capacity, yet it's the industry standard. there are other players coming into the space trying build new blockchains solve this scalability issue but that won't solve the ethereum scaling problem. next, many these new blockchain solutions are months out. over the smart contracts are ethereum based and they need immediate solution. and, that's where gochain comes in. will not only solve the ethereum scaling problem with immediacy, but anyone currently using ethereum will able seamlessly transfer our network without making any code changes get: more decentralization increase speed improvement energy consumption let's take these one one and break them down because this tremendously difficult problem solve and it's controversial one. was easy you wouldn't reading this white paper. let's start with decentralization because that's probably one the most controversial topics today. the promise truly decentralized network and the currently reality are two dramatically different things. the time this writing companies china account for all the mining activity for all the major coins/tokens including ethereum. that about far from true decentralization you can get, yet the purists still want argue its merits. obviously disagree and further acknowledge that true decentralization its purest form not possible today without making some sacrifices get close possible. so, then what the next best solution and how solve this decentralization problem? our solution take step back towards the middle, this case towards centralization, take leap forward creating the most decentralized solution possible. sometimes you have take step two back make leap forward. are doing this changing the consensus algorithm from proof work (pow) proof reputation (por). por upgraded, stronger, and more secure form proof authority (poa). poa the transactions and blocks are validated approved accounts known validators. poa has typically been used private networks and most recently few companies that have adopted use individuals the validators whose identities are publicly disclosed and stake. exchange for staking their identities they are rewarded and monetarily incentivized process transactions. with the individual's identities disclosed this meant disincentivize them from being bad actors because would damage their reputation. don't think this goes far enough because the value the network grows the incentive cheat will become larger and larger. this why we've come with por which uses companies validators not individuals. company with reputation has lot more lose than individual and much stronger deterrent bad actor because the risk much larger. company caught cheating would not only risking its reputation. would risking its entire market cap and the reputation the officers and shareholders the company. would have significantly more lose than any one individual. taking step further plan use companies different countries the validators force decentralization. spreading the validators across different companies with reputations stake should create almost perfect decentralization and make the network very difficult compromised. furthermore, spreading the nodes geographically one government, like the china, can come and take over the network. these two considerations should deter any attacks. how will the validators chosen? initially, gochain will choose the validators and then the selection process will turned over the network. what kind companies will they be? think, venture backed startups with burn rate, partners, angel investors, and new product service. using these types companies larger there huge incentive maintain network integrity protect their market cap and professional integrity. next, how move from transactions second tps? are solving this partially moving por and dealing with the large amounts data ways that allow for much faster speeds. again, this not easy issue solve. the data storage issue alone transactions per second produces gigabytes data hour. should noted that any offchain solutions such plasma raiden will able work top gochain make even faster. lastly, switching por will able dramatically decrease the energy utilization needed process the blocks. the network effect will somewhere between greener terms energy utilization. have world class dev team lead travis reeder the former founder iron.io. also have iron's former director engineering romana kononov. while iron they pioneered serverless cloud computing over million transactions per second. also our team ben johnson the author boltdb. such, think are uniquely qualified solve this particular ethereum scaling problem. moving forward plan launch the next generation smart contracts. think smart contracts should "smart" with the ability changed, altered, paused, and/or terminated over time conditions and/or agreements change. just like the real world. our mainnet will launch the end may followed smart contract upgrades and further network speed increases the end plan upgrade our network excess tps the speed ethereum. background ... speed and volume. public, decentralized cryptocurrencies suffer from slow transactions and low transaction volume. bitcoin can only process transactions per second [], ethereum can only process per second []. additionally, the time verify transactions can range from several minutes several hours depending current volume contrast, visa, inc. averages million transactions every day and capable handling more than transactions per second []. public cryptocurrencies are too slow for real world processing orders magnitude. ... energy consumption. the process mining blocks uses enormous amount energy because consensus algorithm called proof-of-work (pow) []. pow requires non-trivial computational work mining nodes which, turn, makes cost prohibitive for bad actor perform malicious acts. this computational workload requires energy. today, million households could powered with the energy used run the bitcoin network, while ethereum uses the equivalent power million households [], []. this unacceptable and unsustainable. ... decentralization. decentralization central tenant cryptocurrencies. ensures one company government can control it. however, practice most mining has moved china where electricity cheapest [], []. all blocks are mined large chinese mining companies. this true bitcoin, bitcoin cash, ethereum and top cryptocurrencies []. the event company collusion government privatization, attacks would possible. ... rigid contracts. ethereum provides unique feature called smart contracts. these smart contracts allow users write small, unmodifiable programs that ensure all involved parties are committed set rules with absolute certainty. this has been successful that nearly every ico the past year has run ethereum's smart contract system. these smart contracts, however, are not smart all. they are extremely rigid contracts that are unable adapt changes like real world contracts would. parties involved contract have ability upgrade their contract necessary adjust terms fix bugs contract code. successful attacks have been mounted against smart contracts and there are several known attacks [], []. previous work ... proof-of-work algorithm. proof-of-work (pow) [], consensus algorithm that commonly used cryptocurrencies. pow was originally invented means combat spam []; you make computationally expensive send email then spamming would cost prohibitive while still being almost free for normal user send email. the same concept used cryptocurrencies prevent malicious actions making prohibitively expensive modify the blockchain. cryptocurrency networks, "miners" are special nodes that perform the pow calculation set transactions plus the hash the previous block generate the next block the blockchain. since the block contains the hash the previous block, changing historical block would require regenerating all the subsequent blocks. regenerating all the hashes would computationally intensive and would require lot energy and energy isn't free. would also time consuming. the process proving work and generating blocks called "mining". miners are rewarded for this work with newly minted coins adding the total supply. although pow has helped move towards secure distributed ledger system, suffers from poor performance, lack decentralization, and excessive energy consumption. ... proof-of-stake algorithm. proof-of-stake (pos) another consensus algorithm which pseudo-randomly chooses validators based their stake the network. the idea that those with the most coins circulation have the most lose they are positioned work the interest the network. this approach avoids the cost computing hashes, however, makes assumptions about the interests its members being line with the network. validators within the pos network are anonymous users who are identified only their wallet address. this pro-vides additional accountability over pow for bad actors who can amass significant wealth the network. second, transaction fees will those who already have the most money within the network and large wealth requirements exclude poorer coinholders from validation. finally, while pos reduces energy consumption its goal not oriented towards high performance. initial targets for ethereum's casper implementation are only tps. ... proof-of-authority algorithm. proof-of-authority new consensus algorithm where trusted set individuals provide all transaction processing. this trust allows transaction processing speed improve significantly skipping the pow hash computation. few networks exist but they currently only focus private networks not focus performance goal. many also not have compatibility with the ethereum network. one public network relies the state-level notary public system verify the identity individuals who will act validators the network []. candidates requesting validator status submit proof physical address, bank account, social network, and mobile phone verify their real-world identity. while poa removes the the computational burden mining, trusting individuals for transaction processing breaks down scale for several reasons. first, there disparity between the net worth the network versus the market cap the network. this what the pos system attempts solve. assuming average net worth individual the united states [], the total net worth the validators $,: even the number validators increased order magnitude, the total net worth the validators tiny fraction the $.t transactions processed visa, inc. every year []. this disparity introduces strong incentive for bribery. second, validators must post their physical address publicly which opens the potential for intimidation physical threats. terrorist organization rogue state can mount attack large scale financial system controlling half these validators. finally, most individuals lack the experience and infrastructure run secure transaction processing system. this significantly increases the network's exposure malicious hacking. implementation proof-of-reputation gochain uses proof reputation (por) consensus model that depends the reputation its participants keep the network secure. participant must have reputation that important enough that they would face dire consequences they were cheat the system-in both financial terms and branding. most businesses would face serious consequences they were caught cheating financial network. larger companies with more lose will chosen over smaller companies with less lose. once company proves reputation, they may voted into the network authoritative node and this point, operates just like proof authority network (poa). only authoritative nodes can sign and validate blocks. are building ethereum's network because much more than just store value. that why believe it's the best cryptocurrency and blockchain the market today and why are using starting point. all ethereum wallets and development tools will compatible with gochain. why reputation? reputation critical business. business that acts unethical way suffers many levels including fines, loss revenue, decrease valuation, branding, and public relations. trust cornerstone successful business and once brand loses trust with their customers, can take years repair. the volkswagen emissions scandal perfect example. they operated alone deceive the public and their own customers. once caught, was financial and public relations disaster which caused drop stock price and billion fine []. gochain uses this model allow companies keep each other check and keep the network secure. imagine volkswagen worked with ford, toyota and others validate and verify each other's emissions tests. unlikely that volkswagen could have gotten away with their fraudulent emissions tests. they had attempted then they would quickly voted out the consortium and lose their rights part the network. por more attractive the broader business community than untrusted networks based pow pos. risk-adverse companies will able rely known brands the same way they trust companies like visa, inc. jpmorgan chase co. por, everyone knows exactly who they are trusting with their data. measuring reputation reputation impossible measure precisely but are weighing several important metrics our decision: market cap publicly traded brand significance companies with large market cap have more lose than small cap companies. use this metric when evaluating companies because the value the member companies needs parity with the value the processing network disincentivize cheating. next look whether company publicly privately held. the effect reputation affects publicly traded companies more directly and immediately than private companies. unethical decision the network can impact public company's stock price minutes. finally, give preference companies which require strong public brands for their business. for example, loss reputation for company like coca-cola apple will more impactful than for coal mining company. authorized signers authorized signers are trusted nodes that create blocks, sign them, and distribute them other nodes. similar miners proof-of-work (pow) system that they create blocks and sign them but without the mining cost. list authorized signers will maintained the blockchain. only authorized nodes can sign blocks and all blocks are verified that this true checking the signer the authorized list. the signing algorithm essentially the same signature algorithm pow but with different set headers. pow-specific headers will removed and additional headers added enable voting. given authorized signers, signer may only sign block every (n/) this ensures that someone would need control signers perform malicious attack []. ... incentives rewards. authorized signers will rewarded gochain coins (goc) per block signed. initially this rate will the total tokens which new tokens year one. this rate will decrease over time. the amount per block will depend the finalized block times. block times are seconds for example, then the node would rewarded average tokens per signed block the first year. there will also small transaction fees that the author- itative node that signs the block containing the transactions will keep. figure total goc (in billions) the consensus protocol ensures fairness and liveness incentivizing the assigned signer block perform the signing but also allowing other blocks sign the assigned signer unavailable. the assigned signer for block determined round-robin lookup the authorized signer list. the assigned signer doesn't respond then then other signers can sign lower block difficulty level. see algorithm algorithm signing blocks voting gochain has implemented two-phase voting process. for the initial rollout, the gochain foundation will add the first signers the authorization list. these original signers will companies from multiple industries and spread out across multiple countries. this will help ensure forced decentralization and avoid interference any single government. once authorized signers have been established then voting control will handed over the signers govern themselves. this voting process shown algorithm the poa implementation repurposes several block headers pass voting information between nodes. signer verification companies which operate authorized signer nodes will through verification process ensure their identity correct. these validation steps will automated through the use smart contracts the blockchain. the poa implementation provides point-in-time signer voting state that can build upon provide full transparency end users. combined with the verification data stored within smart contracts, users can what companies are running which nodes any given point. ... company verification. the first verification step requires companies provide their dun bradstreet u-n-s number. this identifier allows voters obtain d&b report the company view official contact information. this information will used establish communication. see figure algorithm vote add/remove signer ... dns verification. secondary verification step re- quires companies add txt entry their dns records with random token. this common practice when verifying domain ownership []. gochain will host dapp which generates tokens for requestors and validates dns records. authorized signing nodes can use this dapp view the verification. see figure figure dns verification sequence checkpoints checkpoint signed snapshot the current state the entire blockchain particular block number. will contain all non-zero account balances and smart contract states. once checkpoint generated, all the previous blocks and data can removed. when new node started, will download recent checkpoint, then continue retrieving blocks and state from that point on. this will save hours, not days, getting sync. this means node can and running minutes. gochain will provide publicly-available, read-only api retrieve any historical block anyone can look data keys. this will open-source anyone can run this keep full history. encourage for further verification and accountability. this will make easier build third party services such block explorers. performance and optimizations ... speed and volume transactions. using trusted nodes, transactions can verified very quickly and the volume transactions the network can handle increases orders magnitude. similar systems use every day that can handle high volumes, like google search visa payments, those systems can handle high load only because they trust the servers and the network they are running on. other factors such block size and gas limits are artificially low because the computation power required pow. trusting the consensus nodes can increase the volume the network more than ethereum can currently handle. trusted consensus used outside cryptocurrencies systems such etcd which can reach transaction per second -node cluster using modest hardware [?]. improving throughput critical the growth rate ethereum skyrocketing unsustainable rate. ethereum runs tx/second right now; are targeting tx/second mainnet launch. the two major parameters can tweak are block size (gas limit) and block times. due the fact that have relatively small set signers (vs the number miners pow) with known capabilities, are able increase the block size drastically and reduce the block times. this alone greatly increases the number transactions per second. stated above, the reason you can't increase block size pow that makes the hashing algorithm too hard and too expensive. gochain does not have that limitation. ... energy consumption. using trusted network authoritative nodes means that there will mining. mining means there will battle between computers win blocks and therefore wasted energy. nodes will only require small fraction this energy process transactions, run smart contracts, and verify blocks. ethereum's estimated energy consumption the time this writing twh and rising []. assuming power usage per server [], our -node cluster will only use mwh the energy the ethereum network. ... networking. signers will communicate directly with each other. this means that the node who just finished signing will send the just signed block other signers the authorized signers list before sending replication node. this ensures the authorized signers get the information they need fast possible while offloading blockchain and api queries for the rest the network dedicated replica nodes. the replication layer exists for non-signer nodes (everyone else) request blocks and query the state using read-only api. because the replication layer read-only, can horizontal scale meet the needs global scale set users. figure shows example this -tier network strategy. ... storage. the storage requirements store the entire blockchain quite large- ethereum size hundreds gigabytes and it's growing rapidly. can take hours days synchronize new node which makes impractical for the average user that just wants send transaction. there are newer modes you can run reduce the size such fast and light mode, which reduce the size drastically and that good step the right direction. since gochain will handling more transaction volume, storage becomes much bigger- potentially bigger. this writing, ethereum transactions average bytes and transactions occur per day which produce .mb block data per day .gb per year. increasing throughput orders magnitude will generate .tb block data per year. propagating this across all nodes the ethereum network would require petabytes. limiting the set nodes operating the dataset reduce the network traffic and storage requirements. checkpointing allows nodes only store the small fraction the total blockchain that required for current processing. current cloud pricing usd per gb/month makes storing copy the blockchain history only $,. usd per year block data. ... the future. beyond our initial goals described above, have plan upgrade the smart contract system make easier and less error prone. software almost always contains bugs that are unknown the time release and developers need way fix those bugs. ethereum does not allow you upgrade your contracts and that results $'s millions value being stolen []. intend make writing smart contracts easier write and easier deploy, well making them safer prevent the massive amounts theft that happening. smart contracts need more like the real world, where they can amended, paused, and/or terminated. are also adding standardized rulesets contracts define how and when contracts can modified. expect this will help the adoption smart contracts the broader business community using familiar contract terms. for example, co-op organization may require quorum members change contract while other organizations may require all participants contract agree change. gochain will continue default contracts immutable default for compatibility with ethereum. gochain will also add additional security features such whitelists protect access contracts minimize attack risk. road map tokenomics hard cap eth goes the core team advisors foundation and bounties marketing and legal gochain fund arm fund ecosystem projects reserve with -year lockup token sale -month lockup for advisors team lockup months, months, months, months total token supply ,,, goc token sale soft cap eth token sale hard cap eth approx. new tokens will generated per year for authorized nodes. this will decrease over time. team jason dekker ceo jason serial entrepreneur, former hedge fund manager managing excess million, angel investor, board member and advisor with exit public company. has extensive c-level experience finance, biotech, tech, and the food beverage industries. travis reeder chief software architect travis has over years experience developing high-throughput, high scale applications and cloud services. founded successful technology companies and has raised tens millions funding from some the top firms silicon valley. having solved scaling problems and delivering scalable services for his entire career, now applying that knowledge and experience blockchain. travis holds bachelor's degree computer science. ben johnson sr. software engineer ben johnson open source software developer specializing writing databases and distributed systems. created boltdb, very popular in-process, transactional, key/value store that used many projects including coreos's etcd hashicorp's consul. guilherme rezende sr. software engineer guilherme has extensive software development experience both cloud technology and open source. also blockchain developer and speaker. guilherme holds bachelor's degree computer science. jordan krage sr. software engineer jordan krage software engineer with experience big data and distributed systems. one the developers the (golang) dependency management tool dep. jordan holds master's degree computer science. roman kononov sr. software engineer roman has years experience developing software and leading engineering teams. also has extensive knowledge and experience with cyber security, helping companies protect themselves from threats. roman holds master's degree computer science. advisors matthew skinner founder ethersportz shihab ali chief strategy officer hodl gang chad arimura cloud oracle jameson stafford corporate development catalytic, inc. morgan mackles sales x.ai alex barrett founder and ceo likemoji justin mares founder kettle fire author traction references bitcoin scalability problem, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bitcoin scalability problem blockchains don't scale, https://hackernoon.com/cba visanet handling transactions per minute, https://mybroadband.co.za/news/security/.html average blockchain confirmation time, https://blockchain.info/charts/avg-confirmationtime, https://etherscan.io/chart/pendingtx stop calling bitcoin decentralized, https://medium.com/@homakov/cbddc attack, https://www.investopedia.com/terms//-attack.asp the dao attacked: code issue leads million ether theft, https://www.coindesk.com/ dao-attacked-code-issue-leads--million-ether-theft/ survey attacks ethereum smart contracts, https://eprint.iacr.org//.pdf known attacks, https://consensys.github.io/smart-contract-best-practices/known attacks bitcoin energy consumption, https://digiconomist.net/bitcoin-energy-consumption ethereum energy consumption, https://digiconomist.net/ethereum-energy-consumption proof-of-work, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proof-of-work-system proof-of-work, https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/proof-of-work proof-of-stake, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proof-of-stake pricing via processing, http://www.wisdom.weizmann.ac.il/~naor/ papers/pvp.ps proof authority, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proof-of-authority poa network governance overview, https://github.com/poanetwork/wiki/wiki/governance-overview average net worth americans, http://www.businessinsider.com/heres-the-averagenet-worth-of-americans-at-every-age-- visa, inc., https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visa inc. how paid billion for 'dieselgate' and got off easy http://fortune.com////volkswagen-vw-emissions-scandal-penalties/ scandal: how has impacted volkswagen's stock?, https://www.investopedia.com/news/ vw-scandal-how-has-it-impacted-volkswagens-stockvlkay/ block size and transactions per second, https://www.bitcoinplus.org/blog/block-size-andtransactions-second ethereum block size, https://www.reddit.com/r/ethereum/comments/akqo/what-isethereums-block size/ can please increase the gas limit?, https://www.reddit.com/r/ethereum/comments/hmlm/can-we-please-increase-the-gaslimit/ block size limit controversy, https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/block size-limitcontroversy#arguments opposition increasing the blocksize electricity sector china, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electricity sector-in-china why china mines more bitcoin than any other country, http://www.businessinsider.com/ why-china-mines-more-bitcoin-than-any-other-country- let's encrypt, how works, https://letsencrypt.org/how-it-works/ ethereum transactions historical chart, https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/ethereumtransactions.html ethereum mainnet node explorer, https://www.ethernodes.org/network/ google green computing, https://static.googleusercontent.com/media/ www.google.com/en//green/pdfs/google-green-computing.pdf ethereum energy consumption index, https://digiconomist.net/ethereum-energyconsumption aws pricing, https://aws.amazon.com/s/pricing