white paper version (ico release) last update: november th, blockchain based investment network that makes possible for anyone gain gratification for any and every human activity. website https://goldreward.io telegram announcement channel https://t.me/joinchat/aaaaaehokoexotbeuzfg please use the hashtag #goldreward when sharing social media. facebook page https://www.facebook.com/goldreward-grx-token/ twitter https://twitter.com/goldreward_grx table contents introduction vision problem solution the roadmap the goldreward platform gamification trading platform lending platform affiliate network program direct and indirect bonuses binary bonus balance bonus (staking) mobile wallet app the grx token specification distribution grx ico ico goals grx allocation proposal goldreward contribution procedure ico referral bonuses the future see introduction "our point view gamification all comes down this idea motivating people through data. smart companies can take that data and use that motivate better performance." rajat paharia, cpo cofounder, bunchball vision goldreward's vision make possible reward every aspect human endeavour. picture world where any form effort can quantified and compensated with pinpoint accuracy devoid bias. this will increase motivation and satisfaction any sphere life where our principles and technology are applied. problem the world know repetitive tasks get boring over time. the human mind infinitely elastic and always willing accommodate new things. when intelligent mind does something over and over the cells and organs get into state where they are not stretched. result, this creates normalized set automated processes the body causing the mind either drift off become dormant. this point time the mind will either start day-dreaming (self-hypnosis) switch off. this repeated over and over causes loss energy, lack motivation and ultimately low output. attempts have been made boost productivity through compensation but these have been faced with the problem bias and non-uniformity quantification effort. solution goldreward leverages blockchain technology accurately quantify effort and offer gratification unbiased, secure manner across different aspects daily living including learning, skill acquisition, work, health and fitness. integrating the goldreward api, any organization, platform individual can apply game theory motivate and improve productivity. this technology supported high value reward system that provides liquidity the roadmap the goldreward platform gamification this the application gaming mechanics such points, levels and awards non-gaming environments. gamification leverages our desires for status, achievement, competition and part inclusive social community help make boring tasks more fun. so, gamification applied work would improve productivity and foster healthy environment the workplace. applying gamification fitness and health will improve adherence and achievement goals. gold reward token aims make easier apply game theory any application. application program interface (api) code that allows two software programs communicate with each other. gamification api will help companies, businesses etc able track and reward their workers the workplace, teachers reward their students school, etc, thereby improving productivity the workplace and making learning fun. check out our github repository for more information with interacting with our smart contract gamification api https://github.com/goldreward/grx-token/wiki/getting-started-with-grx trading platform the trading platform simply enables the buying and selling digital currency much like how stocks are bought and sold the stock exchange. financial trading consists buying selling underlying amount financial market with the intention earning speculative profit. the investor buys crypto asset with the intention being able sell for profit. the trading platform which online electronic trading exchange, computer system running software that allows traders open, close, manage market positions, place trades and monitor accounts. investors and members will able earn profits from buying and selling grx the platform, buying low and selling high thereby making some profits. they could also exchange/trade bitcoin ethereum for grx the platform. the trading platform enforces two-factor authentication (fa) log and also during withdrawal protect the user's crypto assets. gold reward also communication with external exchanges including but not limited coinexchange.io, liqui.io, etherdelta.com, coss.io, bittrex.com and cryptopia.co.nz. lending platform our crypto-analytic trade automation engine (cata-e) facilitates high yield exchange tokens with major cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and ethereum exchange platforms. members benefit from this software used automatically analyze market actions, such time, price, orders, and volume. applying this grx, you can get return within days lending grx cata-e. this unique automated trading system (cata-e) makes trades autonomously and continuously, making millions microtransactions which humanly impossible. this results establishing more efficient trading system, and well assist lenders generating profit over time. lending form passive investment for investors who are busy with other activities life and would want their money working for them. the daily profits not guaranteed but varies depending market fluctuations for that day, however the automated trading system cata-e should give monthly roi about maximum your investment amount returned the end your contract period optionally you can reinvest into lending platform continue receiving daily profit. affiliate network program with vision make possible reward every aspect human endeavour, picturing world where any form effort can quantified and compensated through gamification, the goldreward system needs promoted and introduced the rest the world. just like most organisations, our investors and members earn rewards sharing the goldreward opportunity with others and referring new members the goldreward community. goldreward offers healthy bonus program which enables you earn grx for every new user who signs and lends grx our lending platform using your affiliate (referral) link. for those members that are able build team goldreward, affiliate/network bonuses the form direct bonuses, indirect bonuses and binary bonuses are awarded compensation for their effort promoting the system. qualify for these bonuses members should have invested least once through the lending platform. direct and indirect bonuses the system designed provide levels earning potential you based the number lenders under you. you will earn commission every time your direct indirect referral, lends grx the lending platform. direct generation indirect generation generation generation binary bonus this accumulative bonus from the beginning the lending program, and includes total invested amount from member's downlines (both direct and indirect) and spillover from uplines. member will earn the balance both sides, receiving the corresponding percentage the total accrued amount the smaller side based the table above. this amount paid daily from the side with the lesser volume, and the same amount deducted from the side with the higher volume. n.b goldreward reserves the right adjust the commission rate necessary ensure the continued operations the system, however this very unlikely. balance bonus (staking) this way making passive income which similar staking proof stake coins. grx proof work token, however keeping specific amount tokens your wallet, you provide security and stability the system and you get rewarded with more tokens our platform pays you percentage your minimum balance month (please refer the schedule below for percentages). your minimum balance begins count from the first day the month and must maintained through the entire month paid balance bonus. the balance bonus for the previous month paid the day the following month. mobile wallet the gold reward android and ios applications will enable user aggregate and manage their grx token rewards easy and secure way. the grx token specification token name: gold reward token abbreviation: grx total supply: million available grx token supply for ico: million maximum supply: million decimal places: presale date: start oct ico date: start oct algorithm: ethash (proof work) price: presale ico round ico round ico round summary distribution developers and initial investors hold: grx tokens (,, grx) pre-sale: available grx tokens bonus inclusive (,, grx) crowd sale: available grx tokens bonus inclusive (,, grx) total grx tokens are being held developers and strategic investors. this has enabled the grx project kick-off and provide initial funding for advertisement and campaign. grx tokens held strategic investors are locked and cannot transferred traded until months after crowd sale has ended. total grx tokens offered presale fixed rate this includes grx tokens offered bonuses and bounty during presale. crowd sale begin week after presale and will run rounds price levels over maximum period weeks when the available grx tokens are sold out. total grx tokens will offered. this includes grx tokens offered bonuses and bounty during crowd sale. grx ico ico goals the goldreward ico aimed raising funds help complete development the goldreward platform and provide the infrastructure needed offer our services the huge customer base are targeting. the funds will also used for marketing and engagement strategic partners who will beneficial the goldreward ecosystem. grx allocation proposal when goldreward judges its sole discretion both that the client sufficiently developed launch the goldreward project and that appropriate time launch the goldreward project, will issue public announcement recommending what the initial state should be. the initial state shall recommend the allocations grx set forth below. goldreward cannot guarantee contributors that they shall have any allocation and/or creation grx set forth these terms however this terms will guide the allocation process. the initial state, gold reward shall recommend the allocations grx according the principles set forth below: a.a total grx tokens are available the initial state. b.,, grx which make grx available are held the developers and initial investors support the initial takeoff and development the grx platform. under agreement these tokens shall locked until months after completion the crowd sale (public offer) with buy back clause should the goldreward ico meet its fundraising target. c.% grx tokens available for distribution during the contribution period which grx inclusive bonus will offered presale price $.. gold reward shall have sole right distribute some the grx offered the form discounts, bonuses, and promotions. the grx shall allocated automatically following confirmation contribution the relevant blockchain the erc wallet address provided contributor. these tokens shall locked until after completion the crowd sale (public offer). d.crowd sale/ico scheduled begin week after completion presale and will last for weeks except otherwise decided goldreward. for crowd sale, goldreward will offer remaining total grx tokens available for distribution directly into erc wallets provided the contributor. they will released and available for transfer, trading and use along with grx tokens issued pre-sale after successful completion the crowd sale. grx tokens will transferrable grx web wallet that will released shortly after. contributors will have download erc compatible wallet, which will necessary claim grx during the grx token distribution period. technically, the contributor will have transfer his grx tokens the grx web wallet the gold reward platform after the launch the goldreward project, order use his grx. contributor hereby agrees and accepts, that will not gain access his grx, does not download the respective grx compatible wallet, loses the password and/or private key fails secure the grx wallet from unauthorized access. any such case, neither gold reward, nor any other the involved persons will able restore the information and the grx are ultimately lost. the contributor understands and accepts, that the goldreward project will create new grx based the balance bonus (staking) schedule shown above and/or initial rate per year determined prevailing market forces. these rewards will create nominal inflation grx and may therefore lead dilution the overall amount grx. goldreward contribution procedure ... qualification any contribution made gold reward during the contribution period described below qualified non-refundable donation. ...contribution period the official contribution period starts october :am utc and will last for duration days until contributions amounting the maximum contribution amount have been made, whatever earlier ("contribution period"). contributions can made using ether (eth) bitcoins (btc). the minimal contribution amount per contributor will determined grx each stage the contribution. contributor makes contribution less than the minimum contribution amount, any amount below the minimum participation amount will sent back the original eth address. the contribution period shall end automatically when the "maximum contribution amount" has been reached stated the presale and crowdsale/ico pages. ... contribution software and contribution procedure contributions eth btc must made using third party ethereum and bitcoin wallets (e.g. myetherwallet, imtoken wallet other erc compatible wallet) provided the contributor and the contribution software ("contribution software") provided goldreward http://goldreward.io after successful registration during the contribution period. for every successfully made contribution the contribution software, grx token shall allocated the smart contract system the erc wallet address provided the contributor. the number grx tokens within one goldreward wallet represents the quantity grx, goldreward shall propose allocate this wallet proportion the relevant contribution and accordance the mechanism set forth below. any eth btc contribution goldreward without indicating compatible erc eth wallet address will not lead allocation grx tokens and therefore not recommendation grx set forth below (see section d). goldreward aware that contributors may attempt participate via exchangers and other intermediaries. for the sake clarity, has stated that goldreward neither condone such practices nor assume any responsibility arising from this relationship. contributor has make his/her contribution the scs described within the contribution software. the information recorded the scs regarding the contributions, especially source, amount, value and timing, will used the scs order allocate grx tokens the respective contributor. during the contribution period, the goldreward team (everyone involved with the execution this contribution process), may any time stop the contribution function for any reason. long such contribution freeze upheld the contribution period aborted, further contribution will possible. the contribution period can resumed the goldreward team, soon decides, according its own discretion. ico referral bonus referral bonus during the ico refers grx allocated investor percentage investments made persons he/she has introduced the goldreward platform. the tokens are credited the goldreward account the sponsor. applies only during the ico/contribution period and different from the direct, indirect and binary earnings that will apply the lending platform. referral bonus will offered during the contribution period according the formula below: the future see goldreward have dreamt the future and are taking the steps make that dream reality. are highly motivated, positive and extremely optimistic about the future the goldreward platform. price projection calculation grx token initial state: total circulating grx supply= grx average token price (($. ,,) ($. ,,) ($. ,,) ($. ,,) market capitalization average token price total circulating grx supply $,, six month market capitalization projection based analysis possible grx token adoption and lending platform investment approximately $,,, therefore month price projection $,,, (market cap.) (approx. circulating supply) percentage grx token appreciation from cryptocurrencies backed lending platforms have the potential increase dramatically price won't surprise seeing figures much higher than these conservative projections. thank you! copyright gold reward network all rights reserved www.goldreward.io