golden fever whitepaper contents contents: chapter abstract chapter online gambling market chapter market depth and problems analysis chapter goldenfever platform chapter platform features chapter platforms income allocation chapter goldenfever coin chapter goldenfever coin specification chapter emission scheme chapter marketing chapter roadmap chapter goldenfever: summary chapter links abstract abstract goldenfever peer-to-peer smart-contract gambling platform providing the transparent and fun gaming experience for everyone. supports all the popular smart-contract coins and its native blockchain coin called goldenfever. the platform has wide variety games, complex marketing strategy and small fees applied wins only. the platform shares the profits with its players and members the community who benefits the growth the platform. the platforms income spent supporting gfr coin's price. gfr coin has the implemented technologies proof stake and masternodes, which allows investors create passive income only holding gfr coin. online gambling market online gambling market the gambling industry growing each year. first started casino-boom, the market moving towards online. new gambling websites and platforms are launched every day attracting more and more players. online gambling revenues are growing incredible rate current annual growth rate. billion revenue was earned billion and billion the global online revenues are expected double the end billion revenue. the online betting segment anticipated dominate the market with more than the total market share meanwhile, online gambling has many problems that stop the market rom growing even more online gambling market meanwhile, online gambling has many problems that stop the market from growing even more. player does not know the mathematics behind the games are fair. most the games are made rip off the players. instead the precise algorithm, websites are using complex analysis how much did the player bet. the game decides, when does the player win lose. moreover, wins are made for the player bet and lose more. funds withdraw once player deposits money his balance, goes the website account. for the platform decide they will cash out investor's profits freeze them his balance. illegal industry since most the gambling platforms have the possibility fraud players money, they choose remain anonymous case any user will court. overall, online gambling remains mostly dark part the internet. online gambling market the solution for those problems smart-contracts. smart-contracts are implementing transparency the core game algorithms, which anyone can review code. all the rules are stated the blockchain and accepted every party. there are more and more reliable gambling platforms that use smart-contracts. the ultimate benefits them are: transparency player can assured that the game fair and casino playing rules. flexibility player can use any size the bet, matter how big small is. low fees smart-contracts help business surpass various costs administering and support. therefore, become profitable, the platform does not need lot income, which allows decrease fees for all the players. also, the platform fees are transparent, since they are coded into smart-contract. flexibility since player does not need trust the third-side, his funds are not involved the risk scam. market depth and problems analysis market depth and problems analysis there are more than hundred decentralized gambling apps (dapps). the total volume more than million dollars per day. considering the overall bearish market, these results show that gambling apps had decent demand and formalized their niche within the online gambling market. the market volume produced top- dapps. those games are pretty simple and straightforward: dice, bets, poker, roulette and on. most dapps are using eos smart-contracts. others use tron ethereum blockchains. market depth and problems analysis the smart-contracts gambling apps niche competitive. become the top- dapp needs solve multiple problems. the search for the first players the games different dapps are similar the smart-contracts gambling apps niche competitive. become the top- dapp needs solve multiple problems. tough create some new gaming model that players would like more than games they used play for years. meanwhile, all the conservative games are presented each gambling platform. the platform needs implement fresh ideas and provide top-notch user interface attract new users. initial funds are needed for development and marketing there are two ways funds allocation: investors self-funded. either case, tough predict the time when investments will start generating profit the volumes are produced the players the platform needs find big players and provide various benefits that will force them stay. the end, the creation the popular gambling platform requires initial investments for marketing and development. while challenging obtain the first players, the online gambling market growing produce enormous revenues for the top platforms goldenfever platform goldenfever platform goldenfever smart-contract gambling platform backed the masternode economy. there are few types games: lottery with cumulating prize-pool based the total number players bet jack-pots lottos peer peer betting and many more. each game has its play period. the rounds could instant one week long. different games and periods bring variety the platform and assuring the long-term interest the players. the development team always inventing new games and testing them out find the most popular for the platform users platform features platform features goldenfever supports every popular smart-contract coin goldenfever has games four blockchains: ethereum, eos, tron and gfr, its blockchain. this variety helps reach many target audience possible, making games available for anyone. peer-to-peer gambling the games are played between the players. assures that every game variety regular random based games combined with long rounds with big prizes legit and the platform always this combination increases the pays the winner. retention the player. always interesting visit the platform see what has offer. the fees are small and taken only rom the win each game has its fees, but they are taken rom the jack-pot. the size the fee can vary rom based the game. partnerships with other coins and platforms the team always looking for partners, who want sponsor game rounds get awareness for its the gfr team sponsors jack-pots project. goldenfever becomes marketing ground for other projects. make gambling even more fun, the gfr team buying additional prizes for the games. the games can made directly some big community get more attention for the gfr project, sponsored the other project advertise gfr community. platform features these algorithms allow growing gfr community organically games the third-party developers goldenfever contact with many development teams that are eager deploy their games the platform. the mature stage the platform least half the games will coded outsource, and multiple teams will create new games keeping the platform fresh for the users profitable referral system the platforms income spent referrals. the platform oriented this marketing instrument. the platform provides everything for the highly effective invitations: landing pages, banners, advertising materials, and much more platform income allocation platforms income allocation the complex multi-layer marketing strategy allows reaching top- decentralized gambling platforms with expected daily volume with the average fee, the estimated platform's monthly income the revenue goes price support. the bond between the platform's success and coin's price the crucial feature that assures the growth gfr coin. you can find more information price support the coin section. estimation: per month income goes pay administrating costs the platform development estimation: per month income spent marketing reinvesting profits the platform, goldenfever testing new marketing strategies and invests marketing channels, such youtube and twitter influencers, articles, advertisement, and many more. estimation: per month platform income allocation income goes referrals platform shares the part the player's payed fees with the user who invited him. besides, the profits are split between users who invited the most amount players the platform. forms fund that spent various prize pools and challenges, which greatly benefits the platform long-term estimation: per month income spent lotteries between the most active users various jack-pots are formed support the players the platform. increases the platform retention and will help the platform attract big players from other gambling websites estimation: per month income shared amongst top- players goldenfever appreciates their biggest players and investors and willingly share part profits with them. estimation: per month most the funds are spent marketing and increase retention. this allows the goldenfever snowball and becomes the biggest gambling platform after the initial marketing boost. goldenfever coin goldenfever coin the core the platform the masternode coin called goldenfever. serves the instrument funding, marketing, and utility for the platform. coin passive income goldenfever implemented proof stake algorithm with the combination highly return masternodes for the currency reward the first players and investors. proof stake mining algorithm that allows getting coins staking them the wallet. increases the percentage coins held the wallets the long-term while providing stable income for the holder. masternodes are the fully synchronized blockchain nodes that increase the network stability and make decisions such locking transactions with instantsend, coordinate mixing coins, and voting budget funding. masternodes receive rewards for administrating blockchain features. the case goldenfever, the block reward goes the masternode owners. besides decentralization, masternodes ensure the immersive value for the coin. masternodes are useful tool for keeping the price stable because locks out most the coin emission while creating simple way mining coins. the required amount coins launch the masternode gfr. the average return investment for masternode holder per year. goldenfever coin price support based the platform's income the crucial coin feature that platforms income spent price support and buybacks. the team burning all the coins that were bought from the market through price support. usually, the masternode coins are dropping price, because the excessive inflation without enough demand. however, the case gfr, the bond between the platform and the coin assures that the high return investment masternodes the source stable profits for the first investors. benefits the masternode coin masternodes can great source passive income for investors. the creation highly profitable model passive income attracts thousands people. they form active community coin holders and believe the success their investment. this community the first players goldenfever platform. they test the games, share their opinions and help developers make the product better. those players help boosting the platform's position dapp rating websites, which the source organic traffic. early investors are the first users the referral system that creates stable platform growth coin utility there are three ways using coin beside creating passive income: playing, marketing, and paying. goldenfever coin playing the goldenfever coin used many lotteries. critical creating many accessible lotteries possible for all kind players. goldenfever community may have troubles with spending their eth, tron eos coins gambling. surpass this psychological barrier the variety gfr lotteries will made, every investor can try out the games and have fun. marketing the goldenfever coin used many lotteries. critical creating many accessible lotteries possible for all kind players. goldenfever community may have troubles with spending their eth, tron eos coins gambling. surpass this psychological barrier the variety gfr lotteries will made, every investor can try out the games and have fun. paying gfr coin will used payment for services and additional features. for example, goldenfever provides multiple possibilities for other communities advertise anything. the cost sponsored events will determined gfr coin. goldenfever coin specification goldenfever coin specification coin name: goldenfever ticker: gfr type: mn+pos algorithm: quarck collateral: maturity: blocks hours) block time: sec. total supply: premine gfr block reward: gfr pos reward: revard: connection port: emission scheme emission scheme block, start block, end reward pos emission scheme marketing marketing goldenfever's goal reach daily volumes. achieve this goldenfever created sophisticated marketing strategy with many elements that increase the effect each other. platform marketing through the coin the coin released earlier than the platform. through successful marketing, the first month, the coin community will have two thousand active members. gfr coin passive income attractive for investors. therefore, the coin will form the community early testers the platform. gfr coin excellent source organic traffic. each marketing action made benefit currency and will attract new players for the platform. marketing actions: exchange listings, market making, youtube reviews, articles, bounties, monitoring websites listings, partnerships with services, airdrops marketing platform marketing the platform marketing consists various sources: direct marketing gfr constantly testing multiple marketing channels find the best conversion rates. includes all types marketing: articles, youtube reviews, direct advertisement, streams, and on. referrals well-structured referral program allows creating stable source new users, without paying for that. that why gfr uses income making the system more profitable for all kinds people who will use it. potential target audience: community leaders, influencers, websites administrators. loyalty program players receive bonuses for playing the platform. this the way attracting big players and investors from competitors. word mouth would the strongest advertisements. organic traffic new users coming the platform serve marketing resource. the bigger the platform, the more new players are arriving daily. this channel includes rankings and monitoring websites. reaching top-, the goldenfever receives more than views per day from new users. marketing coin marketing once the platform marketing provides constant source new players, the coin will significantly benefit rom it, because each player the potential buyer the gfr coin. the platform becomes the source new investors the currency. the concept passive income backed the platforms profits shows the stability the gfr investment, which makes gfr coin attractive asset buy. interactions with other coins and communities the goldenfever platform has many use-cases for other communities. can make games, engage other currencies into gambling, form prize pool sponsored many projects get much attention both for gfr and for other products. the most efficient way promoting community integrating with projects with similar target audience. the typical example highly beneficial marketing campaign the massive lottery between communities the many coins. each currency provides with required amount coins, which will played amongst participants. the lottery taking place goldenfever platform. each coin advertises the event their community, which gives the overall thousands views exposure. this attention spreads between the currencies and attracts new players and investors the goldenfever ecosystem. the end, each coin gets hundreds new investors merely providing small number coins. roadmap roadmap stage media listings birake exchange listing snode exchange listing midex exchange lising crex exchange listing cryptobridge exchange listing stage preparing and beta testing platform and games collecting and analizing beta test results developing working referral system model launching extended media marketing yobit exchange listing hitbtc exchange listing launching smart-contract lotto platform third-party developers games listing developing and adapting platform for android and ios devices metamask, trustwallet, any mobile wallet with webbrowser for play roadmap stage new games development team expansion direct fiat-crypto gateways larger exchanges expansion lunching android and ios adapted apps stage community growth campaigns games ranking platform expansion and listings (getting the top) etherium.tron and other multicurrency android and ios wallet with platform integration inside future road map developing goldenfever: summary goldenfever: summary the goldenfever has everything that takes become the most popular gambling platform smart-contracts. lot games every popular smart-contracts coin with events sponsored the team provide unlimited opportunities for players. because the low fees, transparent game structures, and various bonuses, profitable play goldenfever platform. due the diversified sources marketing and smart funds allocation has: strong start getting first investors due the masternode coin with passive income the long lifetime value the user, because the games and coins variety and benefits for big players the platform backed gfr coin. produces stable dividends for holders, and the price growing together with the explosive platform marketing. the currency used multiple games, allows investor get access premium features and serves the payment for partners. the bond between the platform's income and coin's price makes one the most reliable investments the market. links links [ann] https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic= [between blocks ann] https://betweenblocks.org/topic//ann-goldenfever-masternodes-coin-smart-contract-based -game-platform-comeing website http://goldenfever.io/ telegram http://goldenfever.io/ whitepaper comeing soon! twitter https://twitter.com/goldenfeverg youtube https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucqcjotdsyuofanowala main block explorer www.explorer.goldenfever.io wallets windows wallet https://github.com/goldenfever/goldenfever/releases/download/v../gfr-windows-qt-.. .zip windows wallet https://github.com/goldenfever/goldenfever/releases/download/v../gfr-windows-qt-. ..zip linux wallet static https://github.com/goldenfever/goldenfever/releases/download/v../gfr-linux-static-qt-.. .tgz linux wallet static daemon https://github.com/goldenfever/goldenfever/releases/download/v../gfr-linux-static-daem on-...tgz links linux wallet https://github.com/goldenfever/goldenfever/releases/download/v../gfr-linux-qt-...tgz linux wallet daemon https://github.com/goldenfever/goldenfever/releases/download/v../gfr-linux-daemon-.. .tgz mac wallet https://github.com/goldenfever/goldenfever/releases/download/v../gfr-qt-...dmg useful links masternodes.online https://masternodes.online/currencies/gfr/ mntrend https://mntrend.com/en/currencies/gfr mnrank https://mnrank.com/coin/gfr/ masternodes.pro https://masternodes.online/currencies/gfr/ mncn https://mncn.online/coins/gfr cryptoshib https://cryptoshib.com/goldenfever-coin/ nodehub https://nodehub.io/ cryptocoinz https://www.crypto-coinz.net/coin-info/?-golderfever-gfr-quark-calculator/ shared services-partners ihost https://ihostmn.com/ midas shared service palatform https://midas.investments/ gentarium platform https://mn.gtmcoin.io/ links cryptohashtank https://www.cryptohashtank.com/masternodes/gfr crypos https://crypos.io/shared-masternode gin https://p.ginplatform.io/#!/ price charts worldcoinindex https://www.worldcoinindex.com/ livecoinwatch https://www.livecoinwatch.com/ coincodex https://coincodex.com/crypto coinlib.io https://coinlib.io/coin/gfr/goldenfever coingecko https://www.coingecko.com/en/coins/goldenfever coinpaprika https://coinpaprika.com/ coinsmasternodebuzz https://coins.masternode.buzz/ pro blockchain https://pro-blockchain.com/en portfolio trackers delta https://delta.app/ blockfolio https://blockfolio.com/