table content chapter idea introduction. executive summary introduction omnichannel the problem what gosama our vision chapter in-depth about gosama. our platform current gosama solution overview comprehensive gosama platform: omnichannel blockchain gosama token what does all mean benefits for the consumers benefits for the brands roadmap business model our revenue model the opportunity our target markets and go-to-market our team our partners ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page chapter get involved through our ico gosama token sale the basic numbers token distribution allocation funds token sales timeline why gosama? references ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page chapter idea introduction. ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page executive summary gosama was built revolutionize the sales management retail chains redefining the (offline online) sales process and identifying the way companies build and manage relationships with their customers. will create the gosama token and gosama sales management platform with the first automatic mechanism based blockchain and cryptocurrency where can used and spent. far you may know, previously everyone had buy cryptocurrency invest heavily mining earn cryptocurrency. but now, with gosama token, consumers can earn token three simple ways: self-managing and exchanging personal and behavioral information receive desired advertising from partner companies. investing time, attention and good-will advertise the companies and redeem the token reward from the company. joining our customer loyalty program and shopping the tech-com shops based gosama platform exchange the token. what can you with the gosama platform when you have the gosama token? this important for most the investors who are interested cryptocurrency and expect the growth its value the future. gosama token will have large market for businesses and consumers use. for example: the enterprise pays service fees for the platform with its own preference for gosama token ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page enterprise pays for marketing campaigns the gosama platform enterprise creates bonus packages for consumers using gosama token when consumers participate marketing activities and promote programs those enterprises. consumers exchange gosama token get discounts and bonuses from the businesses. consumers use gosama token for payments businesses using the gosama platform. therefore, the gosama platform will provide tremendous value both businesses and consumers building comprehensive ecosystem of: omni-channel business management platform- seamless, consistent and intensely focused customer experience that improves business efficiency new level. target marketing system for the consumers- based shopping behavior the gosama platform that has been approved share the consumers. the customer loyalty system that establishes new way cooperating between the enterprises and the consumers promote great value they are getting from each other. the payment system that easily integrates many convenient payment methods such mobile payment, code and- the future- gosama token. result, businesses are provided with efficient sales management platform that extends support for offline online with variety payment channels integration and ability reach more consumers. consumers will receiving marketing relevant what they care about and use the value their loyalty, spendings, attention and activities. will become worthwhile invest their time and money become real brand ambassador for the business. the customer loyalty programs have been use since the but proved ineffective they only reach around the customers the end the campaign. ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page many customers subscribes dozens programs but rarely receive benefits from them because loyalty points they gain are scattered among all the businesses. difficult profit from them without being regular customer all those places. gosama platform all the loyalty points will gathered and counted together for the customers quicker benefit gain. implementing, managing, maintaining and collecting customers information manually makes many business owners confused with its complexity and discouraged how time-consuming can be. without any other- better- solution they are forced apply it. would like change that situation for their benefit. addition gosama future vision, are working making the linkage these shops broad ecosystem much easier and convenient. particular focusing gosama token and gosama wallet services the basis general point accumulation instead requiring consumers use different traditional payment methods accumulate points each and separate store. the same time the points can spent the e-commerce market the system. the value gosama token will increase and stabilize due the high transaction demand the entire ecosystem. gosama has developed the omni-channel sales management platform- previously known gostore- demo operated vietnam that the first months its existence has attracted more than retail outlets (with full range products such fashion, electric appliance, grocery, mother and baby products ...). with the desire develop and bring even bigger ecosystem the businesses and consumers, have extended our platform with the blockchain technology and hosted new premium features such intelligent marketing systems, customer loyalty systems, customer care systems, cryptocurrency payment systems, together with the mechanism letting users control their personal and behavioral data across the platform. all these will bring gosama further than what the market has seen with opportunities far beyond what described this whitepaper. ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page introduction omnichannel currently, promote their products the sale channels, enterprise may apply these separate methods: pos traditional stores website online store, contact page the business social network sales channels and community development e-market (can considered market, supermarket online) mobile app (sales through app) affiliate sales (using network collaborators other websites) nowadays omni -channel sales have become trend retail business. instead selling via traditional channels separately, business owners and marketers can use one, centered software variety channels expand the reach their customers more effectively. this solution provides great experience the shop owners making their marketing actions less hassle. the problem the moment there are millions small and medium enterprises operating the market, not using tools for sales management and online sales yet, using inefficient ones. there are many sales management softwares available but those are mainly in-store applications which lead ineffective training, difficulty updating the software, customer support problems etc. with other softwares there are big issues especially the management and development the goods chains branches because the geographic location. there ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page good enough warehouse solution the market for stores separated the distance. beside that, the investment such software remains relatively high. there are many issues that the traditional retail businesses are facing such as: they own large quantities goods making management difficult. there reasonable plan confusion and sale loss are inevitable. very time-consuming and difficult for shop owners control all the records imported and exported goods, create bills for the customers and deal with orders. the management employees bringing some difficulties, especially for chain model businesses. promotion and marketing campaigns for the whole chain are difficult without good management system. easy make mistakes and lose customers trust for the brand. expansion sale channels, goods data, customers data and billing not well synchronized due use many third parties products. there are many avoidable situations that may happen business that the rise and want expand their market they not choose right system. also, when customers can not tell the brand transparent there may serious consequences such management leading `harming even ending the business ability exist the market. ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page what gosama gosama platform has been created solve business and management problems for enterprises with the desire develop and expand the market. addition helping businesses gosama also creates effective business-to-consumer communication channels through loyalty systems, direct marketing and omnichannel sales across the entire platform. our vision gosama platform geared towards comprehensive sales management solution that brings the digital transformation era the field sales and marketing, providing comprehensive system based three factors: omnichannel blockchain cryptocurrency. call it: omnichannel that makes cryptocurrency spendable blockchain the next big thing omnichannel technology? gosama the first omnichannel platform apply blockchain technology its system, which well applied in: final user data security, final user self-management and control personal data well shopping behavior the gosama platform. confidentiality, reduction errors and loss important data the enterprises gosama token and gosama wallet customer loyalty system and direct marketing ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page chapter in-depth about gosama. ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page our platform current gosama solution overview the gosama platform runs cloud-based, saas platform based the latest and most modern technologies such nodejs, angularjs and nosql databases such mongodb and elasticsearch. our multi-service architecture (microservices based) enables high scalability and flexibility. thanks the use nodejs servers and nosql database the system can handle and respond large amounts data real-time for smoother and faster user experience. currently the platform operating phase with features omnichannel sales management system, including: pos system the sales outlets sales management system chain management system warehouse product management system customer debt management system accounting finance system predictive system, warning, reminder reporting system online shop integration system: online website builder, facebook shop customer care system: chat support, facebook messenger basic marketing system: email marketing sms marketing logistics logistic system payment system use bigdata database ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page comprehensive gosama platform: omnichannel blockchain pursuit new technology development, gosama has chosen use blockchain technology and integrate the gosama token into the entire platform. aside decentralized database and solid accounting technology- that allows run distributed applications safely and reliablythe gosama platform will further developed with the following features: integrated online shop channels expand customer care system and provide the virtual call center customer relationship management system machine learning system providing chat bot sales and intelligent alerts predictions for sales managers cryptocurrency system with gosama token and wallet customer loyalty system direct marketing system local banks linkage system with the sale outlet banking programs such opening payment account, credit, business loans etc. big data analytics secured data with blockchain omnichannel authentication ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page general view the system gosama token gosama token utility for: platform payment currency used enterprises payment for services gosama platform and pay-as-you-go. rewards and loyalty token used reward consumers for their attention, shopping, loyalty, corporate branding and their personal data releasing. marketing token used pay marketing fees (reward) directly consumers who are viewing marketing ads the business. cryptocurrency decentralized digital currency that encrypted, stabilized and transferred between peers. ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page what does all mean benefits for the consumers consumers will accumulate tokens from the multiple point sale terminals single system using gosama's loyalty system platform. they will get more value from the system increased the level their loyalty towards the brands. consumers will receive marketing truly relevant what they are interested and receive tokens directly from the businesses for the marketing campaigns they participated in, their spendings, attention and activity etc. will become worth invest time and attention become true brand ambassador for such businesses. conclusion, gosama platform offers the following basic benefits: more suitable customer experience that making their favorite brands more approachable, transparent, interesting and valuable- aiming for "win-win" situation with their favorite brands. messages and ads will only appear when they really have need based the behavioral data they shared. receiving rewards for specifically sharing their profile and personal data and support when the payment made. shopping and accumulating gosama token reward. e-wallets that help consumers manage their tokens effectively and allows direct payments point-of-sale terminals that accept the cryptocurrency. personal data and rewards will stored securely and transparently. consumers always will have the right control their personal data and share share any time. ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page benefits for the brands enterprises will provided with digital transformation solutions sales management, sale performance enhancements such as: providing omnichannel sales management solution with flexible operating cost; improving sales performance and enterprise management. multi-channel sales: in-store, website, e-commerce, social media shop etc. integrated customer care system through virtual switchboard, chatbot websites and facebook better identify buyers and bring satisfaction the customers. customer management will optimized through the integrated crm system; your customer goals will nourished qualified individuals and backed your best customers; your acquisition cost (cac) will reduced. increasing conversion rates and revenue through better content, better personalization, and better activation triggered tangible rewards and incentives. building long-term value (ltv); keeping the consumers you worked hard get and turning them into loyal customers who not only continues buy your products but also becomes active brand ambassadors. ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page roadmap the story begins march idea initiation recognizing the inconvenience current sale management systems synchronizing data. gosama decided design new completely synchronized sale management system, widely known "omni-channel" today standard. august launching core system completed with modules after almost two years lot coffee and energy drinks. gosama was finished and have first customers. meanwhile, started design and develop our mobile pos app perfect for small shop owners who doesn't want spend hundreds dollars buy stand-alone pos. new ideas and prepare for brave future! are now mobile! are ready for the mobile future. gosama now running everyone's most favorite electronic devices! android first and ios comes right after. preparing for ico shook hand with nexty the most powerful blockchain platform vietnam, coinmarketcap.com for their community and technical support bring the newest blockchain technology into our system and prepare for the ico that will transform gosama into the most advanced sale management system date! activities: website building, white paper, community building ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page q-q getting gosama token out there time powerfully into marketing and community building! june: private sales july: media running public pre-sale september: public sales october: listing exchange november: beta release december: local business development from new ideas and prepare for brave future! full blockchain potential time have our ico investor investment pay-off! gosama will focus developing the full blockchain features the system. january: gosama token gosama wallet march: customer loyalty system july: target marketing system rest keeping doing intensive marketing for gosama and looking for the new brave ideas. gaining market position gosama aims for clients early meanwhile, won't stop improving the system, bringing new ideas the table and fulfilling our vision the top-choice partner for retails business when comes the digital transformation. ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page business model our revenue model our revenue will consist two main streams: the gosama platform service fee and direct-to-customer marketing programs. with the desire expand community gosama platform provide free package with limited data volumes for the start-ups. for those who have done business and want expand their with different sale channels and support their customers better, they can pay gosama platform service fees flexibly and economically. gosama service the only platform the market that allows customers select individual functions and build gosama sales system according their enterprise scale and current needs. with the motto "you will not pay for the functions you not use," gosama platform will bring the lowest cost and create environment the most suitable for your business. the second major source the revenue will from the direct-to-customers marketing payments. businesses will pay consumers for viewing their marketing and the gosama platform will partly debit the payment maintain and operate the system. the opportunity the gosama platform operates rapidly evolving and innovative marketplace where retail businesses always need good and effective sales management system. the global point-of-sale (pos) terminals market size expected reach usd billion year https://www.grandviewresearch.com/press-release/global-point-of-sale-terminals-market meanwhile, the mobile marketing market expected grow nearly compared the same period last year and triple more than billion https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pressreleases/mobilemarketing.asp ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page the market for gosama will gain billion for the platform service fee and billion for marketing service fee. the market pull huge- mainly because the increasing number mobile users and high internet speed leading high amounts mobile browsing and mobile applications. enterprises that need apply digital transformation- using technology platforms into the management sales and marketing- began increase amount. their current solutions are not catching with the needs the consumers quickly enough and can not neither provide consumers with desired consumer experience, nor provide traceability and user data security that the gosama platform will provide extremely affordable cost. top research companies, like forrester research, strongly advise e-businesses invest heavily into mobile platforms meet consumer's demand and prepare platforms for ar, vr, chatbot and voice-based interface that are coming soon. all the future urgency and market expansion are real and will continue drive the demand for comprehensive platform like gosama. our target markets and go-to-market mainly target growing smes businesses that have annual sales over million. priority markets are fashion and food beverage, both have great mobile users community that wants connect both online and offline. future markets will other services such as: mother and baby, electronics, refrigeration, medicine, small supermarkets, flowers and gifts, furniture. while are not targeting them this time, our platform will serve all industries and businesses that view mobile phones indispensable consumer's communication tool. our future campaigns will done through direct sales southern east asia regionespecially the quickly developing countries such as: singapore, thailand, indonesia, philippines, malaysia and vietnam. after the success southeast asian market will expanding into the asian and european markets. ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page our team thanh ceo cto the mastermind behind gosama. thanh not only talented and awarded engineer, also charismatic leader who going ensure the stable growth gosama system and team who help businesses asean moving forward. minh pham sales director founder reway group, big player the real-estate market and salesman with lifetime experience. minh member gosama not only investor but also market developer that will bring gosama sizeable amount clients, like did before with all his businesses. thanh dao ico advisor sale director graduated from cardiff metropolitan university mba project management, thanh combination between technology lover business leader. thanh here find gosama token strong standing blockchain currency market. thanh also cto nexty company- our partner that helps with everything blockchain-connected. prof. alex siow blockchain advisor professor siow great help project assisting with his knowledge and expertise that has many fields such blockchain technology, management, business development and much more. ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page andy yeo legal advisor andy great support gosama legal side the business that related cryptocurrency. with many years experience the field, more than able support well help expand internationally and set company branch singapore. ryan nguyen business development manager ryan mba diploma holder, educated software development and international business with plenty experience including over year microsoft company. seeing gosama's potential joined our team work the project's growth. anh blockchain developer young developer but with plenty expertise the field. always eager learn and involve himself new technology. anh believes that blockchain new revolution and will change the whole image world-wide technology. alex hoang product designer engineer with the passion for design. alex loves solving problems with elegant technology solution. since alex has been helping startups around the world improve their system user interface. now joining gosama, alex tasked bring about the most complex sale management system the end user simplest manner. ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page joanna chilicka customer relations manage master degree multicultural communication branding and marketing. joanna felt love with the beauty the asian culture. she here help gosama blend it's professional and international approach into the everyday business culture each country. tran product launch support manager tran spent her career working consulting and technology industry including her time amazon.com technical product manager intern. she will joining google product launch support manager. daniel nguyen senior full stack developer for daniel programing type craft. making sure every line code tip-top, daniel the one who helping build gosama block block and truly make come true our leader's vision. thang nguyen blockchain developer young developer but with plenty expertise the field. always eager learn and involve himself new technology. anh believes that blockchain new revolution and will change the whole image world-wide technology. ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page our partners nexty nexty providing their own blockchain platform use our system for instant transfer, zero transfer fees price stabilization gosama coin. https://nexty.io/ aftership app aftership working with gosama implement their shipment tracking and notifications application into gosama system. https://www.aftership.com/ postmen app postmen app aftership that will provide gosama system with shipping api solution. https://www.postmen.com/ bighub bighub assists gosama professionally search for members, develop community and connect with potential financial resources running gosama's ico. https://bighub.io/ ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page chapter get involved through our ico ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page gosama token sale the basic numbers token published and distributed ico token distribution token usd token distribution million gosama tokens (%) for open token sale and fund-raising million gosama tokens (%) for code sale commision million gosama tokens (%) for internal operation fee million gosama tokens (%) for gosama internal team million gosama tokens (%) for advisors million gosama tokens (%) strategic fund reserve ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page allocation funds strategic capital reserve allocated serve future operations. this allocation will frozen for minimum years and during that time the capital will only sold the corporate customers that have not purchased gosama tokens ico. for these customers, gosama will provide the opportunity purchase gosama tokens from our reserve market prices. all gosama employees and our advisors will receiving tokens part this sale with maximum tokens, which will for advisors and for all employees including managers. these tokens will last for months from the beginning the sales period. will add tokens, which are set aside for additional long-term retention programs for current and new team members. tokens that have not been allocated before june will longer allocated. unallocated tokens would used for strategic capital reserve and would subject the market value. ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page token sales timeline our family, friends and acquaintances will start buying june the private sale period. sales the gosama token will ended following public sale which will last for month will end while reaching the hard-cap. exact date for the public sale will announced soon. soft-cap set million, which allows launch our blockchain platform. meet the milestones stated our roadmap, our goal will range from mil mil. our hard-cap will set million. reaching the hard-cap target will enable accelerate our market and global growth. why gosama? gosama was built revolutionize the sales management retail chains redefining the (offline online) sales process and identifying the way companies build and manage relationships with their customers. are expecting huge growth the upcoming years building and expanding more and more customers asia well world-wide. however, important have support the start which will make that growth easier and more efficient. without investors who support our idea won't far fast would like to. would appreciate you considering join that process truly exciting adventure that will revolutionize the way pay for things and use cryptocurrency the retail business. realize that the time for this idea now nowadays the blockchain technology popular topic and investment. would like you become part the digital transformation help both consumers and business owners gain from the cryptocurrency create. ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page you have any questions our team would more than happy provide you with all the answers needed. just let know! are omnichannel that makes cryptocurrency spendable! references https://www.ibm.com/blogs/insights-on-business/sap-consulting/blockchain-next-big-thing-o mnichannel-technology/ https://www.grandviewresearch.com/press-release/global-point-of-sale-terminals-market https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pressreleases/mobilemarketing.asp ico.gosama.io omnichannel supported sale management system with integrated spenable cryptocurrency. page