whitepaper gratzio need favor? there's dapp for that! september, copyright (c) gratzio ltd. note: this document working draft the gratzio whitepaper. there might continuous changes this document until the ito start date. disclaimer this whitepaper has been issued gratzio (the "company") and should read conjunction with the company's terms and conditions (the "terms"). the purpose this whitepaper provide prospective buyers with information about the gratzio project allow them make their own decision whether not they wish purchase gratz tokens. this whitepaper does not constitute offer invitation, any other sale purchase shares, securities, any the assets the company. the board directors the company have taken reasonable care ensure that, the date preparing this whitepaper, the information contained herein accurate the best their knowledge and there are other facts, the omission which, would make misleading any statement this whitepaper. representation, warranty, assurance undertaking made its continued accuracy after such date. the information contained this whitepaper may subject modification, supplementation and amendment any time. this whitepaper describes the company's business objectives and the issue gratzio ltd gratz tokens. has not been reviewed, verified, approved authorized any regulatory supervisory authority. the publication this whitepaper and the offering gratz tokens may restricted certain jurisdictions. the responsibility any person possession this whitepaper and any persons wishing make application for gratz tokens (pursuant the terms) inform themselves of, and observe, any and all laws and regulations that may applicable them. this whitepaper does not constitute offer solicitation anyone any jurisdiction which such offer solicitation not lawful which the person making such offer solicitation not qualified so. prospective purchasers gratz tokens should inform themselves the legal requirements and consequences purchasing, holding and disposing gratz tokens and any applicable exchange control regulations and taxes the countries their respective citizenship, residence and/or domicile. prospective purchasers gratz tokens are wholly responsible for ensuring that all aspects this whitepaper and the terms are acceptable them. the purchase gratz tokens may involve special risks that could lead loss all substantial portion the purchase amount. the purchase gratz tokens considered speculative nature and involves high degree risk. gratzio does not represent, warrant, undertake assure that gratz tokens are defect/virus free will meet any specific requirements prospective purchaser. you should only purchase gratz tokens you can afford complete loss. unless you fully understand and accept the nature and the potential risks inherent the purchase gratz tokens you should not purchase gratz tokens. the purchase gratz tokens only possible after the prospective purchaser has read, understood and accepted the terms. each prospective purchaser will required acknowledge that made independent decision purchase the gratz tokens and that not relying, any manner whatsoever, gratzio, its board directors any other person entity (other than such purchaser's own advisers). prospective purchasers are urged consult their own legal, tax other adviser before purchasing gratz tokens. gratzio and its board directors not provide any advice recommendations with respect the gratz tokens, nor they endorse such tokens, nor they accept any responsibility liability for any use this whitepaper any person which breach any local regulatory requirements with regard the distribution this whitepaper any applicable rules pertaining the offer gratz tokens. statements made this whitepaper are based the law and practice currently force united kingdom and are subject changes those laws. table contents disclaimer table contents overview what gratzio? what gratzio dapp? what gratz token? what gratzio dao what services gratzio can used for? gratzio decentralized application (dapp) mode need favor" tender feature mode gratzio" notifications disputes arbitration secure wallet rating mechanism implementation phase platform launch. phase dao transition roadmap token why stellar blockchain? transactions speed transaction costs built-in exchange less vulnerable security breaches stellar advantages summarized token supply token allocation token sale token symbol token price accepted currencies: pre-sale main sale hard cap funds distribution: gradual user acquisition program sign-up bonus airdrops token drops bounty referral program the team dmytro khovavko, cto serge ustiuzhanin, coo olga beckman, head tony patryn, art director compatible party wallets overview what gratzio? gratzio global decentralized marketplace powered stellar blockchain that offers its users ability order and perform on-demand person-to-person services and favors. what gratzio dapp? gratzio dapp decentralized application that provides access gratzio marketplace. gratzio dapp will available via ios store, android google play well via regular browser with internet access. what gratz token? payments for services within gratzio marketplace are facilitated through gratz utility token that based stellar consensus protocol. users can perform services for other users order earn gratz tokens using gratzio dapp. additionally, users can purchase convert gratz tokens into other cryptocurrencies and local fiat money through built-in exchange gratzio platform utilizing third-party crypto exchanges. what gratzio dao gratzio planning transition decentralized autonomous organization (dao) that will governed its users what services gratzio can used for? gratzio fills the gap demand for non-standard services. below are the examples requests for favors (rff) that users can place and fulfill with gratzio marketplace: gratzio, bring dozen roses exact location within min gratzio, hold free parking for city center gratzio, jumpstart car battery gratzio, drive home car gratzio, mow lawn gratzio, walk dog gratzio, i'm fishing. bring six pack corona beer location gratzio, shovel grandma's driveway before this list not complete and users requests are only limited their imagination and local laws. the platform can also used move funds across the borders quickly and extremely cheap with transaction speeds seconds and transaction fees only per transaction. gratzio decentralized application (dapp) designed the dapp with maximum simplicity, adding little gamification top. the user interface pretty self-explanatory. there are two main modes the app one for requesting favors ("i need favor" and another for doing favors ("i gratzio"). mode need favor" order request favor user clicks the need favor" menu and prompted enter the address manually pin the location the map. the following menu user enters description what should done and selects the amount grat tokens that he/she willing pay for the service. there are preset services prices, user completely free describe the required service and choose his own price. after submitting the required information new tag with selected amount gratitude top will appear the map for others see. tender feature order give users the power choose providers implemented the "tender" feature. this feature turned off default, the first provider who accepts the request will automatically chosen the system. more than one provider responds the same time the system will choose the one with higher reputation. user turns tender feature the requester able choose manually among the providers who responded the request. the tender feature turned off default for favors with small rewards and could turned user while describing the amount reward. the feature turns automatically when rewards amount reaches certain threshold threshold depends local market) once the provider chosen there option communicate with provider via in-app features like messages calls discuss the details needed. this point the given amount gratz are transferred into the temporary escrow wallet which will hold the funds until the task done and requester approves the job. there ability watch the progress the job real time filming the providers cellphone (if possible and feature requested). after the completion the task requester reviews the results and satisfied presses the button accept the job and prompted rate the quality services. mode gratzio" those users who wish earn tokens select gratzio" from the main menu and browse the requests the map select from the list nearby requests. there ability filter requests the amount reward search favors keyword. once suitable favor request selected, provider accepts the task and notification being sent the favor requester. upon accepting the provider, both participants have the ability communicate with each-other via in-app messages voice call order settle the details the deal necessary. after reaching the consensus provider begins the work the task while recording the progress such feature was requested. upon finishing the favor provider marks the job done and waits for requester approval. after the job approved provider rewarded with discussed amount grat tokens transferred into his personal wallet and being prompted rate the requester. notifications service providers will able subscribe notifications based chosen keywords amount grat tokens reward within the given radius from their location. the push notifications cellphone will immediately inform service providers about ongoing favor requests nearby. disputes arbitration provided in-app communication features order encourage users settle any disputes which may arise from the deal themselves. case users can't reach the consensus they have the option request the arbitration from the platform for non-refundable fee. depending the case and the amount grat tokens involved the system will reach out unrelated the deal local participants who have highest rating and history the similar jobs their portfolio. those users will offered arbitrage the deal question jurors. jurors will rewarded with the fee for their review materials (history, testimonies, timeline, pictures, videos, etc) and resolving the case. secure wallet additional feature the in-app wallet will have internal exchange. users will able exchange gratz tokens into other cryptocurrencies such btc, eth, xlm and local fiat (subject local licensing) inside their wallets. rating mechanism gratzio will employ the standard star rating for both favor requesters and providers. order vet new and unfamiliar the platform service providers their ability pick tasks will limited certain reward prices until their rating will reach particular threshold that will depend the local markets. implementation the implementation gratzio platform will facilitated two major phases. phase platform launch. order successfully launch the project and attract substantial attention the core team will hold token sale raise funds necessary finish the development and promote the platform. after the ico will launch the platform for the web and than make available native ios and android platforms. the initial version the gratzio dapp will semi-decentralized. the payment and the rating layers will built the blockchain and the dapp itself will have centralized structure with traditional servers place. additionally, during the phase are going beta-launch the system for our users voting lay down the functionality for the future transition decentralized autonomous organization. phase dao transition after the maturity gratzio dapp version the initial team are going start the transition fully decentralized autonomous organization. achieve complete decentralization the platform will migrated decentralized virtual machines blockchain that provided our partners from siegfried. this stage the initial team will steadily shift the control over the platform its users, maturing the user voting system and providing necessary mechanisms for users govern the organization true democratic and decentralized way. plan finish the transition decentralized autonomous organization the end roadmap pre-sale. total gratz token supply will offered pre-sale with discount ito total gratz tokens will offered for sale during the initial token offering. trading gratz token trading gratz token will available built-in stellar exchange the day after initial token offering ends. gratzio dapp launch (ios and android) beta the web, ios and android versions gratzio decentralized app will launched beta mode gratzio dapp production release (ios and android) the production release the gratzio decentralized application will available for ios and android users. dao voting system launch (beta) the core team will introduce in-app feature for voting and governing the platform its users. transition dao token all payments within the gratzio platform are powered gratz utility token based stellar consensus protocol (scp). gratz tokens can acquired three different ways: earned offering services the platform purchased the gratzio dapp purchased third party crypto exchanges why stellar blockchain? there are several key reasons why chose build gratzio platform stellar consensus protocol apart from more "traditional" etherium terms being go-to platform for ico launches. transactions speed the first speed stellar way more faster than ethereum. given the fact that cryptocurrency prices are very volatile, being able make transactions quickly crucial for traders cryptocurrencies. the average settlement time for stellar transactions two five seconds. for ethereum, minutes. this gives stellar tremendous advantage over ethereum. transaction costs stellar also cheaper fact, make transactions with stellar, only costs one cent. this largely because stellar built-in exchange, and therefore fees are required paid third party exchanges for transactions. ethereum transactions are significantly more expensive. built-in exchange the fact that stellar has its own built-in exchange which extremely fast and incredibly cheap means that gratz tokens not need party exchange approval and will available for exchange right after the main sale event. less vulnerable security breaches another advantage over ethereum higher security ethereum offers the "turing-complete smart contracts." these contracts allow businesses set wide variety smart contracts which can very complicated and therefore have more potential vulnerabilities than stellar's contracts. less prone ddos and sybil attacks since stellar operates nonprofit organization the nominal fee, referred base fee, associated with each operation transaction only associated deterrent: though nominal, discourages users with malicious intentions from flooding the network with transactions (otherwise known ddos attacks) and sybil attacks. the base fee currently set xlm--a fraction fraction penny. one profits from the base fee. the ledger collects the fees and redistributes them the process inflation. and the last, but not least the fact that the stellar consensus protocol provides system reach consensus without relying closed system that records transactions. therefore, stellar doesn't rely proof work (pow) nor proof stake (pos) secure its blockchain. instead the network relies byzantine agreement system stellar advantages summarized transactions speed seconds transaction costs: transactions cent tokens will available exchange day built-in exchange less vulnerable security breaches. less prone ddos and sybil attacks miners involved token supply are issuing exactly one billion gratz tokens. additional tokens will added the supply. tokens will sold public during pre-sale and ito. token allocation offered public during pre-sale ico allocated for gradual user acquisition program operational fund (frozen until transition dao allocated for initial team and advisers (frozen until transition dao) token sale promote the platform, finish the development and expand the user base gratzio will offer gratz utility tokens public discounted rate. order participate the token sale users need register and undergo kyc requirements. all unsold tokens will moved into the operational dao fund that frozen until the end token symbol grat token price grat accepted currencies: btc, eth, xlm pre-sale during pre-sale the total tokens gratz will offered for early adopters discounted rate main sale the main token sale event the total token supply grat will offered public hard cap the hard cap million usd funds distribution: for platform development allocated for marketing token stabilization fund allocated for legal expenses reserved for partnerships gradual user acquisition program expand the platform's user base and evenly spread tokens allocated the total token supply million gratz the gradual user acquisition program (guap). this program will include airdrops, bounties, referral program, sign-up bonuses and unique gratzio platform marketing technique called token drops. estimate the program itself will attract least milion new registered users within six month operation. sign-up bonus order attract new users and persuade them start using gratzio platform are going fund new accounts users who downloads and installs gratzio dapp their smartphone with gratz sign-up bonus. sign-up bonus will distributed the first registered users with unique cell phone numbers. additional protection measure from withdrawals bare sign-up bonus the minimum amount tokens available for exchange withdrawal will set gratz. this way, the sign-up bonus will only available for spend requesting favors inside gratzio platform. airdrops necessary initial measure raise awareness about gratzio platform and spread the tokens inside crypto community will airdrop million gratz users exchange for promoting gratzio social networks. the airdrop will run phases affecting users per phase. the total number users estimated attracted through airdrops token drops add some gamification the process after the launch the platform gratzio will perform the token drops million gratz. spreading small amounts the tokens the map for users collect pokemon-style. the tokens will spread proportionally the areas with our existing token holders jumpstart the nearby communities gratzio associates who will favors for our token holders later. bounty kick-start the platform are going offer million gratz bounty users who will favors for the benefit the platform. users will asked write articles even perform some offline tasks like paint nearby walls with gratzio logo. just kidding. but everything possible. referral program stimulate our existing users share their experiences gratzio with their friends allocated million gratz into referral program. registered users will able earn gratz referring their friends gratzio with affiliate links and graphic materials provide. the team gratzio international team crypto enthusiasts who are building decentralized autonomous marketplace for person-to-person instant services. the platform owned its users and secured blockchain. dmytro khovavko, cto years development for fintech, ip-telephony and gaming industries; specializes building high-load enterprise systems and cryptography security solutions. previously served head software development brokbusinessbank, worked senior engineer wargaming and siemens serge ustiuzhanin, ceo cybersecurity with years experience developing projects for numerous fortune companies including ibm security, mercedes-benz research development and qvc. previously served cto political advertising network and worked senior software developer inc magazine. olga beckman, head marketing expert with number successfully realized communication strategies for multiple political, non-profit and grassroots campaigns. prior gratzio, worked political advertising network presidential campaigns for barack obama and ron paul well non-profits such humane society the united states. tony patryn, art director graduate columbia college chicago with bfa graphic design and associates degree graphic design and multimedia from westwood college. professional with over years experience digital marketing and branding, has worked multiple award-winning campaigns chicago and new york. compatible party wallets apart from built-in gratzio wallet users can store gratz coins any stellar-compatible party desktop, mobile web wallets such as: