gravio ecosystem new communication platform (cb, bb, cc). able unite people, smart things and business. will allow all participants (both virtual and real) communicate using natural language. will help work and earn money. gravio will able create unified secure communication space unified protected information field space unified semantic space unified geoinformation space unified space for earning and spending based the crypto currency gravio coin (gio) structurally, within the ecosystem, three main vectors can distinguished mobility concept security concept earnings concept technical and functional aspects the ecosystem technological and functional concept information security concept architecture gravio coin (gio) digital currency for the real world intergated and secure payments withing ecosystem coin details ico information every gravio user has light wallet and initial amount gios for free gio will placed the popular exchanges road map framework technical draft architectural design gio ico idea functional concepts and features prototyping gravio devices initial deployment gravio ecosystem are here start developing start company gravio ecosystem information security start designing technical draft gravio devices initial deployment gravio ecosystem start developing gravio ecosystem with embedded framework start company mobility concept gravio will accompany the user continuously (in smartphone, tablet, netbook) and will serve permanent personal assistant. would help "attract" people, things, events, interesting proposals goods/services. doing this, will require minimum configuration efforts from the user. gravio will have sufficient intelligence become smart assistant. based simple settings specified the user, the assistant will continuously analyze user actions, track user movements, use user preferences help navigate the city, interactively "attract" events/services, report about identified potential security threats. the assistant will constantly learning make its actions and recommendations more helpful and informative the user with each new step forward. assistant will help find information, exchange information, prompt the user sights, events, facts, etc. line with his/her preferences. also assistant can help user his daily activities whether private communications business contacts. can help structure information and keep "on the fingertips" what's happening user's areas interest. user member several interest groups, the assistant will help him share information with peers and work common projects. will help also get income selling his ideas, materials, knowledge, etc every type content, actual for members different gravio communities. one the basic functional concepts the gravio network the notion gravity (attraction). gravity function based on: preferences (explicitly set) gravity points geo-positioning preference essence described set attributes and their values. preferences can have temporal, territorial limits and nominal range action. gravity points another entity described set attributes and their values. gravity points may have time limits and are usually tied geographic location (geographical coordinates determined automatically). the user moves, the gravio network will rely, the one hand, the specified public preferences the user, its geolocation and radius relevant "preferences" and, the other hand, the multiple gravity points. using semantic analysis elements, gravio will constantly (discreetly) analyze the compliance the attributes and values preferences and the attributes and values the points attraction within the radius action one another preference. conditional compliance found, gravio network, based the collected lexical base the user, sends the user message saying that there something within the specified radius that might interest him/her. for example, the user will create open "preference" simplest example): drink coffee arabic radius moving around the city his/her business, the user can get message from point attraction described (created) the example below: drink arabic coffee with cardamon drink espresso drink ... geographical coordinates (automatically determined during this case, when receiving the message, the user can "communicate" with the virtual assistant the place clarifying, for example, the product range ("do you have cheesecakes?"). the broad sense "attractions" allow/help: attract interesting contacts, activities, events travel (sights museums) attract offers services goods work and earn money for companies and entrepreneurs there arises opportunity use open user preferences (of course not directly) promote their products and services (both digital and non-digital) direct digital marketing. security concept several outstanding features gravio will make personal security advisor and officer. first, the natural language communication feature helps use connected devices and establish communication while user extremely occupied and case emergency, when the person has time switch interface windows type any text. gravio will learn appropriate vocabulary and semantics order communicate with the user effectively and provide communications with gravio devices for home and car, personal assistant the user's kid, a.s.o. for example, simple question "where are you ?", addressed kid's assistant, will return back his position. the same question may addressed the gravio.car the user forgot where had left the auto. from the other side, "car" "home" devices will react the events that require user's attention sending him message with appropriate picture made home security camera needed. taking care child, the assistant would study his usual routes and, there considerable deviation, will send alert about the unusual location and/or abnormal route. attending outpatient his/her home, the assistant will analyze medical sensors data stream (heart rate, blood pressure, oxygen saturation, etc.) order recognize the emergency time and send message the user immediately. the user would have chance respond quickly and decide whether contact the patient, ask the assistant for additional data call ambulance. eventually, gravio will: compound absolutely secure personal area iot network, including smart house elements, cars, home medical devices, home security system elements, and variety smart stuff from smartphones and tablets family members, home laptops and desktops new kinds devices developed the future. look after children and grandchildren, help take care people with disabilities and patients undergoing outpatient treatment home. create unified family security contour and alert system warn about potential past incidents. gravio will make the user's environment comfortable and safe. gravio will reduce the distance between the user and his/her family and will takes part the worries on. earnings concept each user the system will have his own personal account gravio coin (gio) wallet. when registering with the gravio ecosystem, the user will receive number gio tokens his gravio wallet. gio wallet will resides gravio servers. users will deal with through lightweight client app (gravio app). gravio servers and apps communication and subsequent information storing will built the extremely secure principles (see information security concept). various public groups the user can post digital content and set prices for (photos, videos, business intelligence, etc.) user can create paid group and set fee for participation (tuition, stock market predictions and many more). this case, when publishing material, the user can add some attributes and values that describe features the offer. the material added the proper public group, will also gravity point, being peculiar point without geotag. organize and manage the uploaded content, users can use content manager. content manager enables flexible management various materials that users share within groups and individually. content manager will organize materials section and category and link them the context discussions respective chat rooms. will also provide convenient interface quickly search the contents chat and catalogs. content manager will assist the dissemination the materials and will provide convenient interface monitor access, including access paid content. gravio will take all the complex monitoring access the paid content control participation relevant paid groups. motivation strongly believe open decentralized economy conjunction with cryptocurrency community. also sure, that the driving force the every economy the people. but, professionals see and understand how unattainably high the entry threshold for the ordinal user into this new bright world. that why one the main goals the gravio ecosystem unite people, business and smart things the simple and widely understandable principles. and sure together can it. can build very powerful community, that can change the world. coin details total tokens premine tokens) premine distribution (see also ico): investors tokens) community growth stimulation (cgs) bounty campaign new gravio users development team motivation and growth (dtm) investment distribution development plan ico bounty coin technical details halfing block reward new block difficulty recalculation block size algorithm mining pool: block explorer: wallet binaries: sources: code base: years years) tokens min day mib scrypt pow n/a till ico starts n/a till ico starts n/a till ico starts graviocoin core v... n/a till ico starts litecoin core v... base enhancements (for now) added optional "link" the resource the gravio ecosystem into the body transaction (each txout now has blob, where link stored). this link the information about how identify resource for which you pay for (in simplest sense) the gravio ecosystem. you can see this enhancements the linux/windows/macos graviocoin wallet ui. future works are working architectural concept, that will allow "compress" blocks into "superblock" chain. that technique will can help reduce full synchronization time several minutes gib full blockchain with communication channel about mib/s. bounty campaign are offering total amount bounty campaign gio premine). twitter follow our official page twitter. you retweet news marked with #gravioico from our official account within days after their publication and not later, and not delete them until the ico ends. each retweet will earn you the following amount points: followers and less point from followers points from followers points from followers points from followers points followers and more points the account must least month old. note: count only the posts that are marked with #gravioico our team. so, you add our hashtag any posts, will not counted. total amount for this category: gio campain) register here: https://goo.gl/forms/erikdhtsoebmyr crowdsale begin date: end date: utc utc premine gio amount will sold during ico campaign coins) our goal btc investment distribution development plan coin details bounty bitcointalk ann thread note please, patient all your transactions will processed hours max. note avoid misunderstanding when you send your money, please, read carefully "send money" tutorial. facebook repost our posts with the #gravioico hashtag. shares public pages and open groups facebook are also accepted. all reposts must public. each repost will earn you the following amount points: followers and less points from followers points from followers points from followers points from followers points followers and more points the account must least month old. note: count only the posts that are marked with #gravioico our team. so, you add our hashtag any posts, will not counted. register here: https://goo.gl/forms/otsfvdbvpim total amount for this category: gio campain) bitcointalk avatar and signature upload the avatar and write least constructive posts week. each week completed will earn you the following points: legendary/hero points sr./full points member: points jr. member: points using signatures relevant your rank bitcointalk gives you additionally points. our gio ann main thread. restrictions earn points this category: will ban and will not send gio coins spammers and multi accounts users who not post min posts per week for consecutive weeks will removed not count discussion boards (games and round, micro earnings, politics and society, off-topic, archival, posts "tipster" threads, auctions, lending, beginners and help, press, investor based games). register here: https://goo.gl/forms/ghmyetgbobwayap total amount for this category: gio campaign) bitcointalk translation and thread moderation use this form (https://goo.gl/forms/sajisebtswr) book your language ann translation and moderation. participants list. you will receive: points for ann translation, points for our main annotation post translation, points per page your thread. also for the white paper (coming soon) translation you will receive points. total amount for this category: gio campaign) write post your blog/social media each week completed will earn you the following points: legendary/hero points sr./full points member: points jr. member: points write post about gravio any language, with least characters and containing some links gravio.net. will estimate each article standard points), extended points) "wow" points). can your blog your social media personal page. course, this article should available the internet. also, class your article, will check the popularity your blog and the quality the content. send link, using this form: https://goo.gl/forms/zugabeeyzxmwl total amount for this category: gio campaign) make professional material and help publish the media you are media professional (journalist) and you can help create article popular media website outlet, you are welcome. will class each article standard points), extended points) superprofessional points) depending the media outlet and it's reach. apply, using this form: https://goo.gl/forms/wzrcnqyeuwzey total amount for this category: gio campaign) bounty distribution will distribute gio coins proportion the amount points each bounty campaign participant has earned each category. for example, after counting all twitter retweets, will make table where everyone who reposted will see their personal bounty points earned the twitter category. since there are gio coins dedicated the twitter category, those coins will distributed between all members participating the bounty campaign according the amount points they have earned. and on: for facebook campaign, btt avatar campaign, etc. summarize, points earned each campaign will not pooled together but rather the coins each category will divided each category separately. note: will collect subtotals each week friday. note: bounty distribution will done after ico ends. investment distribution development plan btc basic technology (fully functional mobile and desktop apps, integrated wallets secure payments, earn&spend, gravity system) data processing center btc basic technology (fully functional mobile and desktop apps, integrated wallets secure payments, earn&spend, gravity system, ddm) extended technology (basic iot/ciot software platform) data processing centers btc basic technology (fully functional mobile and desktop apps, integrated wallets secure payments, earn&spend, gravity system, ddm, business "places" templates and business "place" designer) extended technology (basic iot/ciot software platform, basic hardware platform gravio.* (home, hub) with some basic exchange protocols support) small-scale production gravio.home and gravio.hub devices support services centers data processing centers btc basic technology (fully functional mobile and desktop apps, integrated wallets secure payments, earn&spend, gravity system, ddm, business "places" templates and business "place" designer) extended technology (basic iot/ciot software platform, basic hardware platform gravio.* (home, hub)) full stack technology (full iot/ciot integration software platform with modern (open and proprietary) protocols support, full hardware gravio.* platform with wide spectrum physical interfaces support (including gravio.car devices)) medium-scale production gravio.home, gravio.hub and gravio.car devices support services centers data processing centers from btc and higher more than data processing centers worldwide high-scale production gravio.home, gravio.hub and gravio.car devices widely distributed support services network with official representation technological and functional concept the backbone the gravio network will include hardware&software solutions for end users gravio.home, gravio.car, gravio.hub and the end user applications for installation mobile platforms (smartphones, tablets, netbooks/notebooks) and desktops. support the operation the gravio network infrastructure, necessary deploy network (based dedicated servers) united into single cloud service. the architecture the network implies fairly high level decentralization. connect smart home things, devices, medical devices the gravio network, the user must purchase gravio.home. this home assistant that connects your home router and arranges for: search devices your home network (eth, wi-fi, bluetooth) and connection them encrypted channel the gravio cloud (internet should available through your home local area network) configuration data sources (stored locally, stored the cloud, not stored anywhere but necessary for generating events) configuring events, conditions required trigger them (based the connected devices and the data received from them) and addressees (all recipients must members/users gravio ecosystem) connect the gravio network car, the user must buy gravio.car. this assistant that can installed the car and offers the following features: connection the on-board vehicle network (if possible) connection one several cameras (if possible) connection the alarm system contour (if possible) the device equipped with cellular module for sim card with the possibility organizing internet channel (as the case with gravio.home only encrypted transport session with optional encryption content will used) configuration data sources (stored locally, stored the cloud, not stored anywhere but necessary for generating events) configuring events, conditions required trigger them (based the connected devices and the data received from them) and addressees (all recipients must members/users gravio) wi-fi access point for each gravio.* device necessary have special account the gravio ecosystem and establish "trust" relations with all accounts included your personal network. all gravio.* devices will provided with flexible web interface for basic device configutation. models, stream processing algorithms, stream modelling algorithms necessary for the operation the end user device (gravio.*) will loaded from the gravio cloud and continually maintained up-to-date automatically. all gravio.* devices will able operate sufficiently autonomously (in the absence communication channel)- models will processed; the data will stored and processed, and, once the communication channel restores, all necessary things will sent the cloud (as per priorities and necessary volumes). platform for machine learning, latent-semantic and probabilistic latent-semantic analyzers, voice analyzers and synthesizers will located the cloud (network servers, including those with dedicated server roles). user devices will only processing primary model elements computer vision (fast pattern recognition), primary statistical models. work the gravio network, user only must install the application his/her smartphone/tablet and register online. "communication" with home car assistant will primarily take place chat. processing appeal the virtual (home/car) assistant will done the cloud and only necessary the cloud service will interactively tap the "assistant" for required data (if they are not/should not the cloud). addition the chat, the user can make voice call his/her "assistant", ask questions and get voice synthesized responses. whether text voice chat, gravio network will try identify the meaning the question semantically and, necessary, will generate clarifying questions (request for specification "unknown" concepts, for example). gravio will examine the user vocabulary and build semantic associations between his/her smart things, events, car and, among others, other members the trusted network (other users). over time, virtual assistants ("users" the gravio system, and not necessarily tied gravio.* devices) could participate group text and voice chats. all digital content transmitted (by all users including virtual ones) will stored the gravio cloud with certain restrictions the total volume (including messages and group chats). for example, user group voice chat (or voice chat) may any time record call that will stored the cloud. the videos transferred from devices, pictures from the cameras, any objective data obtained received through gravio.* devices everything will stored the cloud. moreover, users can exchange basically any materials (documents various formats, video and audio files, photos and videos, including from smartphones, etc.) information security concept all the stored and passed content encrypted, including the one stored the user's device. the protocol serve the basis for exchange will subjected encryption too. other words: the transport session set between the client and the (front-end) server encrypted with session key the context the transport session messages will transmitted whose contents will encrypted (for the group chat) with unique content key unique content key within the chat (pp group) will available exclusively the chat users, but neither the transportation system nor the server system will not know about and, consequently, there would explicit access the content. moreover, content keys (used symmetric encryption) will encrypted with the public key from the pair that will generated during user registration. thus, the content key can opened with the private part the paired key (this information can accessed only the owner the account), and information about the account and the paired key will encoded turn with the access key that will generated each time based user data name and key secret phrase and will not stored anywhere. access key required for the absolute level protection for all user data. for different cognitive technologies function, takes access the user's correspondence (chats, group chats, speech-to-text data, objective data from devices), personal data and only with the purpose allowing machine learning. other cases, will the user data used. for this, the user must establish "trusting" relations with the network. transport sessions and the content passed within the transport session will encrypted. content keys will stored the user account, encrypted with the public key; respectively the content key can decrypted only with the private key. the pairs, both the open and the closed, will also stored (it necessary restore the account and use the same account different devices) the context the user account the (back-end) the system. access the account and the paired key provided means access key that will generated every time, necessary, based user name and secret key phrase using stationary hash algorithm (an algorithm independent the platform, operating system, bits) i.e. the resulting hash key will always the same all user's devices. the transmitted messages are encrypted with content keys (symmetric encryption). content key formed the inviting party. exchange content keys, pair keys generated public and private one. this pair generated once when registering the user and pre-saved the system's servers, pre-coded with access key. group users entity that created one the users the owner the group who invites other participants (candidates for inclusion). participant accepts invitation, his/her public key openly passed for participation the group. the same user rejects the invitation, excluded from the list candidates for inclusion. the user confirms the participation, the owner the group passes the content key the newly added user, having encrypted previously with new user public key. when group created, its owner enters the group name and generates constant content key for that group. the group content key stored the owner's user account, encrypted with the owner's public key. when inviting user the group, the content key sent (by the group owner) the appropriate invited user, encrypted with the user's public key, and content key for that group encrypted and secured the invited user's account. accordingly, send message the group, the user uploads (and caches) the content key encrypted with his/her public key and decrypts with the private key. next, using the decrypted content key the user encrypts the message sent the group context (or file). all the group members, having each his/her side proper content key (which has also been downloaded and decrypted), decrypt the sent message file arriving their client application. you remove user from the group the user leaves the group, the information about the content key this group removed from the user's account and regain access the user would need through the invitation procedure. group ownership can transferred another private person. the owner the group can leave the group only after the transfer ownership. the group can delete only the owner together with all the data. architecture gravio ecosystem will open source platform, which distributed under mit license. gravio based network transport servers-hubs. servers are divided into roles: front-end communication with user applications and maintenance transport sessions back-end content storage servers uds users discovery server ums users management server cds content discovery server seeder service broker provider the number servers for each role will vary depending the needs, scaling and redistribution the load. the basis for developing servers, micro servers, services, communication layer and integration layer with various devices the jet.framework, cross-platform process-oriented software platform. note: for now this proprietary platform developed the team members for the numerous commercial products and projects. and plan open significant part platform code. key features the jet.framework platform essential for the implementation the gravio ecosystem process-oriented core. the basis server operation the "processes" described directed graphs whose units contains processing elements (javascript), and the arcs between the processing elements are conditional (or absolute) transitions between them. cross-platform nature. jet.framework implemented ansi c++ and contains abstraction layer that separates the platform from the operating system. the "processes" will work the same different servers running different operating systems. response time. platform contains mechanisms measure the execution time unit and schedule execution the next process process step (unit). configurability. the server set developed modules that include: set "processes", set libraries (.js), description document maps, descriptions data sources and their formats, description the queues interaction description built-in storages (xmldb, db, timeseriesdb), description the distributed repositories and shared repositories. configuration modification can done without stopping the server itself, unless the binary code the jet.framework platform changes. performance. jet.framework platform focuses the development solutions that operate, among other things, mode close real time. when the server runs, the required number javascript machines with jit'ing used. the same time, maximize the performance, some the functions can implemented c++ and connected server api used writing the "processes". integrability. the platform contains specialized api and the corresponding sdk needed create adapters various systems and data sources. role structure. when describing the server configuration, one can assign one more performed roles. the role defines which modules should function particular server. scalability. the platform contains mechanisms create self-balancing network servers with assigned role structure. the servers the self-balancing network exchange information about the resources they utilize. event-driven processing. the platform allows building processing schema focusing on: generation events according combination factors (the result the "process") and reception and processing the resulting/incoming events (run suitable "process"). basic system statistical and probabilistic statistical modelling real time. analysis aggregate trends the behavior digital parameters (approximation, defining conformance with pre-set parameters), forecast the behavior the aggregate parameters the nearest discrete time seconds, ...), based actual data and revealed analytic curves. security. the opportunity use session encryption and content encryption when transferring information between the servers and services the system. the ability encrypt the stored data. network exchange. network exchange subsystem allows fine-tuning (at configuration levee) both message and query routing and the type and characteristics the transport used. this technology can used for both intraserver exchange and for sharing between network servers (including the end user application). can operated narrow and unstable communication channels.