abstract the rapid growth the comprehension and insight into genomic and human health data makes possible significantly prolong human life expectancy the next years. the comprehensive implementation personalized healthcare technology will the main driver this change. personalized health care services will rapidly become more popular the cost genome sequencing services rapidly falls within the next three five years. the vast majority health and medical providers the future will begin provide services based user genomes and daily health data. the gene source code (gsc) foundation committed building storage and decentralized application platform for genomic and health data, known the gene source code system. this system will built around human healthcare data ecosystem and create one unique economic mechanism. the ultimate goal encourage users share genomic and health data within the ecosystem, provide researchers with adequate data support, and provide data users with easy-to-use interface. the gsc system will create distributed storage network blockchain system that provides genetic data and individual health data through integrated interface. health and medical service providers, including hospitals, chronic disease management agencies, and health consulting service providers, can use the gsc system build dapps. these applications will provide users with personalized and accurate health services based their genomic and health data, they have given prior consent. the gsc team will firstly create smart health assistant dapp (which will motivate users share data and obtain health services),with which individual users, will receive gene token rewards when sharing health data, and may also obtain accurate health advice when they have shared enough data. the gsc foundation believes that it's every human's right live healthy life and that all people are universally equal even this era exponential technological growth. this right should not affected person's economic condition because each individual already contributing the overall health humankind. the gsc system will based secure blockchain technology and data encryption/masking technology that each individual has ownership his/her health data and the benefits that come from that ownership. table contents preface and background technology and blockchain's exponential growth the rapid development genomic and healthcare big data using genetic data the current status genome sequencing and health big data industry pain points limited ways access genome and healthcare big data scattered healthcare and medical data private companies and hospitals difficult review and utilize the storage genome and health big data presents challenges people have limited access their own healthcare data and receive little value from collecting iii blockchain technology and new opportunities blockchain technology the disruptive innovation blockchain technology drives genomic data storage and sharing the gene source code ecosystem the constituent units gene source code system interpretation the ecosystem blockchain solutions gene source code architecture design data layer architecture schema storage layer architecture schema incentive layer architecture schema application layer architecture schema dapp personal healthcare companion proof concept why can better team introduction gene source code team and partners have rich and international experience the gene source code project endorsed forward-looking scientists well known research institutions venture capital partners eco partners gene source code foundation's philosophy and goals vii gene token placement viii funding uses the gene source code foundation governance mechanism risks and disclaimer customer service, contact info and support preface and background technology and blockchain's exponential growth the exponential growth technology has profoundly and rapidly affected everyone's lives all fields, including the impact the skyrocketing growth blockchain technology. has been nine years since satoshi nakamoto invented bitcoin during this period, blockchain technology has rapidly developed and consolidated. digital cryptocurrency, represented bitcoin, has gradually begun understood, accepted and even sought after the public. bitcoin, which decentralizes digital virtual assets, commonly known digital gold, and bitcoin users have gradually expanded from crypto geeks the general public. the same time, there are many other exciting developments the blockchain cryptocurrency industry such the ethereum project, created vitalik buterin and gavin wood which has been very successful. due the ease use the ethereum design concept, more and more decentralized applications, dapps (distributed applications), are being built the technology platform ethereum. addition, there are now many high-profile blockchain projects such zcash, dash, eos, etc. the rapid development and evolution blockchain technologies will cause more and more industries embrace the application blockchain. the rapid development genomic and healthcare big data the same time, the field health science, the rapid development technology has presented both opportunities and challenges. the foreseeable future, mankind will benefit from sharing genetic big data, and result, improved healthcare will greatly extend lifespans and eliminate the vast majority diseases. the price genomic sequencing data continues drop rapidly, scientists and citizen scientists will have more access vast amounts genomic and human health data study and overcome specific medical and healthcare problems. the costs gene sequencing decrease, scientists and citizen scientists will able access vast amounts genetic and physical fitness data for academic medical purposes. addition, the research and review other species' dna will beneficial well. these studies will greatly advance our knowledge medicine, materials, and energy. using genetic data genes are substances that transmit genetic information. this information the source birth, aging, illness, and death. gene data contains large amount health information and closely related individual's health. present, genetic data mainly includes the following aspects: assisted clinical diagnosis many diseases show resemblance other diseases which leads difficulties discriminating between them clinically. also may lead incorrect diagnosis. genetic testing used find the cause the disease the genetic level, can help clinicians differentiate between various diseases and even correct clinical diagnosis mistakes. screening carriers one the most common health screenings for down syndrome. traditional screening for down syndrome performed serum. the detection rate only false negatives are inevitable. non-intrusive prenatal genetic testing can accurately detect children with down syndrome, including -trisomy syndrome and -trisomy syndrome. addition, the screening related disease-causing genes among high-risk groups with family history single-gene disorder (especially recessive disorder) can promptly detect the virulence gene carriers the family and analyze the pathogenic risk among offspring. these screening results provide family members with informative suggestions how prevent the defective genes from affecting the next generation. guided treatment the strength prescription decided after number extensive tests are performed groups. the doses decided this way are appropriate for most people, but not for everyone. some normal dosage prescriptions may cause death because the genetic differences among patients. then medicine, which supposed help the patient, may the end, further endanger patient's health. this phenomenon called adverse drug reactions (adr). one example the drug warfarin, which anticoagulant drug that prevents blood clotting). patients taking this medicine may greatly reduce their risk thrombosis; however, the anticoagulant prescribed too high dosage, the blood can fail coagulate properly and continuous bleeding may threaten the patient's life. the human body, there enzyme called cypc which can metabolize this anticoagulant, break down into small molecules, and destroy its anticoagulant effect. under normal circumstances, warfarin metabolized after completes its therapeutic action, and does harm the human body. however, person has mutations cypc production, his her metabolic function slows down and becomes poor metabolizer. result, warfarin metabolized slowly and accumulates the body, eventually causing continuous bleeding. the role genetic testing crucial this example. can, firstly, determine whether patient's cypc production has mutation, and then which metabolic type they belong to. once this known, the dosage the drug can based that individual's metabolism type. their metabolism strong, then the dose can increased somewhat; weak, then the dosage should reduced and the drug should closely monitored the blood. this not only guarantees the healing effect the drug but also causes adr. there are countless instances which the genetic testing the patient's metabolism plays important role determining the correct dosage. various genes are involved the metabolism drugs for depression, diabetes, asthma, and osteoporosis. although genetic testing can guarantee the correct dosage, person's individual genes are seldom considered when prescribing drugs, and result, some prescribed medicine causes adverse reactions certain patients from time time. predict the risk individual's illness modern medicine believes that disease comes from both genes and external factors. almost all diseases are related genes. some cases, genetic mutations cause dysfunctions the human body and cause physiological functions deviate from normal conditions, thereby creating opportunities for diseases. the same time, negative external factors (an unclean environment, harsh climate, poor diet, radiation, lack exercise, etc.) amplify the problematic consequences genetic mutations, and this combination external and internal factors causes disease. colon cancer example. the metabolism epithelial cells the colon controlled gene called apc. person's apc gene cannot properly control the normal metabolism epithelial cells, the uncontrolled epithelial cells may undergo excessive proliferation. this the genesis colon cancer. the dcc and genes the human body inhibit these cells from becoming cancerous. dcc and genes are also mutated and cannot effectively prevent the cancerous transformation these cells, the body faces the threat colon cancer. therefore, believe that the defects the apc, dcc and genes are closely related the occurrence colon cancer. people with these defective genes are faced with imminent risk colon cancer. through testing, before the subepithelial neoplasia spreads and evolves into colon cancer, the warning signs cancer may discovered. the disease can prevented beforehand through measures such improving health habits, improving one's living environment, scientific preventative healthcare, and the avoidance other adverse factors. the current status genome sequencing and health big data dna sequencing methods have developed rapidly, from manual capillary electrophoresis. the year was milestone year. through the efforts many countries, the hgp (human genome project), was completed after years work and cost million usd. the beginning the century, with the advent high-throughput sequencing technologies, both sequencing time and sequencing costs have been greatly reduced. the birth the first complete human genomic sequence map was accomplished three months the cost only million usd. technology continues evolve, sequencing fluxes continue grow. for example, illumina's sequencer now generates billions base pair data instead millions per day. also, the cost sequencing genome data for individual has been reduced from million decade ago less than dollars. it's likely, with advances technology that sequencing costs will continue decline, and expected that the cost single genome will fall the next years. nowadays, the development the dtc (direct-to-consumer) industry makes the gene sequencing process relatively easy. most the genome-level tests can performed with non-invasive sample collection methods, for example, extracting the dna completely through oral cells (saliva). and this method can already meet the quality criterion both first generation and second generation sequencing. although, the era big data has come, the main focus internet behavior and media data. increasing number wearable fitness devices enter the market and the internet things becomes popular, the focus human big data analysis expanding. the fitness big data era evolves, human health and fitness data will grow exponentially. widely accepted that collecting fitness data more valuable human well-being than tracking more traditional health data. http://fusionanalyticsworld.com/big-data-healthcare-market-reach--bn-/ industry pain points limited ways access genome and healthcare big data present, there are still many problems the field human genome research. the rapid development human genome technology requires huge amounts genome sample data and vast health-related datasets; however, the available methods for integrating this data are very limited. applications integrating large pools genomic and health data are still limited scientific research fields. moreover, scientists and researchers need spend large portion research funding obtain data, such data sharing between subjects quite limited, and the majority this data only from patients; there are very limited datasets from healthy people available. scattered healthcare and medical data private companies and hospitals difficult review and utilize although well known that genomic data can guide people towards adapting more healthy lifestyle, there incentive for the healthy population take the initiative obtain their own genomic data. meanwhile, health-related data such exercise data, diet data, medical records, and on, are often passively stored various private enterprises, and there almost sharing this valuable health data and thus possibility related research. source: data type clinical electronic records, medical records, etc. health check blood glucose, blood pressure, blood lipids, heart rate, height, weight, vision, etc. behavioral movement, use electronic equipment, etc. genetic genome information, family history, etc. environmental genome information, family history, etc. habitual smoking, alcohol consumption, poor diet, etc. basics gender, age, etc. the storage genome and health big data presents challenges the existing storage and computation technologies are obviously challenged: individual's original data volume can usually reach while the traditional way calculating individual genome pipeline requires about days. despite the current compression algorithms and parallel processing mechanisms for genomic data which can finish within hours, there still great need for massive storage and increased computational ability when dealing with large number individual genome samples. there still lack sample data both human genome data and multi-dimension healthcare big data, since most research institutes focus only the combination genome and tumor data. people have limited access their healthcare data and receive little value from collecting people are constantly generating vast amounts data, and health-related data crucial part that data. the sharing, aggregation, analysis, and utilization this data will have enormous added value. however, the source this data, and the data contributors, have never been involved this process nor benefitted from the value their own data. therefore, the standardization and systematic storage human genome and health big data urgent problem solved. the future, there will many applications that can locate and integrate this data provide personalized health advice users the user has given consent. this process great importance everyone's health and longevity and will aid eliminating disease. iii blockchain technology and new opportunities blockchain technology the disruptive innovation blockchain technology based decentralized network, combining encryption algorithms, data scheme innovation, and consensus mechanisms ensure the consistency and continuity distributed databases. the technology enables instant verification data, traceability, anonymity, and failure shielding, thus creating efficient, economical, and secure value-sharing system. therefore, the equality, security and mass computing power blockchain technology provides completely new potential for solving the problem storing and sharing human genomic data. blockchain technology drives genomic data storage and sharing encryption protocol and hashing mechanisms ensure that data encryption and transmission can shielded from any interference third parties and also ensure limited access the user's vital health data. the smart contract mechanism blockchain technology will provide individual users with the initiative share their own genome and health data since blockchain technology can provide confidence and protect the fairness the incentive mechanism. decentralization blockchain storage nodes will provide solid platform for providing researchers with equal access and sharing genomic and healthcare data. decentralized storage nodes with blockchain technology also enable the formation distributed networks provide vast amounts storage for genetic and healthcare data, with the capability design consensus mechanisms more secure manner. based the advantages blockchain technology above, the gene source code foundation will build innovative distributed genetic storage system and set application platform based genomic and healthcare data. hope this system will center establishing comprehensive health data utilization economic ecosystem. the mechanism can encourage users share genomic and health data within the ecosystem, and users can also get range health advice from the service providers. those activities also provide researchers with adequate data for specific scientific research. the gene source code system will build distributed storage system genetic and personal fitness data. health and medical care service providers, including hospitals, chronic disease management agencies, and health consulting services can develop dapps the gene source code chain system. the applications can provide personalized, precise service the basis user's permission, given genomic and health data. the gene source code ecosystem components the gene source code system this ecosystem will consist mainly the following parties: data contributors data users storage provider service providers gene source code ecosystem diagram interpretation the ecosystem data contributor: data contributors, who consistently contribute genomic and health data ecosystems were previously limited individual user contributors. individuals need clear about their willingness contribute health information continually and sign electronic agreement. they can then gradually share information exercise, diet, physical exams, and medical records downloading the personal healthcare companion app. smart contracts will ensure automatic and timely data storage, validation and encryption the distributed storage system, and the deposit corresponding gene currency into the user wallet simple and convenient manner. the initial phase ecosystem construction, the gene source code system will issue corresponding gene tokens according the quantity, quality and degree confidence the information provided the user. gene token distribution will work the following principles: principle the value individual data decreases over time the value individual health data decreases time goes by. the earlier contributors begin contribute data, the more gene tokens they receive. principle the value the data increases, data dimensions increase the value individual healthcare data will increase the amount contributed data increases. there are several dimensions healthcare data, such genomic data, exercise data, health check records, medical record data, etc. there are also subdivisions each dimension. the richness these data dimensions great value for interdisciplinary research. result, the more individual healthcare data dimensions available, the more gene coins will granted. principle continuous data with incremental value will more rewarding consistently provide personal health data. for example, the case exercise records, diet, etc., when certain threshold continuous contribution exceeded, additional gene token rewards will awarded. principle the addition genome data and health data will result greater rewards sharing genome data and health check data will garner more gene coins. genome data and health check record data are the core the electronic health record system, and the foundation the gene source code system. contributions these will generate additional gene coin rewards. the above principle implemented smart contracts within the health assistant dapp the gene source code system which rewards contributers according the rule gene token value assessment. after the construction the ecosystem, the gene source code system will develop fully functional sdk and encourage developers develop numerous personalized health management dapps with gene token rewards intrasystem financial stimulus. the sdk provides unified encryption and desensitization api standardize the format the accumulated genomic and fitness data. the same time, data contributors, through gene coin, can also purchase variety genomics and health data-centric health services provided service providerss within the gene source code system such as: sequencing services, health counseling services, genetic disease counseling services, sports nutrition recommendations, and even wide variety other types services based genomic data that may emerge the future. data users above all, data users, such university private research labs will through rigorous regulatory compliance checks before they can use any data. and they can also publish specific research projects using the personal healthcare companion app recruit specific data contributors and provide targeted and enriched individual health data. the same time the gene source code system will more open for data users. some permissions such calling service providers' api directly and applying bio-information data tools artificial intelligence assisted mining modules fitness data will granted users. data users will divided into business users and research users, the gene source code system will provide discounted prices gene token prices encourage the use platform data scientific research. currently, the demand for health and genomics data from laboratories and r&d facilities universities and enterprises growing significantly, especially for the well-defined and continuous data sets. storage providers the storage provider gets gene coin providing storage space. the early days, the gene coin obtained the storage provider will provided the gene source code system and later the consumer who stores the data. service providers, data contributors, data users all may need data storage services. all data will stored using powerful encryption and standard data masking methods. service providers service providers include sequencing companies, data analysis companies, hospitals, health management companies etc. opportunities serve users the gene source code system will screened the gene source code foundation. the foundation's screening criteria will announced the public directly for public scrutiny. users will able use gene coin get variety health services from service providers. blockchain solutions gene source code architecture the gene source code design uses simplified, four-layer technological model, including: data layer, storage layer, contract layer and application layer. each level consists the following components: data layer: consists standard blockchain chain structure. storage layer: mainly based ipfs and starfs decentralized storage system solve storage allocation problems. incentives layer: consolidation gene coin based incentive smart contract. application layer: gene source code data support system and data service support system. data layer architecture schema the data layer standard part blockchain structure. the data layer consists sequence time-stamped blocks, each which consists block header and transaction data. the data layer uses standard chain block chain structure, merkle tree, hash function, asymmetric encryption, time stamping and other technologies. shown below: for the specific block design, will use each block save the user transaction records, timestamps and the last block hash abstract code the traditional scheme. will likely choose ipfs positioning the source code digest which record the hash values for user genes and health data, and gene coin transaction histories across the blockchain system create decentralized system for storage and trading genomics and health related big data. this system currently targeted gene and health big data collection and exchange. the future will possible apply all kinds system data. the design consensus algorithms, the consensus algorithm the distributed ledger decides who the gene coin ecosystem will generate block with its own recorded version the ledger. the gene source code system will adopt self-designed consensus algorithm called athena reach the over all consensus. the exact technical description the athena implement will officially published yellow paper edition for the market version the dapp, which will released december, will employ mixed consensus dpos+pbft used side chain/private chain eos. dpos famous for being used eos whose efficient performance has made strong impression users. however, dpos far from satisfactory when resolving forks occurring the block chain. when malicious node creates several distinct versions the latest block, several forks occur the block chain, that consensus which fork genuine cannot reached. the coming producers will produce blocks along the fork which they choose until one fork gets the highest blockchain height. then, all block producers will come produce blocks for this longest fork. the duration absence consensus dpos relatively long. yet, dpos+pbft can solve this problem perfectly. dpos+pbft chooses several nodes candidate block producers dpos does. then, all stakeholders can vote among these candidates. every vote counted with respect its voter's asset. deal with the malicious behaviors byzantine nodes which produce several distinct versions blocks cause divergence, dpos+pbft requires that all producers reach consensus the content every block produced. pbft requires that all producers propagate the hash their respective version the block among producers. the producers agree that the producer taking charge the current time slot can only produce the version block which gets over two thirds votes. this way, the problem malicious forks mitigated. the gsc blockchain will integrate the most globally common genomic and fitness data format. will make missing formats and put all kinds data and data types the ecosystem the gene source code system. meanwhile, the system design will also integrate desensitization mechanism for genomic and fitness data and advanced data compression mechanism. storage layer architecture schema the storage layer the gene source code mainly based the ipfs distributed storage system. through peer-to-peer distributed version the file system, all connected through the same file system computing device. the use content-based addresses, which what users will search for, can make each storage node access faster and more secure. when gene and health data added the node the gene source code, gets new name. the name actually cryptographic hash, which calculated from the contents the file. this hash guaranteed encryption always represent only the contents the file. this hash will completely different even you modify only one bit data the file. however, for the genomic data, especially the results second generation sequencing where the same person's data hash value could slightly different, the gene source code storage will designed simplify the genome-wide and second generation exome sequencing while adding segmented storage format and personal identification storage mechanism, thus rendering genomic data viable for storage the blockchain. the distributed storage solution the gene source code serves well for both large and small files, and large files automatically cuts into smaller pieces that its nodes can not only download files from one server like http, but also from multiple servers simultaneously. the same time, hierarchical storage mechanism will added for the transfer and storage mass health data. the gene source code distributed storage solution can also solve data sharing and transmission problems. users can quickly find the url address block through the content digest code block using the distributed content summary table (dht), and transmit the block data the requesting client high speed technology. moreover, will also develop starfs service system. this file system allows create unlimited expansion virtual hard disk storage. matter how big the data stored the future, the network only needs constantly join the new server running starfs service expand storage space. starfs can also create redundant storage that minimizes data loss the event hardware storage failure. based starfs and ipfs, the gene source code will integrate the world's most versatile genomic and health data formats, defining the missing types integrate the range data and definitions into four-tier gene coin system. the same time the gene source code will also implement genomics and health data masking mechanism, and the leading data compression mechanism will integrated into the gene source code data storage solution. although the fact that any data the network stored several nodes guarantees the probability missing piece data trivial, still have employ heavy proof schemes regular basis, being provider health and genomic data sharing service, ensure the integrity data and handle data offline problems instantly they occur. the updates the field proof schemes happens continuously. storj and genaro adopts proof retrievability algorithm which inserts several sentinel blocks into normal blocks and check out the integrity status the sentinel blocks regularly guess the integrity the whole file. sia uses proof storage algorithm check out several blocks within random sampled window every time determine the condition the original file. filecoin relies proof replication detect potential malicious nodes which may degrade the integrity data with sybil identities, outsourcing and non-dedicated storage space. gene source code will investigate and weigh the pros and cons currently popular proof storage algorithms and independently develop novel proof storage algorithm--apollo. the details apollo will published technical yellow paper edition sharing health and genomic data the gene source code chain employs dynamic data access authorization algorithm--pegasus. will built several dynamic encryption algorithms including proxy reencryption framework cut the overhead repeated encryptions. concurrently, the encrypted data will carry identity-related digital watermarking serve evidence for prosecuting illegal off-line distributers the data. the details pegasus will published yellow paper edition incentive layer architecture schema the incentive layer composed data sharing incentive mechanism based smart contracts solve the problem gene coin distribution. the gene source code foundation will determine the economic balance mechanism through assessment and research finalize gene coin incentives for data contributors and storage providers while ensuring that data users and service providers have sufficient indirect incentives, ultimately incorporated into the smart contract system, achieve the overall incentive and benefit sharing objectives. application layer architecture schema the gene source code application layer composed the gene source code basic data infrastructure system and service providers open interface system. the gene source code basic data support system includes the data validation system(dvs), the data classification system(dcs), the genome analysis system(gas), and the health data model analysis system(hdma). these four subsystems will maintain solid data application infrastructure. the gene source code will also provide data open interface system for data service providers and data users get consolidated system data for various services the future. dapp personal healthcare companion proof concept dapp short for decentralized application. traditional web application client-server model composed frontend and server. dapp, the other hand, composition frontend and smart contracts. smart contracts run all nodes network rather than running single server. they exchange data with the block chain but through centralized database server. all these characteristics defines dapp. the gene source code chain system will provide platform running dapps and toolset for dapp development. developers can run their own dapp the gene source code chain system. core module the gene source code system provide dapp, personal healthcare companion for the public. this will the world's first comprehensive health management dapp based individual genetic data and multidimensional health data. this app will available the public personal healthcare companion with gamification functions. the personal healthcare companion will released two versions. the first promotion version which doesn't include main chain and peripheral functions. the rest the functions will implemented after the main chain online. the meantime, the gene source code foundation will cooperate with health service providers promote the development and propagation their dapp. after the completion the gene source code system and the personal healthcare companion app, the foundation's next goal establish common distributed system--a common blockchain system for data storage and exchange. enterprises and some individual users will able set and establish various subdivided data exchange dapps based this universal distributed system. why can better the gene source code team and partners have rich international experience the gene source code team has multidisciplinary experience block chain technology, bioinformatics, architecture, and network security, and can support the research and development gene coin. asian business partners gsc's asian business partner, starshipgene, has accumulated very substantial genetic testing and health management industry experience. its major business domain dtc (direct consumer) which, itself, relatively new application breakthrough the genetic testing industry. the dtc business model, has accumulated large number gene testing samples and sequencing and raw data analysis experience. the gene source code project endorsed forward-looking scientists well known research institutes "i'm very excited hear about gsc's innovation. the cross-border usage blockchain technology could revolutionize the health industry!" have heard many innovative ideas, but this one combining blockchain and genomic data storage ingenious." venture capital partners eco partners philosophy and goals the gene source code foundation the gene source code foundation philosophy the era exponential development science and technology, health right must the hands individuals. gene source code foundation's goals stages target names first stage mars estimated description completion personal healthcare companion promotion edition release dec. second stage solar system gene source code base system completed may third phase milky way universal storage mechanism release oct. fourth stage laniakea updated market mechanism for the universal may distributed data system vii gene token placement total amount gene tokens: billion private placement mining earn incentives for core team and global community ramp foundation development and user community ramp business development private placement will target less than investors and aims raise eth, the equivalent btc lock-up agreement: core gene source code team years, released each year business development months viii funding usage due local policy restriction for public funding, only through private placement for funding, and haven't got enough fund for prior usage plan adjust the funding usage ensure the dapp development and mainnet research. gene source code foundation governance mechanism the gene source code governance mechanism includes three-tier governance structure: the holders' assembly, the autonomous committee, and the executive committee. the executive committee consists the technical committee, the data management committee, the financial affairs committee, the legal affairs and risk management committee, and the marketing and public relations committee. the various committees' responsibilities are divided follows: the technical committee responsible for gsc technology management; specific work includes open source code management, code development, code modification, code testing, and code and agenda review. the data management committee responsible for data storage standards selection and development, data storage reliability, redundancy principles, and other data management principles. the financial affairs committee oversees the ethereum tokens and gene tokens including the usage and audit expenses, routine operations, arrangement staff expenses, etc. the legal and risk control committee responsible for the registration domestic and foreign companies, reviewing various agreements and giving professional advice legal matters. the marketing and public relations committee mainly serves the blockchain community and responsible for technical promotion, product promotion, business cooperation and publicity. risks and disclaimer technology progresses rapidly, the technical solutions described this white paper may subject change. the final implementation will prevail. blockchain and genomics are all cutting-edge, emerging technologies. gene tokens work based innovative blockchain technology and are the first its kind the world terms economic incentives and storage mechanisms. participate with caution, note all technical model uncertainties, and assess your own risk. this document only for informational purposes and does not constitute any representation regarding the sale purchase gene tokens nor the invitation buy products. this documents does not represent contractual commitment. the above information analysis does not constitute investment decision. this document does not constitute any investment advice intentions invest. once involved, the related parties are agreeing they are aware and accept the risks associated with the above-mentioned products and are willing bear any and all consequences. the gene source code foundation expressly disclaims any losses arising from participation gene source code projects and secondary market transactions. customer service, contact and support web:http://www.gscchain.org twitter:https://twitter.com/gsc_chain telegram:https://t.me/genesourcecode github:https://github.com/genesourcecodechain mediam:https://medium.com/@seq email: future@gscchain.org wechat:ssmom