sharing economy reimagined with blockchain notice nothing this whitepaper constitutes legal, financial, business tax advice and you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser before engaging any activity connection herewith. neither gsenetwork pte ltd. (the foundation), any the project team members who have worked the project develop gsenetwork any way whatsoever (the gsenetwork team), any distributor/vendor gse (the distributor), nor any service provider shall liable for any kind direct indirect damage loss whatsoever which you may suffer connection with accessing this whitepaper, the website https://www.gse.network/ any other websites materials published the foundation. this whitepaper intended for general informational purposes only and does not constitute prospectus, offer document, offer securities, solicitation for investment, any offer sell any product, item asset (whether digital otherwise). the information herein below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. there assurance the accuracy completeness such information and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information. where this whitepaper includes information that has been obtained from third party sources, the foundation and/or the gsenetwork team have not independently verified the accuracy completion such information. further, you acknowledge that circumstances may change and that this whitepaper may become outdated result; and the foundation under obligation update correct this document connection therewith. this whitepaper does not constitute any offer the foundation, the distributor the gsenetwork team sell any gse (as defined herein) nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance gsenetwork. the agreement between the distributor and you, relation any sale and purchase gse governed only the separate terms and conditions such agreement. accessing this whitepaper any part thereof, you represent and warrant the foundation, the distributor, its affiliates and the gsenetwork team follows: (a) you acknowledge, understand and agree that gse may have value, there guarantee representation value liquidity for gse, and gse not for speculative investment; (b) none the foundation, the distributor, its affiliates, and/or the gsenetwork team members shall responsible for liable for the value gse, the transferability and/or liquidity gse and/or the availability any market for gse through third parties otherwise; (c) any decision purchase any gse, you have not relied any statement set out this whitepaper; (d) you will and shall your own expense ensure compliance with all laws, regulatory requirements and restrictions applicable you (as the case may be); and (e) you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are not eligible purchase any gse you are citizen, national, resident (tax otherwise), domiciliary and/or green card holder geographic area country (i) where likely that the sale gse would construed the sale security (howsoever named) investment product and/or (ii) which access participation the gse token sale gsenetwork prohibited applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, administrative act, and/or (including without limitation the united states america, canada, new zealand, people's republic china and the republic korea). the foundation, the distributor and the gsenetwork team not and not purport make, and hereby disclaims, all representations, warranties undertaking any entity person (including without limitation warranties the accuracy, completeness, timeliness reliability the contents this whitepaper any other materials published the foundation). the maximum extent permitted law, the foundation, the distributor, their related entities and service providers shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including, without limitation, any liability arising from default negligence the part any them, any loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data) arising from the use this whitepaper any other materials published, its contents otherwise arising connection with the same. prospective purchasers gse should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties (including financial and legal risks and uncertainties) associated with the gse token sale, the foundation, the distributor and the gsenetwork team. all contributions will applied towards the foundation's objects, including without limitation promoting the research, design and development of, and advocacy for the application blockchain technology the sharing economy order enable blockchain technology deeply and positively influence human life, promote environmental protection, and create recognized token which can serve global users. the information set out this whitepaper for community discussion only and not legally binding. the agreement for sale and purchase gse and/or continued holding gse shall governed separate set terms and conditions token purchase agreement (as the case may be) setting out the terms such purchase and/or continued holding gse (the terms and conditions), which shall separately provided you made available https://www.gse.network/. the event any inconsistencies between the terms and conditions and this whitepaper, the terms and conditions shall prevail. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. all statements contained this whitepaper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made the foundation, the distributor and/or the gsenetwork team may constitute forward-looking statements (including statements regarding intent, belief current expectations with respect market conditions, business strategy and plans, financial condition, specific provisions and risk management practices). you are cautioned not place undue reliance these forward-looking statements given that these statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results materially different from that described such forward-looking statements, and independent third party has reviewed the reasonableness any such statements assumptions. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the date this whitepaper and the foundation, the distributor and the gsenetwork team expressly disclaims any responsibility (whether express implied) release any revisions these forward-looking statements reflect events after such date. this whitepaper may translated into language other than english and the event conflict ambiguity between the english language version and translated versions this whitepaper, the english language version shall prevail. you acknowledge that you have read and understood the english language version this whitepaper. part this whitepaper copied, reproduced, distributed disseminated any way without the prior written consent the foundation. table contents table contents chapter introduction the status quo our mission chapter problems and potentials problems the current sharing economy unleashing the potentials the sharing economy chapter the decentralized sharing economy network using blockchain technology the enabler the evolution the sharing economy chapter decentralized service (dservice) introduction dservice mainchain layer introduction dpos consensus algorithm dservice layer foundational contract module multi-dimensional user profile rating system order dispatch module anti-fraud module pricing module application layer chapter incentive model getting incentives right incentives sharing economy membership externality usage externality information externality design green-mining incentive chapter trust framework introduction trust and why important principles the trust model and types trust recording trust onto blockchain trust generation rules iot device governance trust score chapter tokenomics gse token production rate gse distribution gse based workload features gse token chapter roadmap chapter token distribution chapter risk uncertain regulations and enforcement actions competitors loss talent failure develop security weaknesses other risks chapter introduction the status quo with the advent web social trends and consumption behavior have changed drastically. prompted new wave community-sharing driven business-to-consumer (bc), business-tobusiness (bb) and peer-to-peer (pp) needs the pursuit new and better experiences. however, problems have also surfaced with the rapid growth the sharing economy, limiting its full potential. the key challenges that needs urgently addressed that are hindering the growth the global sharing economy are high intermediary costs, trust gap, monopolistic and fragmented landscape and the lack risk mitigation. gsenetwork aims tap the huge potential the sharing economy and champion the growth and transformation the global sharing economy create interdependent network users and providers. our mission our mission create decentralized global sharing economy network for the sharing economy based blockchain technology. focusing the global sharing economy our launch pad, aim build decentralized global sharing economy network with trust woven into its core, forming web interdependent decentralized marketplaces blockchain, transforming the sharing economy its next generation, offering greater accessibility and equitability its users. chapter problems and potentials problems the current sharing economy with the exponential increase the rate adoption the internet over the past two decades, became platform that facilitated the genesis and rise the sharing economy. driven shift emerging trends, the quest for new experiences, economic benefits, increased environmental and social awareness, the sharing economy has seen phenomenal growth. for advocates decentralization, the sharing economy utopia made real peers transact directly with peers, avoiding governmental corporate intermediaries. has proven boon regular income earners, allowing them profit from under-utilized assets like extra apartment space spare bikes and cars. has also transformed the employment market, opening avenues for micro-entrepreneurs better utilize their skills, resources and services (for example being instructor udemy being part-time on-demand taxi driver). overall, the sharing economy has been widely beneficial it's participants, offering additional income, providing them with more flexibility and autonomy the manners which they choose work whilst enabling better coordination underutilized assets the economy. however, the sharing economy continues grow scale, have the associated challenges and obstacles. the urgent goal fix the key issues that have hindered the growth the sharing economy. high intermediary fees its core, the sharing economy encourages the efficient utilization resources build social capital. the current structure the sharing economy business model made centralized platforms which gather and package resources cater consumers and providers, charging both parties high intermediary fees for this service. for instance, uber now charges drivers astounding percent and consumers percent the ride charges for every completed ride and airbnb generally charges hosts percent service fee and guests service fee percent. addition, the increment these fees are also the discretion these intermediaries. trust gap not even the unicorns the sharing economy have escaped controversies that threatened trust their users, the platforms and the products (rides and rentals). uber has made headlines over drivers' dissatisfaction and airbnb has had deal with myriad complaints well. survey done travel blog asher lyric showed that airbnb recorded nearly million stays, out which percent them became guest horror stories such last minute cancellations hosts, mismatched expectations, scams and fake listings reviews. fact, goldman sachs research's report "blockchain: putting theory into practice" has stated that the adoption lodging sites like airbnb are being hindered concerns about safety and security (guests) and property damage (hosts) and they have cited blockchain technology solution these problems. evident that the key underlying challenge ascertaining that the two transacting parties are acting good faith. monopolistic and fragmented landscape when company has conquered significant market share, the lack industry competition may lead complacency and self-beneficial strategy which creates disconnect between the brand and their consumers. addition, the first-generation sharing economy landscape largely fragmented with lack transparency. there are variety platforms that share the same product offerings but user would have visit each them individually assess the most suitable deals. for instance, booking the same hotel room may yield different prices expedia and hotelbooking.com. top that, user required register new account for every platform visits. this means every platform will own set the user's data and would have the potential misuse the data without the knowledge the user. lack risk mitigation the event disputes between the provider user, the intermediary should have mediator role play. yet often, the process get assistance not straightforward. other factors such human bias, discrimination and poor judgement may come into play that could cloud central arbitration process. unleashing the potentials the sharing economy pwc forecasted the global revenue the sharing economy hit billion expecting factors like trust, convenience and sense community push the adoption the sharing economy. juniper research identified industries the sharing economy that they have termed "ripe for disruption", forecasted significant growth specifically shared transport, shared space and shared logistics. the yano research institute estimated that transactions japan's sharing platforms would grow from billion yen million) around billion yen million) (takeo, china, the government promotes sharing "improve efficiencies resource usage" and "[make] people more affluent": its sharing economy research institute suggests the market value china's sharing activity will grow percent per year and account for percent gdp (yan, essence, the main factors that will continue drive the advancement and evolution the sharing economy are: increased participation rates the sharing economy resulting increased demand and supply rise integrated communications and transaction platforms such wechat pay and alipay enable greater user convenience deeper penetration internet things make the sharing economy more user-friendly and efficient our team strongly believes that the sharing economy powerful economic sector that will continue exhibit exponential growth and has contributed some the most impactful innovations that have enhanced the consumer experience greatly since its advent the last decade. hence, there urgent need disrupt this first-generation sharing economy plugging the gaps pave the way for the second-generation sharing economy. chapter the decentralized sharing economy network using blockchain technology the enabler blockchain facilitates the secure exchange value decentralized manner, removing the need for central intermediary. the unique proposition blockchain technology its ability run software applications (smart contracts) secure and decentralized peer-to-peer network that not controlled central party. fundamentally, blockchain-based applications are able govern, allocate and coordinate resources and activities, well facilitate interactions all participants without central arbitration. these features are perfectly aligned with our vision for the sharing economy decentralized structure which encourages usage the platform through distribution rewards. removing the intermediary, the externality value produced will redistributed those who contributed its value creation. believe that decentralized sharing economy will truly bring out the concept true sharing economy, facilitating the creation more innovative and community-driven applications, while rewarding bona fide participants. the evolution the sharing economy diagram the evolution sharing economy the sharing economy entering the next phase growth. the first generation sharing economy formed many new behaviors and benefits providers and consumers alike lowering costs ownership, greater access assets and services and opportunities for untapped markets. the next-generation sharing economy that gsenetwork sculpting can outlined using three-pillar approach: diagram three pillar infrastructure enable the generation sharing economy decentralized service (dservice) platform aim the key enabler sharing economy businesses the blockchain providing robust distributed service infrastructure for them build on. enabled dpos consensus mechanism; dservice's core components will implemented distributed systems the following areas: order dispatching system anti-fraud system multi-dimensional user profile rating system transparent pricing system doing so, the sharing economies dapp built our network can then focus their core businesses and gsenetwork will provide robust distributed infrastructure support them. decentralized app (dapp) the dservice platform will facilitate developers create their own decentralized app (dapp); which will allow participants create their own listings, browse through the product offerings and services available well make accept payment. essence, the dservice platform permits dapp ecosystem allow enterprises, third-party providers, users well mobile applications interact and transact on. incentive model through revolutionary green-mining approach transacting equates mining, gsenetwork aims redistribute the externalities created the ecosystem back the ecosystem contributors. build gsenetwork, intend forge strategic partnerships with sharing economy players all sizes, increase participation through integration the sharing economy marketplace onto blockchain. gsenetwork has forged strategic partnership with ofo, the world's largest bike-sharing platform introduce revolutionary token distribution mechanism green-mining global scale. having extensive global presence across countries, ofo suitable launchpad for integrate this model into real-world application, bringing blockchain closer the everyday user. part this partnership, piloted the "ride earn" green-mining campaign singapore reward ofo users with gse. using the "ride earn" campaign case study, gsenetwork redistributed the externalities created the ecosystem back its contributors this case, the ofo users. when users receive incentives the form gse tokens through their green mining activities they ride, they will turn motivated increase their participation rate and more engaged the global sharing economy. concurrently, the user base will increase, thus scaling the gsenetwork ecosystem. the implementation the incentive model would result the effective scalability gsenetwork, due the following reasons: gsenetwork rewards participants with gse tokens when they "transact and share" instead having "owning" asset. this will ultimately scale the global sharing economy, truly encouraging sharing behaviours. rewarding participants would increase participation rates, encouraging transactions within the global sharing economy. this will bring about exponential scaling network effect that would add value the gsenetwork ecosystem. with our revolutionary incentive model, gsenetwork well-poised the blockchain platform for the future global sharing economy. trust framework the incentive and tokenomics the gsenetwork are set increase user interactions, allowing gsenetwork document more user activities and behavior create holistic trust profile each individual user, forming the framework for the interdependency the network and the users. with clearly structured tokenomics model, gsenetwork would return the locus control the user determine the quality and quantity data provided the network, and return, receive the respective incentivization. chapter decentralized service (dservice) introduction dservice with the introduction smart contracts, blockchain technology have evolved from simple transaction ledgers computation platforms. blockchain veteran fred ehrsam once drawn this analogy: bitcoin calculator, ethereum computer. today, blockchain now able handle the vast range highly complex interactions with applications. smart contracts allow more than send and receive tokens. on-chain applications can make conditional decisions based upon on-chain data. within the gsenetwork, high-performance customizable smart contracts are deployed enable various functions within the community. this chapter introduces gsenetwork's technical architecture illustrate how the decentralized sharing economy network contributes multiple shared economic models with diagram showing the gsenetwork technology stack. gsenetwork can divided into layers the mainchain layer, dservice layer and application layer. diagram gsenetwork technical architecture amongst them, the mainchain layer the cornerstone the decentralized trust framework. the gsenetwork blockchain maintained thousands nodes the network. all nodes can store and process user information autonomously under the premise decentralized node control, and reach consensus the consistency processing results. the mainchain layer also provides smart contract system. with the help smart contract mechanism, the blockchain system can flexibly process data the network meet specific business needs. the dservice layer equivalent the "middleware" between the blockchain and the upper-layer applications. dservice consists several basic smart contracts running blockchain nodes and provides variety smart contract templates for higher level applications. developers can have the flexibility develop based these templates without being concerned about the implementation details smart contracts. user data from the upper-layer application passed the smart contract through dservice, which then processed numerous nodes the blockchain network. the dservice layer would equipped with four types modules cater the seamless onboarding businesses: order dispatching module anti-fraud module multi-dimensional user profile rating module pricing module with this infrastructure place, higher level applications would more equipped deal with flexible and complex business logic. the subsequent stages, dservice would provide richer features and greater compatibility for the sharing economy. the application layer would have variety shared economic applications, such bike-sharing, ridesharing and shared accommodation. with the increasing functionalities gsenetwork, would able attract the future participation more products create complete shared economic ecosystem. further elaborations would the subsequent sub-chapters. mainchain layer introduction blockchain peer-to-peer distributed ledger technology based cryptographic algorithm ensure the secure transfer value and information. guarantees the traceability and tamper resistance data based hash chain and timestamp mechanism. consensus-based algorithms ensure data consistency among nodes. based the above characteristics, the blockchain technically tackles the security problem brought the trust-based centralized model, and becomes the foundation the construction the decentralized trust framework. gsenetwork, the blockchain will provide secure data logging. the blockchain, signed external user and broadcast the entire blockchain network, the instructions processed all nodes are called transactions. this system, data from applications such shared bicycles and homestays are encapsulated into transactions, processed nodes the network, and recorded all nodes the entire network. for the data records stored the node, its security can guaranteed two ways. firstly, the data structure and consensus algorithm the blockchain itself can guarantee the immutability the data. secondly, the numerous nodes the network ensures that there single point failure; hence data records will never lost even some nodes are damaged. gsenetwork would need accommodate many participating nodes possible increase the security level the data records. gsenetwork intends adopt public chain technology. the public chain, any number nodes can participate the recording and processing data. combination with economic incentives, gsenetwork has the potential attract thousands nodes participate the maintenance the blockchain, creating highly secure data logging mechanism. all nodes the network would required process transactions and agree the consistency the processing results. therefore, the number blockchain nodes increases, the time consumed transaction processing and network resources may increase. addition, for applications such ridesharing and bike-sharing, the frequency transactions entering the blockchain network would significantly increase during peak hours. therefore, improving the efficiency transaction processes the blockchain would key factor the promotion gsenetwork. based this, gsenetwork intends adopt the delegated proof stake (dpos) mechanism the basis for processing and consensus transactions. compared with the traditional consensus mechanisms such pow and pbft, dpos would able maintain high transaction processing efficiency even when there large number nodes. dpos one the core technologies gsenetwork, would further discussed in-depth the following chapters. the future, the gsenetwork blockchain would adopt the sidechain technology. that time, through interactions, affiliated blockchains known "sidechains" would occur. each side chain has varying technical characteristics and would carry different types applications. transactions from app will sent specific sidechain and each sidechain would process the transactions parallel, thereby improving the speed transaction processing. another crucial feature provided the gsenetwork blockchain the "smart contract" mechanism. smart contract user-defined program that can deployed all blockchain nodes and has the ability host different applications and bound specific accounts. when the transaction recipient marked the bound account, triggers the program and the data carried the transaction would processed accordance the user-defined logic. the nodes the blockchain would agree the results the operation ensure consistent results. since the same set data would processed thousands nodes the network, the results the smart contract will extremely credible. smart contracts extend the use blockchains, enabling blockchains support more applications. the development gsenetwork, several smart contracts have been built the foundation. such smart contracts can combined into various basic service modules form the basis for the operation dservice. application developers are also able develop new smart contracts based specific business needs. order achieve on-chain and off-chain data collaboration, gsenetwork would introduce the oracle mechanism. the oracle mechanism unique facility adopted for the interaction between smart contracts and real world applications. one hand, collects external data through tools such iot devices and gps satellites. the other hand, encapsulates the collected data into transactions and handles them through specific smart contracts. subsidiary module the blockchain, the oracle mechanism able expand the data sources bridge communications between channels data sources and turns into bridge for communicating the blockchain and real world applications. dpos consensus algorithm the consensus mechanism the core concept blockchain technology, including practical byzantine fault tolerance algorithm (pbft), proof work (pow), proof-of-stake (pos), delegated proof stake (dpos) and other algorithms and their variants; which, dpos considered relatively robust, secure, highly distributed, flexible and efficient consensus algorithm. pow requires extensive computing power and time reach consensus and block confirmation; whereas pos staking mechanism has been criticized because gives unfair advantage those with marginally more tokens mine new block. adopting the dpos consensus mechanism; gsenetwork able mitigate these issues through voting processes; where token holders are able vote for the chosen "validators" transactions; these "validators" are referred delegates. under this consensus mechanism, all gse token holders are able exert certain degree impact the future the network. such, the adoption dpos mechanism encourages greater community participation and involvement. the voting power token holders are directly proportional their vested tokens; and they can vote for list potential delegates. the delegates shortlisted through community voting will evaluated the foundation, and ultimately appointed the foundation's discretion. this election process ensures that only reliable nodes will involved the consensus process, thereby ensuring the efficiency and vitality the network. listed below the block generation process detailed. registration potential delegates: the nodes the network that want become block producers are called delegates and their collections are recorded as{n,n,...ni the special transaction record sent are recorded tni indicating that the node has sent the transaction registered candidate representative, and locked certain amount tokens recorded cni the smart contract (with the minimum amount restrictions), credit endorsement promote and attract votes from other holders. general, the more tokens are locked, the more one can demonstrate his willingness secure the network, because the disruption consensus and security the network will cut off its locked tokens proportionally. generate delegate set: all the holders the network are recorded after votes for delegates {n,n ,...ni they are labelled hij indicating the jth holder who voted the ith delegate. the tokens chi are locked the corresponding delegates, and the total amount tokens which the holder locked the delegate recorded chi and the delegate account finally locked the smart contract cnitotal thereby calculated as: cnitotal chi cni finally, comparing the number locked tokens cnitotal corresponding all the delegates, the pre (the number set according the specific business logic and requirements) delegates are selected the representative set the participating consensus block validation: delegates set validate blocks the agreed order, each delegates can only validate block within specified period [ti ti+ ],, and blocks proposed other time are invalid. one delegate doesn't successfully validate blocks predetermined period, this delegate will skipped. for example, when doesn't validate block within [ti ti+ but di+ validates blocki+ [ti+ ti+ then the blockchain will blocki- blocki- blocki+ block was missed and blocks were produced the past hours, they will removed from the delegates set, and will penalized until they are once again re-elected delegate. this way, the stability blockchain can guaranteed, and the influence caused unreliable delegates can minimized. since the dpos consensus cooperative generation block rather than competitive generation block, the blockchain would not fork under normal circumstances. the blockchain has forks, the forked chain with more delegates would extend faster than the forked chain with fewer delegates, because the former will encounter fewer missing blocks, the longest chain represents the consensus amongst the majority the delegates. however; the delegates are ultimately decided the foundation, predict that the chances unplanned fork happening would very low. delegate-confirmed transaction: other delegates would verify the block produced the first delegate and add the next block. the blockchain, would assumed that less than one-third the nodes are malicious. there exists more than two-thirds different delegate behind block, would considered that the block confirmed the majority, resulting the transaction being deemed irreversible. for instance, there are total delegates, and there are different proposed blocks after the first, would irreversible. dservice layer above the blockchain layer the decentralized service (dservice) layer, which the "middleware" between the application layer and the blockchain layer. the dservice layer consists number smart contracts running the blockchain nodes and faces the upper-level applications, providing many foundational smart contract templates for the application. developers can flexibly develop based these templates. according the smart contract template provided dservice, can defined into modules: foundational contract module, order dispatch module, anti-fraud module, multi-dimensional user profile rating system, and pricing module. the foundational contract module mainly includes asset management contract and transaction management contracts. foundational contract module the foundational contract module the basis for dservice provide services users and necessary component for all other modules implement functions. the foundational contract module utilizes the smart contract template provided dservice, and mainly includes asset management contracts and transaction management contracts. asset management contracts primarily deal with operations related asset registration and revocation. when user registers asset gsenetwork, the asset management contract would invoked register the asset, and the user would required stake amount gse. inversely, when there cancellation booked asset, the asset management contract would proceed deregister the asset. the transaction contract facilitates the transaction between two contracting parties managing and monitoring the process. breach contract occurs, the transaction contract would automatically deduct the credit the defaulting party (the credit rating the user account based the information from behavior credit and credit rating) and the deposit. there breach contract, the transaction contract would automatically increase the credit rating both parties and transaction completed. multi-dimensional user profile rating system the multi-dimensional user profile rating system provides user credit references for other modules, denoted asuserprofile (userdata algprofile userdata {tra, eva, the objective determine the user's credit status based the user interaction information such the immutable transaction information tra and the evaluation information eva recorded the blockchain. the module only provides template for obtaining transaction data, the specific data mining algorithm algprofile and the user transaction information userdata that needs queried customizable based the user requirements. the factors the algorithm that didi, uber and other ridesharing companies use evaluate the credit status both driver and passenger mainly based their misbehaviors such order cancellations. the homesharing model such airbnb, the credit rating evaluated mainly mining the evaluation information both parties. the shared iot system such ofo, the credit status the equipment evaluated mining the user's evaluation the equipment, whether the equipment damaged, etc. order dispatch module the dispatch module provides the application with dynamic matching transaction services, denoted order(credittx credity algorder where creditx,y userprofile the core match the transaction based the credit creditx,y and the specific application scenarios the two parties. this module guarantees that under the same conditions, users with higher credit ratings will given the priority obtain services, encourage users maintain good credit rating, namely orderscore creditx,y the module only provides template for obtaining user credits from the target user profiling and the credit rating module. the priority order corresponding the specific rating and the rule the specific application scenario can customized according the user requirements. the dispatch module currently mainly applicable for ride sharing services such didi, uber, grab, etc. the specific variable rules that the software needs consider include rules that preferentially selects drivers closer proximity the passengers' pick points and judging the feasibility carpooling destination based the drivers' current location and passengers' destinations. anti-fraud module the anti-fraud module provides stability and security for the application and documented security(). exists identify fake users and the false information released according the credits the two parties and the specific transaction information feedback the target user profile and credit rating module perfect the user mapping. the module provides template for obtaining user credits from the target user profiling and credit rating module, template for obtaining transaction data, and template for feedback information. this allows users create user and information identification filters according their needs reject dealing with fake users. all shared economic systems, credit threshold can set. when the credit score the user lower than the threshold, the user deemed fake user, and the service would denied. didi, uber and other ridesharing system, possible preliminarily judge whether the information published the user authentic. can refuse respond the fake messages comparing the ride request initiated the user well the corresponding location. pricing module the pricing module provides dynamic price adjustment service for the app, denoted price({old_price}, {price_parameter}, alg_price). its objective allow users set the price adjustment rule alg_price achieve smart pricing and asset binding. the module provides the template for quoting transaction contract and set templates for price setting conditions. the specific price setting alg_price can designed the user according their needs. when the two parties transact, the transaction processing contract calls the relevant module the pricing module obtain the price information the corresponding asset. home-sharing service such airbnb, users can design series dynamic price rules based factors such the low and peak rental seasons and rental durations. transportation-related shared economy system, users can design set dynamic price rules based information such traffic conditions and travel time. application layer above the dservice layer the application layer, which carries variety shared economic applications, such ofo bike-sharing applications, didi, uber and other ridesharing and home-sharing services such airbnb. these applications can ported and expanded with the help modules provided the dservice layer. take the ridesharing system example. when user submits their vehicle information the system, the asset management contract called register the vehicle asset and the user would have stake amount gse tokens. the user then recognized the asset owner the blockchain. the transaction initiated when passenger enters the departure point and the destination. the system calls the anti-fraud module review the passenger's user information and the order information issued the passenger determine whether provide services. the case normal service provision, the system calls the dispatcher provide the vehicle owner for the passenger with dynamic matching. the beginning, according the starting point and destination the order, well the passenger profile obtained the user profile and credit scoring module, the order ranked; then the passenger searched among certain range vehicle owners. the range can set according the specific scene, and request from the user profiling and credit scoring module obtain the credit status the owner. under the same conditions, users with higher order scores are more likely receive the service, while owners with higher credits are more likely earn high-scoring orders. after the owner receive the order, both sides will reach trade consensus. the system will call pricing module automatically obtain the corresponding price the asset. the same time, the transaction contract called process the transaction. according the behavior both parties, the transaction contract can automatically handle the credit evaluation and the deposit both parties. during the operation the system, the user profile and credit scoring module pushes the transaction information onto the blockchain profile the user and analyze the corresponding credit status. upon the completion the transaction, gsenetwork will grant certain amount gse reward. the reward based the "green-mining" mechanism rules well the contribution the user the overall external system workload during this period time (system usage and information uploading). chapter incentive model getting incentives right through revolutionary green-mining approach transacting equates mining, gsenetwork wishes redistribute the externalities created the ecosystem back the ecosystem contributors. users will incentivized participate the network which will grow gsenetwork. gsenetwork has leveraged our strategic partnership with ofo the pilot platform trial the incentive model. incentives sharing economy both gsenetwork and partner platforms would share directly indirectly incurred costs since both would benefit from user transactions gsenetwork. gsenetwork benefits from more trust circulation when there are increased user transactions and varied platforms from externalities which illustrated follows. the sharing economy realized platforms the likes ofo, uber and airbnb. the key the business models these platforms internalize the externality generated all participating entities, such riders, drivers, travelers and hosts. the externality refers the behavior individuals that will bring about consequences (positive negative) the system and such externality neither priced nor traded. the externalities are absorbed the online platforms, which referred the 'internalization externality'. the platforms gain additional revenue from the externalities and all participants not get share out it. addition, the platforms may want utilize such revenue incentivise users. however, reflected the current market, very complicated execute systematic and optimized way. implementing blockchain technology would address the issue. the bike-sharing platform launch pad excellent real-world application for the mechanism. relying the decentralized recording function and issuance token, the externality consumers' contribution the bike-sharing platform can distributed the network achieve the optimal overall equilibrium. the externalities will covered the following sub-chapters: membership externality usage externality information externality membership externality the increase the number members will bring platforms additional resources, which not paid the creators but absorbed the platform higher pricing power. this would explain why there only one dominant player most sharing verticals since all resources tend gravitate towards the lead player. referring the ride-sharing platforms example, the increase the number members benefits the platform. more members would enable easier pairing between providers and users. consumers would choose the ridesharing platform and travel accommodation platforms with most availability. advertisers would gravitate towards platforms with the most users, and the popular platforms would able justify higher advertising fees with wider reach and higher effectiveness. the externality from increased membership rather exponential than linear with the number membership itself. however, not all parties the platform enjoy such benefits. usage externality higher frequency transactions would have two major positive externalities the platform. higher utilization rate implies higher circulation speed resources amongst all participants, which aligns with the core objective the sharing economy. users will find easier find bikes, rides, rooms and drivers would find easier have passengers, likewise for homeowners offering short-stay rental. the usage externality from increased frequency transactions and thus increased utilization the platform evident. information externality the third type contribution deserving incentive information (data) externality. apart from revenue itself, users and transactions contribute platforms with data well. the data includes demand patterns, reviews, photos, population distribution, tide-effects, etc. these data are great value the platforms for data mining for deeper business insights. fact, data has become the core asset any kind organizations, especially with the help advanced data mining technology like machine learning. organizations are enabled make better decisions all means with the control data. addition, platforms can cultivate and grow new business lines with the advantage such insights. however, the benefit such positive externalities again not shared with other participants, especially those who contribute such data. design green-mining incentive for every transaction created the network, the externality created will shared between parties the user, the foundation, suppliers and gse holders. order stimulate the growth gsenetwork,the externality distributed the foundation will distributed back users, suppliers and gse holders. take bike-sharing specific example sharing economies, call the incentive scheme "greenmining" achieve wider understanding the new concept since 'mining' has become popular term the trend blockchain and cryptocurrencies. the concept green-mining, users will rewarded with tokens after they take rides. the design green-mining should adhere the following guidelines: the design must have the ability quantify sharing activities and the ability translate them into workloads through clear approach; the collection workload data has have minimal impact user behavior, requiring low user perception the process and cannot too time-consuming; the workload data must associated with behavior subjects, possess anti-counterfeiting mechanism, and also support verification; among these conditions, the first condition the requirements the mechanism design, and the two latter conditions are ensured through technical means. will further elaborate the production and distribution gse, via green-mining, chapter chapter trust framework introduction trust and why important trust valued commodity, social currency that can facilitate transactions the sharing economy. intermediaries the first-generation sharing economy perceive authentic profiles the gateway transactions their platforms. every individual's digital footprint and social media profile are unique, each user should have ownership their personal digital data. with the aid blockchain technology, such records will permanent and traceable, forming the basis trust between user and provider. principles the trust model and types trust the gsenetwork defines trust using two core elements ascertain the authenticity the user profile existential trust and behavioral trust. existential trust the gsenetwork adopts internet things (iot) devices utilizing gps, fingerprint scanners, accelerometers and other iot indicators validate the authenticity the user's identity. each logged and authenticated interaction point would contribute the user's trust value. essentially,existential trust provides information about participant's existence. participant the gsenetwork with high existential trust may still exhibit bad behaviors, but he/she still likely truly exist, accounting for his/her existential trust score. there cap supply existential trust since participant can have large existential trust approximating infinity, correlating actual human behavior the longer person lives, the higher the number accumulated interactions with other individuals objects over lifespan. existential trust would decay over time. once participant stops interacting with other identities the network, the identity would gradually cease exist. thus, necessary introduce the concept accelerating decay existential trust, noting that objects would have slower speed decay compared humans. behavioral trust gsenetwork would able correlate the user's online activities, frequency and interaction with assets, people and platforms the user has interacted with determine the value their behavioral trust. high behavioral trust implies high likelihood that target has produced accountable and ethical actions, and low behavioral trust could result less than satisfactory interactions transactions the past. behavioral trust built-in pseudo-credit system gsenetwork. since not all iot devices can record and upload information about users' behavior, behavioral trust will have differ from existential trust. ideally, existential trust would awarded for every interaction participants. however, due the limitation iot devices, only specific interactions will awarded behavioral trust. thus term pseudo-credit system. before are able adequately equip behavioral trust-enabled iot devices with the right technology record accurate information gsenetwork requires, will closely observe the true effectiveness behavioral trust and compare against gse trust score other third party credit scores which will mentioned later chapters. taking the assumption that there are sufficient behavioral trust-enabled iot devices, several guidelines should followed: the total distribution behavioral trust should follow normal distribution, bell curve distribution. this complies with distribution reality where the majority users are ethical and have accountable actions. the supply trust both the individual micro level and population macro level, would governed normal distribution and therefore have diminishing marginal reward. this should adjusted automatically and dynamically based factors affecting the entire network such monthly active users and total monthly transactions. behavioral trust would also decay over time based the logic that when participant stops interacting with other parties assets, the system not able record information, hence losing information about and not that trustworthy before. decentralized trust framework means that users will own the data that they provide the network and able have control over the data that shared. users would able affect their own trust value through their actions and control how they are shared and utilized. recording trust onto blockchain diagram illustration trust system trust attribute for every id, and not separate token. cannot transferred another user, and would decay over time not maintained. iot devices will record each activity and interaction with physical assets blockchain first determining the transaction valid. valid, the transaction data will uploaded onto the blockchain. the uploading the transaction data would pass through decentralized oracle the gsenetwork before completion. the smart contracts attribute trust scores onto the user's profile through the network algorithms, and the trust smart contract rules are determined via decentralized voting system the gsenetwork community. trust generation rules this section will elaborate the trust generation rules and guidelines mentioned the previous section. existential trust will awarded participants for every interaction. specifically, lower trust identities would benefit, that say, gain bigger increase existential trust than high trust identities. some may wonder the 'singular point' for the entire gsenetwork since the trust has start somewhere decentralized way. solve this, all human users will granted initial trust which will decay over time. supplying 'genesis trust' each users, trust recognition realized with the help all users. two explanatory graphs such mechanism existential trust can seen below. once again, use our strategic partner, ofo, illustrate the case. diagram asset identification rider rides ofo bike with trust score. the rider with trust score will attribute the bike with addition trust score. diagram user identification rider with trust score rides bike with trust score the rider will gain trust score after interaction with the bike. there would possible changes behavioral trust when iot devices record new and additional behavioral data. fundamental sense, good behavior would rewarded with behavioral trust. iot device governance iot devices are crucial entity gsenetwork; they act oracles convert real world interactions the digital world, carrying trust information with them. single iot device may act node the chain possesses the required computation power, storage capacity and transmitting bandwidth. cases where iot device fails meet the minimum requirement node, shadow nodes will utilized. one shadow node can correspond one many iot devices. the iot devices serve data collector, oracle for the shadow node. the shadow node could pc, server, depending the requirement its device governance. shadow node shall have full core capabilities operating blockchain, especially 'mining'. data collection from iot devices may prone fraud and misuse; gsenetwork will require each shadow node put stake proportionate the number iot devices controls deposit. gsenetwork blockchain will provide mechanism for dispute stakes. should there any dispute fraud data integrity collected iot and uploaded shadow nodes, network members will able raise dispute against the node. the fraud proven true voting other means, the stake deposit will confiscated. trust score with proper control and approval, user's behavior can analyzed and any party can generate trust score for reference. this should composite score based both existential trust and behavioral trust while there could also specialized focus depending the application the trust score. would help promote the adoption the score the publicized rules for calculation are transparent and open sourced. however, having black box for calculating such scores will not critical barrier for the adoption, long the entity publicizing able verify its reputation and credibility. fundamental objective phase full suite access control will provided users reach the optimal balance between user privacy and data acquiring. chapter tokenomics gse token the token gsenetwork referred gse. the system will produce certain amount token every fixed period time. this process accompanied two categories behavior the system: first, the users' participation the green mining the sharing economy, and the other nodes' participation the accounting. each certain period, the produced token will distributed these two categories users based certain proportion. production rate gse the rate which the system produces gse any fixed period will decline over time, accordance with the following formula: sstep sinit catten -int((tcur-tinit )/tatten) f(c, tcur sstep the total number gse generated each period sinit the number gse generated each period during the genesis stage tcur the current time tinit the time genesis tatten :the period decline generation tokens catten the decline factor gse f(c, tcur function work based member sharing economy, such bike-sharing int(): stands for integer-valued function and its meaning that for each period time passed, the number gse generated each unit time will decline according certain rule. the number gse produced according the formula above will distributed among the contributors the sharing economy and accounting nodes. before the main chain gsenetwork released online, third party main chain will used for accounting. given that the transaction rate will hardly meet the needs huge number transactions the sharing economy, the accounting period will lag behind the generation workload green-mining before the main chain released online, therefore the system will pre-produce certain amount tokens based the production intervals the third party main chain and distribute them, and instant distribution will adopted after the main chain released. diagram gse production algorithm for bike sharing distribution gse based workload the measurement standard users' engagement the sharing economy, which could referred proof-of-labor, labor contribution will expressed (t), among them the total number users engaged riding period from quantification perspective, one hand, the feedback for users' contribution the sharing economy using the service and making payments should manifested. the other hand, the feedback for the positive influence sharing economy brought users' other non-payment engagements should also manifested. therefore sstep the feedback reward. the total mark for individual user's contribution green-mining: v(l (t)) w(lwi (t)) c(lri (t)) among them, w(lw (t))is the total amount labor the current period; c(lri (t)) the weight specific behaviors. based the definitions mentioned above, the rewards for particular user mainly depends the ratio user's workload the riding workload each period time and the rewards for feedback mainly depends the workload evaluation conducted external system. the latter will adjusted according the proportion the whole system. features gse token gse designed used solely gsenetwork unit exchange for all services gsenetwork, well providing the economic incentives which will consumed encourage participants contribute and maintain the ecosystem gsenetwork. gse integral and indispensable part gsenetwork, because the absence gse, there would common unit exchange pay for these costs, thus rendering the ecosystem gsenetwork unsustainable. gse non-refundable functional utility token. gse does not any way represent any shareholding, participation, right, title, interest the foundation, its affiliates, any other company, enterprise undertaking, nor will gse entitle token holders any promise fees, revenue, profits investment returns, and are not intended constitute securities singapore any relevant jurisdiction. gse may only utilised gsenetwork, and ownership gse carries rights, express implied, other than the right use gse means enable usage and interaction with gsenetwork. particular, you understand and accept that gse: non-refundable and cannot exchanged for cash (or its equivalent value any other assets) any payment obligation the foundation any affiliate; does not represent confer the token holder any right any form with respect the foundation (or any its affiliates) its revenues assets, including without limitation any right receive not intended representation money (including electronic money), security, commodity, bond, debt instrument any other kind financial instrument investment; not loan the foundation any its affiliates, not intended represent debt owed the foundation any its affiliates, and there expectation profit; and does not provide the token holder with any ownership other interest the foundation any its affiliates. the contributions the token sale will held the distributor (or its affiliate) after the token sale, and contributors will have economic legal right over beneficial interest these contributions the assets that entity after the token sale. the extent secondary market exchange place for gse does develop, would run and operated wholly independently the foundation, the distributor. the sale gse and gsenetwork. neither the foundation nor the distributor will create such secondary markets nor will either entity act exchange for gse. chapter roadmap gsenetwork will adopt ground-up approach build our platform. strong user base with stable value exchange, will the building blocks for strong foundation for the gsenetwork. this section, will set out timeline for gsenetwork technical developments. diagram gsenetwork roadmap overview chapter token distribution the entire volume gse shall billion, with .gse the minimum unit, follows: percent gse will set aside towards ecosystem building such green-mining, strategic partnerships, ecosystem incentives, etc percent gse will allocated the foundation order provide support for community operations percent gse will released private investors percent gse will allocated the team percent gse will allocated the advisors diagram percentage distribution token distribution chapter risk you acknowledge and agree that there are numerous risks associated with purchasing gse, holding gse, and using gse for participation gsenetwork uncertain regulations and enforcement actions the regulatory status gse and distributed ledger technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions. impossible predict how, when whether regulatory agencies may apply existing regulations create new regulations with respect such technology and its applications, including gse and/or gsenetwork. regulatory actions could negatively impact gse and/or gsenetwork various ways. the foundation (or its affiliates) may cease operations jurisdiction the event that regulatory actions, changes law regulation, make illegal operate such jurisdiction, commercially undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. after consulting with wide range legal advisors and continuous analysis the development and legal structure tokens, cautious approach will applied towards the sale gse. therefore, for the sale gse, the sale strategy may adjusted order avoid relevant legal risks much possible. competitors possible that alternative networks could established that utilize the same similar code and protocol underlying gse and/or gsenetwork and attempt recreate similar facilities. gsenetwork may required compete with these alternative networks, which could negatively impact gse and/or gsenetwork loss talent the development gsenetwork depends the continued cooperation the existing technical team and expert consultants, who are highly knowledgeable and experienced their respective sectors. the loss any member may adversely affect gsenetwork its future development. failure develop there the risk that the development gsenetwork will not executed implemented planned, for variety reasons, including without limitation the event decline the prices any digital asset, token gse, unforeseen technical difficulties, and shortage development funds for activities. security weaknesses hackers other malicious groups organizations may attempt interfere with gse and/or gsenetwork variety ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial service attacks, consensus-based attacks, sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. furthermore, there risk that third party member the foundation its affiliates may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses into the core infrastructure gse and/or gsenetwork which could negatively affect gse and/or gsenetwork other risks addition the aforementioned risks, there are other risks (as more particularly set out the terms and conditions) associated with your purchase, holding and use gse, including those that the foundation cannot anticipate. such risks may further materialise unanticipated variations combinations the aforementioned risks. you should conduct full due diligence the foundation, its affiliates and the gsenetwork team, well understand the overall framework and vision for gsenetwork prior purchasing gse. please visit https://www.gse.network send e-mail info@gse.network for more information.