white paper version global tokenized business with operating hacken cybersecurity ecosystem. cybersecurity products table contents summary disclaimer introduction what hacken ecosystem? the hacken token hkn token sale information token distribution during ico token distribution launch periods the principle hackenproof bug bounty platform advantages how does work? hackenproof roadmap cer problems that are going resolved specialists that are working cer target audience hacken hub anti-phishing service smart contract audit penetration testing hackit conference capture the flag competition hackit cup hackers hackit conference quick facts about ceo cso cto business development director cfo hackit lead manager coo cmo crypto exchange rating product manager hackenproof product manager brand director demand generation director growth hacker why does any this matter? summary this white paper explains the key business components hacken ecosystem. also details the recent initial coin offering (ico) hacken token that took place the autumn further, the document lays out the growth prospects hacken ecosystem. hacken ecosystem community-driven business organization with several jurisdictions worldwide. consists hacken hub (penetration testing, smart contract audit, and anti-phishing services), hackenproof bug bounty platform, crypto exchange ranks (cer), and hackit conference. hkn, erc token, the only payment method allowed within hacken ecosystem. buying hkns early allows token holders receive high-quality cybersecurity services the future attractive price. financial data and legal documentation hkn token sale are available separate attachment upon request. disclaimers this document and any related documentation not constitute offer solicitation sell shares securities. the information provided here not intended basis for any investment decision(s). hacken ecosystem does not provide investment advice, counsel, solicitation for investment any particular security and shall not construed such ways. this document does not constitute and should not construed offer for sale subscription. neither invitation offer buy any securities other financial instruments. introduction was stolen from coincheck and from bitgrail stolen from parity and $.m from coindash from bitfinex $.m from bitstamp from mt. gox these are daunting fiat equivalents lost evil hackers due various cryptocurrency infrastructure vulnerabilities. according tyler moore tulsa's tandy school computer science, since bitcoin's inception until march around all bitcoin exchanges were hacked. cryptocurrencies certainly are not the only businesses distressed malevolent hackers. according president trump, for instance, cybertheft the fastest growing crime the united states far. this presidential concern was followed big money. the united states invested over cybersecurity part the federal budget. this shows increase from the figure the amount funds the budget allocated for cybersecurity the obama administration unfortunately, there not enough talent make use these enormous financial resources. according cyberseek, there were more than open cybersecurity positions and this number projected rise when one observes the growing number evil hackers, one wonders why many positions the sphere are vacant. until recently, eastern europe (and ukraine particular) had been safe haven for various controversial online operations. boasting enormous numbers highly qualified math and computer science university graduates, the country still has little offer these people. nevertheless, ukrainian entrepreneurs behind such silicon valley unicorns paypal, whatsapp messenger, and even the very wifi technology you are likely using right now. ukraine also has long history somewhat complicated relationship with blockchain. while bitcoin has never been officially recognized legitimate payment tool local authorities, ukrainian startups and experts stand among global leaders the blockchain revolution. the story bitfury proves the point. established kyiv, bitfury controlled around the entire bitcoin processing power january achievement made possible due customized mining chipsets developed bitfury hardware engineers. bitfury also secured number unique partnerships, including the novel project allowing secure land titles via blockchain. for instance, bitfury launched joint project cooperation with the government georgia. since ukraine has the potential establish itself european cybersecurity hub, boosting expertise this area utmost importance. the value the ukrainian currency (hryvnia) fell following the military conflict with russia and booming blockchain industry will contribute the economy the country. the emergence this new vibrant industry should facilitated resourceful and ethical company with expertise cybersecurity. this where come into the game, meet hacken! our priority highlight the importance the white hat cybersecurity community for the infrastructure the world. so, offer stable means income for our clients and financial incentives for our members. the long run, your participation hacken ecosystem will help ensure that the next generation secure computer whiz kids will your side the firewall. what the hacken ecosystem? hacken ecosystem consists hacken token (hkn) and constellation cybersecurity services. the total supply hkns finite, limited million tokens. this number will decrease over time because the team performs routine token burns. these burns increase liquidity and decrease volatility the hkn token. business traders white hat hacker the businesses that comprise hacken ecosystem are hacken hub (penetration testing service, smart contract auditing, and anti-phishing services), hackenproof bug bounty platform, crypto exchange ranks (cer), and the annual hackit conference. this document contains detailed descriptions the four areas. community values are primary importance hacken encourage hkn token holders get involved through social media and participate the life the company. hkn specialized software utility token that employs cybersecurity professionals and offers project-based approach. the people holding hkn need communicate with each other order make use their hkns. our vibrant community enriches the experience each member and contributes the security their daily internet activities. while hacken ecosystem has detailed business plan, our focus goes beyond profit. one our goals grow and support various community events and meetups europe and beyond. towards this end, organize our very own international cybersecurity conference hackit. the cybersecurity industry requires expertise, ethics, and persistent training. empower our platform, ensure that give back the community. feel that setting hackit every year great way this. helps engage the cybersecurity industry worldwide through friendly competition, education, and entertainment. great illustration our core values the story oleksii matiiasevych-- ukrainian cybersecurity professional, edcc architect ambisafe, and technology advisor for the hacken team. july oleksii discovered critical vulnerability the code the parity ethereum wallet. there was time delay, oleksii found evidence ongoing attack that compromised hundreds ethereum wallets. ended "saving" $,,. worth ethereum and transferred the money from the compromised wallets the secure ones. oleksii then contacted white hat group they took charge locating and returning the coins their rightful owners. later, may oleksii matiiasevych helped prevent massive crisis large crypto marketplace identifying vulnerability that the top cryptocurrency exchanges were susceptible to. hacken support oleksii's standpoint, his policy the only acceptable course action such situations. being white hat hackers, adhere the ethics computer hacking what implies providing expert security assessment ensure comprehensive protection company's information systems. hacken specialists reflect appropriate goals, possess necessary knowledge and skills, well desire make the web safe again. the hacken token for many millennia, money has been efficient tool that unites organizations and drives their subsequent growth and development. hacken exception. the distributed nature blockchain has enabled engineer the hkn token that has the best qualities modern cryptocurrency. smart contract technology enables add additional layer hacken creating economic incentives and engaging the cybersecurity community promote ethical crypto use. hkn the only currency accepted within the hacken ecosystem. any services via hackenproof, hacken hub, advanced subscription our cer analytics must purchased hkns. this will reward community members who get paid hkns providing positive liquidity and low volatility. please note: hkn not intended digital currency, commodity, any other kind financial instrument. does not grant any share, stake, security, equivalent ownership rights including any right receive future revenue shares and intellectual property rights. hkn token sale information besides employing blockchain cybersecurity, hkn token also implements another interesting financial innovation the area tokenomics the "burning" principle which explain separate section this paper. total supply hackens @presale bonus) @main token sale symbol hkn minimum sale-in eth max cap .m. future emissions planned initial fiat equivalent hkn usd currencies accepted btc, eth, dash, ltc, usd, eur, taas length token sale one month escrow average the funds raised are kept escrow account *bonus program for the main token sale hours days days weeks token distribution during ico: open sale team remuneration advisors community manager volunteers bounties token distribution: the total amount hkns contributed funds raised tokens reserved for hkn core activities tokens reserved for advisory board and partners token holders hkns btc, eth, and hkn hkn launch periods: hackenproof platform cer hackit conference new competitions and speaking panels hackit will supported hacken hacken marketplace the principle when creating the hkn token, developed our very own "burning" principle. believe that "burning" will expedite the growth liquidity and lessen the volatility risks for hacken token holders over time. important for all owners hacken understand that "burning" applies platform fees only this reduces the amount hkns owned the founders the platform; not its customers security researchers. the burning hkns not integrated into the main smart contract hacken the ethereum network. want ensure that the hkn token transactions between investors and exchanges will not trigger the burning mechanism. the burning principle will applied only the "product" transactions; other words, all hkn transfers related the services hacken ecosystem. every hacken service transaction divided into parts. the first part the the net value hkns transferred. this amount immediately delivered the wallet the final recipient. for instance, hackenproof bug bounty payment hkns goes white hat hackers who submit vulnerabilities. case service purchase (e.g. anti-phishing smart contract audit), this amount hkns considered company's revenue. the remaining the transaction, tokens represent team fee. applied all services and payments should that hackenproof other hacken services. the other goes towards the token burn event. these tokens are transferred the hkn reserve. once the amount hkns the reserve equal total supply, the team will sell the tokens (i.e. the total amount hackens the moment the event) via major cryptocurrency exchanges. will announce the event social media with -hour notice. the sale will take place eet the day following the day the announcement. hacken will provide the list exchanges the public the time the event. reserve the right amend the list exchanges the future. the "burning" will influence the exchange rate hackens other crypto fiat currencies. this allows hacken maintain decent price tag for vulnerability search services, attract more white hat hackers the platform, and ensure stable and efficient maintenance our ecosystem. all the burning data will transparent and available the public via our website. hacken charges for each transaction the platform accumulated for platform development burned hkns reserve once the amount hkn reserved reaches the total amount hkn circulation hacken announces burning event hackenproof hackenproof bug bounty platform that helps businesses protect their digital assets, personal data customers, and their reputation through crowdsourced security. combining "crowd" cybersecurity researchers (white hat hackers) and hackenproof platform, deliver the quality service that cannot matched traditional cybersecurity firms. conventional cybersecurity services are constrained the size their teams: the amount time and skill employees have group. bug bounty platform solves this issue hundreds security researchers will test your product continuous basis. this approach allows identify vulnerabilities more efficiently and prevent possible cyber threats. responsible business that wants test the security their assets/ networks/systems. hackenproof team provides seamless work process between researchers and businesses. highly skilled security researchers from all over the world. the hackenproof platform has gathered great number skilled white hat hackers from all over the world that specialize finding vulnerabilities the web, mobile, hardware/iot, and especially blockchain applications and smart contracts. the core the hackenproof platform ethical cooperation between cybersecurity professionals and responsible companies who care about the security their products. ensure responsible and coordinated vulnerability disclosure and encourage white hat hackers protect modern businesses. any actions that may potentially damage the systems client are pre-negotiated and necessitate customer's consent. this process customization transparent and thoroughly planned advance. throughout the assessment, businesses receive frequent detailed reports from security researchers. tokenized platform decentralized among the community. receiving remuneration hkns, white hats are one the significant constituents representing the beneficiaries the platform. hkn's price directly depends the quality the services provided, the number secured clients, and the overall size the white hat community. bug bounty platform advantages unlike conventional cybersecurity firms, bug bounty platform attracts crowd highly skilled cybersecurity researchers with various backgrounds find product vulnerabilities. bug bounty platform provides transparent reporting, analytics, and information the current status your bug bounty program. the platform handles all operational issues validating submitted bugs, communicating with white hats, and organizing other operational activities. how does work? customers sign for the bug bounty program, choose program type (private public), determine the number white hat hackers and their skill set, and decide reward parameters. our security team helps customers set and manage their program(s). after the scope the security assessment established, our team invites the hackenproof community participate the bug bounty program. hundreds white hats evaluate customer's code search vulnerabilities. community members submit detailed reports all vulnerabilities they discover. their reports are checked for accuracy, relevance, and originality. white hats receive bounties for discovering valid vulnerabilities. customer may order additional professional advice from the hacken security solution team. hackenproof roadmap apr. vulnerability public disclosure feature flexible automated payouts jun. implementation hackenproof widget for submitting jul. enabling integrations with third parties via api aug. group researches and teamwork mechanism implementation sep. endorse and feedback module release beta version oct. source code proof programs sep. adding company scoreboard smart profile filling dec. decentralized review protocol mvp release cer crypto exchange ranks does analysis, scoring, and benchmarking exchanges the platform will ease the process finding relevant crypto exchange. cer provides analysis data from all major crypto exchanges. the information thoroughly analyzed via advanced economic and mathematic models, artificial intelligence, machine learning, linguistic programming, and detailed cybersecurity assessment. the processed data used input for multi-factor scoring model order produce the most precise estimations. result, cer clients receive accurate and up-to-date ratings trading platforms this information significantly enhances the decision-making processes when comes exchanges. problems that are going resolved liquidity; quotations clarity; kitchen-cheating; arbitrage trading; kyc and aml process; legal compliance legitimacy; withdrawal process and limits (counterparty risks); public opinion sensitivity; technical and cybersecurity sustainability. specialists that are working cer have main directions: economic and mathematic modeling risk assessment. -artificial intelligence and machine learning algorithmization. cybersecurity (hacken). nlp (neuro-linguistic programming). hft (high-frequency trading). target audience individual investors, institutional investors, traders (hft), crypto exchanges, independent governmental agencies, and traditional financial institutions. the latter, mean establishments, such pension capital funds, which not have direct exposure cryptocurrency and require tools analyze risks. hacken hub hacken hub provides wide range cybersecurity services. employ experts from across the world provide customized cybersecurity solutions for all kinds businesses. anti-phishing service specialists from hacken apply filters detect phishing messages and then compare the specified uri codes the ones cataloged growing database known malicious uris. another way hacken detects phishing sites determining features their behavior and blocking them automatically every time users come across them. our anti-phishing services also offer educational materials they teach users recognize phishing emails and dangerous sites, protect their computer and mobile devices, choose secure passwords, and block fraudulent google ads and fake social media accounts that violate user's brand name and success for nefarious ends. besides, one our most recent antiphishing services antiphishing bot. phishers and fake channels are the reason why developed the bot for telegram because this messaging service one the most popular communication channels the crypto and real worlds. among its most popular and useful features are blocking links modes, anti-admin phishing, statistics monitoring, and wallet recognition. smart contract audit tiny error defect the logic smart contract may lead the enormous financial loss. the external audit ensures that your smart contract works you expect: detects vulnerabilities the contract and double-checks the logic your program. hacken tests the code smart contract and suggests solutions for the detected issues. our methodology includes testing reentrancy attacks, access control, and many more. here are some key benefits doing smart contract audit with hacken: detailed report reliability when comes tight deadlines fixed and transparent pricing appropriate and easily interpretable audit metrics analysis and testing least two independent researchers. penetration testing penetration testing has become utmost importance for companies that operate the digital world. security testing for web and mobile applications performed find all possible vulnerabilities applications. hacken provides clients with black-, grey- and whitebox penetration testing. our professionals have substantial experience across different technology stacks and platforms. here are some key benefits doing smart contract audit with hacken: detailed report reliability when comes tight deadlines fixed and transparent pricing methodology description hackit conference hackit annual international forum cybersecurity held ukraine. the first hackit conference took place. gathered participants from two countries. next year, participants from six countries attended hackit. about people attended the conference last year. hackit will held for the fourth time and more than attendees are expected come. the conference offers speaking panels featuring local and international experts, well specialized cybersecurity competitions, which are free for everyone participate. capture the flag competition hackers compete categories online: web, misc, joy, crypto, pwn, reverse, forensics, and stego. thousands hackers worldwide take part the ctf competition test their skills and win money rewards and tickets hackit. hackit cup hackit cup onsite bug bounty marathon. real challenge for the best white hat hackers gathered under one roof: the participant who finds the highest number vulnerabilities the digital assets customer wins the competition. for the first time, this competition gathered the brightest hackers from all over the world and offered them chance participate private bug bounty program with instant payments. the participators sharpened their skills and showed dedication community values white hats. the board antonov mriya, one the largest airplanes the world, steve wozniak greeted these very researchers. hackers the selection round for this competition occurs during the first half the conference day. during the selection round, each participant has minutes solve the maximum number tasks earn points. during the second half the first conference day, finalists the selection round take the podium perform real-time cybersecurity problem-solving. their computer screens are broadcasted the audience, and their performance covered live cybersports anchor. hackit conference quick facts hackit community-driven event endorsed the local owasp and def coin groups the past conferences featured keynote addresses industry leaders: checkpoint, ey, samsung, cyphort, and globallogic hackit also features three online competitions: ctf, battle hackers, and cyberdetective osint challenge more than participants from countries took part hackit ctf hackit ctf winners, the dcua team, went become the best ctf team (according ctftime.org). hackit will aim bridge europe and asia. will last for days and will include workshop days, days speaking panels, and trip chornobyl. about all members our team have been involved various cybersecurity projects for the majority their careers. for long time, have seen the huge potential ukraine the area cybersecurity. recent state-sponsored cyber attacks the infrastructure the country led believe that our time had come. ceo dmytro budorin dmytro acca; worked deloitte for years various audit, erp implementation, and project management positions. while deloitte, dmytro won the deloitte cis audit challenge with his audit big data sap solution, which cis offices widely implemented. late, has been one the top executives ukraine's military defense industry. hacken, dmytro takes leading role: responsible for all managerial decisions and implementation hacken's long-term and short-term strategic goals. cso mykyta knysh mykyta hacken's chief security officer; specializes cybersecurity training for various governmental institutions ukraine. was non-regular consultant the administration the president ukraine and now former officer security services ukraine. mykyta managed his own successful business the field cybersecurity and co-founded hackit conference. his role provide operational security services the clients. cto andrii matiukhin andrii has years successful experience cybersecurity and implementation technologies: worked with such vendors checkpoint, cisco, and juniper networks. andrii successfully put forward complex technical solutions for more than dozen projects several countries for corporations, government agencies, banks, and even the international olympic games committee. his role hacken provide technological leadership, coordinate existing services, and support the interaction between business units within hacken ecosystem. business development director dr. yegor aushev yegor holds ph.d. high energy physics from desy, hamburg. the author scientific papers the field. since yegor has been the ceo information security group boutique cybersecurity firm offering penetration testing, data protection services, and information security audit. currently, yegor working entering new markets for hacken ecosystem and opening new offices overseas. moreover, yegor also responsible for government relations. cfo oleg zverlin oleg worked deloitte for more than years various management positions. finance professional with extensive hands-on experience financial analysis and corporate finance: m&a transaction services, business valuation, financial modeling, business plan development for strategic and financial investors. worked ukraine, the uk, and cis countries. hacken, oleg oversees company's finances: liquidity management, financial planning, and controlling. further, maintains the financial health hacken ecosystem. hackit lead manager vladimir taratushka vladimir studied informational security and has degree economical security. this hereditary coder started hacking games early and later switched commercial software. his background leads him into the crypto world, and vladimir started mining btc when the currency was valued just built distributed mining network, founded web developing company, co-founded hackit cybersecurity conference and protectmaster information security services company. coo andrey polyansky andrey highly qualified manager with more than years experience the finance industry. developed his expertise via banking career large international groups ukraine. andrey received mba degree and was accredited icu's executive coach. hacken, responsible for the management company's operations, hr, and procedures related the efficiency business development. cmo ivan hotsko ivan started his career with the startup precoro. then worked multi-regional seo specialist for templatemonster, one the world's biggest website template marketplaces. certified inbound and sales marketer, ivan focuses demand, leads, and customer generation. his primary responsibility generate revenue increasing roi through digital marketing operations. crypto exchange rating product manager shestakov dmytro dmytro has almost years experience the field investment management and strategy development; holds mba degree banking and finance. dmytro headed investment and innovations one the largest governmental enterprises the defense industry ukraine. moreover, dmytro has worked vice-president for strategy and development ukrainian interbank currency exchange. cer product manager, conducts market researches, generates product requirements, and represents products according time-integrated plans. hackenproof product manager evgenya borshevan before joining hacken, evgenia was charge one the largest cybersecurity conferences eastern europe hackit. she has taken part numerous scientific security conferences and summer schools europe. last but not least, she holds master's degree cybersecurity and the title certified ethical hacker. evgenia co-founder hacken and performs several tasks hackenproof product manager: she unites the efforts all security researchers, internal security team, sales, and product teams provide security excellence for responsible businesses. brand director marichka voitovich marichka implemented marketing and rebranding strategies for the first ukrainian weapon supplier and presented the company military exhibitions. she created set catalogs for all ukrainian weapons. marichka charge the brand promotion hacken ecosystem. she cultivates the image the hacken brand all over the world during international conferences. demand generation director hleb myrko hleb started his career co-founder educational project focused the african and asian markets. simultaneously, worked for uvocorp writing mentor and corporate trainer. hleb has master's degree management and economics, and certified inbound marketer. hacken, responsible for generating demand each strategic direction the hacken ecosystem operations including hkn token, hackenproof, cer, hub services, and hackit conference. growth hacker ilya alypov ilya certified inbound marketing specialist. specializes the development web solutions for small and medium businesses. further, focuses the organization confluences, product development, data-driven marketing, and design. his role the project design and build scalable and stable growth machine. why does any this matter? it's neither surprising that cybersecurity thriving industry, nor that the reason for that eastern europe becoming test site for state-sponsored cyber warfare. recently, blockchain has also come under attack and became test site for various penetration and hacking techniques (as mentioned the introduction section). the more blockchain projects emerge, the more black hat hackers focus their attention this industry. during these recent turbulent years, observed phenomenon that totally new eastern europe civic cyberactivism. most different ukrainian citizens university professors, business consultants, attorneys, and bankers united their efforts build collective cyber defense system for the country. cyberactivism positive development that may lead number favorable projects and initiatives. after all, despite superior institutional culture, proper training, and larger budgets, western firewalls failed recent years. cryptocurrencies play vital role enabling huge, distributed, and transparent cyberdefense budgets form decentralized network individual backers. that why the hkn token sale was major success! enabled build sound regional cyber defense system that adjusts meet potential years come. ultimately, intended launch movement that will focus countering international cybercrime and cooperate with different governmental institutions develop cybersecurity standards. hacken has straightforward business model: wide range cybersecurity services including bug bounty platform hackenproof and crypto security and analytics center --cer. look for the best talents existing cybersecurity ecosystems and give back the community. this latter effort our support hackit conference and assistance the global community via the services hacken hub. contact hope that this document provided solid arguments and detailed information about hacken's importance the global fintech industry. welcome you the hacken ecosystem! are happy provide you with assistance and more details info@hacken.io via our telegram group https://t.me/hacken_en. visit hacken's (hkn) official channels: official website; hub hacken; hackenproof; crypto exchange ranks. follow hacken's (hkn) official social media accounts: telegram; twitter; facebook; reddit;