hade token improves two hade technologies assets, hadeplatform.com and matrix white paper version !"#$ &'( )#*+,("- !(de technologies contents disclaimer vision value proposition whitepaper summary why blockchain hade platform market overview the hade difference: stages market disruption phase create unique and necessary product phase the hade token giveaway phase hade token rewards phase advertise with hade token hade token advertising value proposition phase hade store hade token market opportunity other expected uses hade timeline anticpated growth allocation hade token structure use proceeds leadership team advisors hade.io hade token white paper disclaimer the information set forth below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. while make every effort ensure that any material this white paper accurate and date, such material way constitutes the provision professional advice. hade platform does not guarantee, and accepts legal liability whatsoever arising from connected to, the accuracy, reliability, currency, completeness any material contained this white paper. investors and potential hade token holders should seek appropriate independent professional advice prior relying on, entering into any commitment transaction based material published this white paper, whereas material purely published for reference purposes alone. hade tokens will not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction. this white paper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. hade platform does not provide opinions any advice purchase, sell, otherwise transact with hade tokens and the fact presentation this white paper shall not form the basis of, relied upon connection with any contract investment decision. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the sale and purchase hade tokens, and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this white paper. important you are not eligible and you are not purchase hade tokens you are citizen resident (tax otherwise) singapore, other singapore person. "singapore person" generally defined natural person, residing the singapore any entity organized incorporated under the laws singapore. hade.io hade token white paper vision aim become the world's largest network for stock and crypto investment research leveraging blockchain technology with breakthrough products and services, indepedent analysis, and the delivery information and news single saas platform. decentralized bloomberg for both stock and crypto investors" hade.io hade token white paper news data blockchain technology analysis investments built platform that can redefine the standard for equity and crypto research with superior products and services the legacy offerings our competitors. believe that our ready-touse hade platform will just that; and aim take our vision one step further with the inclusion blockchain technology launch premium services, advertisement network, well promote social engagement our platform via reward system. the hade platform was built around the deployment innovating technologies such as: data visualization, data analytics, machine learning, and artificial intelligence that will push boundar- ies, lower costs, and significantly improve the quality legacy financial services. believe that blockchain technologies and hade token are crucial elements that vision, which our entire business built around. believe that hade platform the first and only product that will actually bridge the gap between fiat and cryptocurrency investors with products services serve both groups one place. hade.io hade token white paper summary hade token sale !"#$% hade &$%'$#(") amount raised token sale million million price per hade token exchange total tokens million purchased #$%&" '()& million all hade bonuses and incentives determined the time the token sale. aim raise approximately million once owners hade token, either selling all outstanding hade token rewards purchase during the token sale, from december through february. those who there will three key spending options purchase hade token during the token sale available within the next six months: premium will receive bonuses that will determined services, convert advertising spots, the time the token sale. round one will promoting content. and this does not include accept ethereum, bitcoin, and fiat while additional uses our pipeline such tifs, february only ethereum will purchase hade tokenized investment funds with hade pay. hade.io hade token white paper hade token the hade platform get hade tokens buy hade tokens token sale earn hade tokens supply) with hade rewards supply) bonus hade token supply) spend hade tokens purchase premium convert hade tokens spots services hade store that advertisers purchase hade platform with usd the hade platform the world's first database built around the inclusion companyspecific information. hade leverages what believe the world's most valuable database with cutting edge data visualization, data analytics, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and now blockchain technology. believe that blockchain technology will become built around the inclusion company-specific information. crucial component our platform for reasons that relate security, identification, transparency, and product development. result our technology, can offer superior versions services that top financial information technology service providers charge upwards annually for! believe that offering these services free charge gives unique opportunity reach millions monthly users and convert many more premium users our best products and services. hade.io hade token white paper more leverage with advertisers demand premium rates our goal october forward revenue rate monthly users incorporating blockchain technology $,, paid users and hade token rewards promote the sharing and creation exclusive content, believe hade platform can improve its facebook-like engagement achieve even greater social effect. believe that our plan executed properly that can pace create least $,, annual revenue october furthermore, expect have least monthly active users and paid users. while this may seem like overly optimistic goal, believe the advantages our platform including "freemium" business model coupled with plans expand our reach replicating our existing database and products with focus alternative investments (crypto-currency database) that our targets are far more realistic than overly optimistic. hade platform reuters eikon bloomberg portal visualize company data charts data companies stock screeners unique, company specific data data analysis tools real time news feed earnings predictions earnings predictions from machine learning year company revenue outlook year outlook for company specific product services access research reports real time, page research reports from cancel anytime, satisfaction guaranteed real time stock grades securities million billion valuation billion hade.io hade token white paper why blockchain? most obvious ways that hade platform will use blockchain technology customer and user ac- payment processing count verification from customers and organizations improved security for database and our customers against cyber-crime these three benefits will seen immediately deploy and integrate blockchain technologies, and hade token will equally large component realizing these benefits. naturally, these benefits give yet another advantage over the competition. our database technology with blockchain however, deploying blockchain improve our database and the trust our customers have our data could play huge role gaining ground market leaders our industry. customers often wonder how reliable data. the hade platform prides itself having the most reliable database due our manual collection, review, and quality control process before any information added our database. however, being able source the origination each data point decentralized, verifiable, immutable ledger would game-changing way support the accuracy, management, and reliability our database, which the most important component our business. addition gaining greater confidence and certainty about the origin data, believe shared data could take our artificial intelligence capabilities and insights the next level. the use blockchain with our database will lead more data, and thereby increase our capabilities with entirely new models. with blockchain, the days trusting data, research, and its conclusions are over. with blockchain, data verifiable, and that absolute gamechanger for early adopters the technology, like hade platform. hade.io hade token white paper blockchain: the perfect advertisement system what's great about blockchain gives the power make leaps forward that were never before possible with technology. takes every innovating technology utilize and makes even better. the same applies with our services. with the integration blockchain, will build the world's first fully transparent advertising system enforce accountability, and thereby deliver unprecedented results for campaigns. developing advertising system from the ground with the integration blockchain, deceiving advertisers with inflated impressions will thing the past. and believe this will make our platform more attractive for advertisers, because with blockchain, conversions are verifiable, the audience who viewing advertisements. hade.io hade token white paper market overview hade platform thomson reuters and bloomberg are multi-billion dollar companies that derive the overwhelming majority their revenues from premium financial services. most individual investors can't afford these services, thereby limiting use finance professionals who can pay upwards each year for services. seen the following chart, the hade platform provides the same core services individuals for free that one gets using the bloomberg terminal thomson reuters' flagship product, the reuters eikon. ycharts hade platform visualize company data charts data companies stock screeners unique, company specific data data analysis tools real time news feed earnings predictions earnings predictions from machine learning year company revenue outlook access research reports real time, page research reports from cancel anytime, satisfaction guaranteed real time stock grades securities mobile applications coming soon trade from platform coming soon year outlook for company specific product services reuters eikon bloomberg terminal hade.io hade token white paper competitors like bloomberg, reuters, and even ycharts, all mainly use the same what makes different database basic company and financial that our entire product built information, the user can easily access around unique database the revenue, profit, expenses, and other company information and next basic financial information potential investment. our database contains more than data categories, which means generation technology, like machine learning and artificial intelligence. well beyond basic financial information. track the data that really matters investor, such the following: basic data unique data revenue revenue revenue total assets total assets total assets gross profit gross profit gross profit new stores active customer accounts average overnight package america total stores number transactions average daily freight shipments america licensed revenue total payment volume internaional domestic revenue foodservice revenue united states revenue express total revenue americas operating income transaction revenue ground fuel expense literally strip more than companies our database down their core. therefore, believe, that gives the world's most valuable database. over the last year have built network products, services, and tools around our database, that utilize the world's most innovating technology. this will allow offer services and products that believe will redefine the equity research industry altogether; such real time in-depth research reports and stock grades more than companies from machine learning and artificial intelligence technology. hade.io hade token white paper how big our core market? over billion! reuters and bloomberg are duopoly the premium financial services space, but neither reach the total addressable market investors because their respective price. still, even with relatively low penetration the overall investment research community, these companies generate large sums revenue. believed that the overwhelming majority thomson reuters' billion subscription revenue from its financial risk segment came from eikon last year. and according report burton-taylor international, bloomberg terminal subscriptions finished and created billion revenue. while both companies can create meaningful revenue from their user base and premium products, the chart below illustrates how far even the larger bloomberg from peak penetration those who monthly investment research. unique monthly users july million million million million million million million million million million million million hade.io hade token white paper core addressable market over billion billion believe that hade platform can bridge this massive gap between premium financial services offered the likes billion bloomberg and the companies with larger network users that perform research free platforms. this will provide unique opportunity capitalize premium financial service users and the larger free estimated social media spend estimated premium financial service revenue from reuters bloomberg user base via advertising. order successfully, blockchain what's even better, that our long-term technology and hade token, will play vision spans well beyond equity research. crucial role both monetizing and keeping users engaged the hade platform, that can become the world's largest user network for investment; and penetrate our billion addressable market. have plan place penetrate the online brokerage industry and create new industry for cryptocurrency research that could double our addressable market longterm. for the time being, will focus penetrating our core billion market. the actual plan how achieve this goal presented next "the hade difference: stages market disruption" hade.io hade token white paper the hade difference stages market disruption phase hade platform development phase the hade giveaway phase hade token rewards phase advertise with hade token phase hade store hade.io hade token white paper phase create unique necessary product the hade platform provides multitude services, all which could demand premium monthly price. the world's first collection financial services created from machine learning algorithms and artificial intelligence serve finance professionals, individual investors, and institutions, for the purpose company information and equity research. what makes these products and services possible our database, with unique historical data that can't found anywhere else. phase since could not acquire the data, had create our unique database and the platform that surrounds it. order so, had manually search through company reports for each quarter thousands companies. then collect data, quality check data, and finally upload the information into our database. this ongoing project required many full time data analysts who manually collected and updated company information. these analysts have manually collected nearly unique data points that fall over categories more than companies. made the hade platform that user can access any one these data points with the click button. user can then compare any one data point any other data point they choose, which enables them then analyze whatever data points they choose. hade.io hade token white paper while many competitors such reuters, bloomberg, and morningstar have their own respective databases company information, the hade platform different because includes the unique company data that can't found anywhere else. here image that shows some unique data for mgm resorts and visa. you may think that mgm's las vegas strip occupancy rate, bellagio revenue, its casino revenue irrelevant. however, you are investor who trying find areas disconnect among various casinos, this detailed data the difference determining which would good, bad, great company invest in. or, maybe you are las vegas entertainer entrepreneur, seeking information that can help you contract negotiations planning expansion; hade platform where you can find the information you need. mgm visa unique data universal data unique data las vegas strip occupancy rate revenue credit debit volume casino revenue gross profit u.s. credit debit volume rooms revenue net income canada payment transactions bellagio revenue operating income service revenue the mirage revenue sg&a expenses data processing revenue excalibur operating income r&d expense credit payment volume casino expense total assets europe credit debit payment volume before the hade platform, investors would have manually search for unique company data sec filings and company earning reports. investors would seek this data because what often determines whether company good bad investment. what did was put all that data one place for investors access with the click button. developed the industry's most innovating visualization technology, and incorporated unmatched analysis technology give users the ability compare and contrast any combination data points. this accelerates the research process that goes into finding good investment, and itself, product that institutions would pay access. hade.io hade token white paper did not stop there. with such impressive, unmatched database, created product after product, and incorporated the world's best technology throughout. invested resources machine learning algorithms and artificial intelligence. now, investor can simultaneously rank more than companies produce real time research reports any company with the click button. addition this breakthrough technology, also have interactive predictions and forecasts that look several years into the future using machine learning algorithms. these algorithms were more accurate than the wall street consensus estimates; that virtually all investment banks, money managers, financial advisors, and investors alike, use determine company's revenue for the coming quarter year. how can accomplish what other company our industry has? all goes back our database. since have the data that one else has, can analyze companies and potential investments ways that have never been done. result, our service has proven itself extremely useful finance professionals and individual investors alike. trial random finance professionals and individual investors, the average time spent the hade platform per user was minutes and seconds per session, with nearly pages per session. that compares very well top social networks like facebook and snapchat that make fortune from advertising. average time spent per day youtube min twitter min instagram min snapchat min the hade platform min facebook min hade.io hade token white paper result, succeeded phase creating useful, powerful, truly unique and absolutely necessary product that believe will become the new standard for equity research and company information technology. however, our success does not mean will stop with the development phase will continuously strengthen our existing database, apply new technologies, and early will begin the development new database with the same technology for cryptocurrencies and alternative investment information and analysis. will not only become the go-to platform for company and financial information and analysis, but also the information and analysis cryptocurrencies, token sales, mutual funds, real estate investment trusts, and fixed income investments among others. you can see our development timeline for our crypto-currency database and products, which will create new industry that believe could generate even more revenue long-term than our business equity research software and services, where expect operate million revenue run rate october crypto currency database development timeline nov jan code, structure, and prepare for crypto-currency database begin data collection, quality control, and integration crypto database mar apply visualization and analysis technologies crypto database apr launch crypto visualization and analysis product hade users may begin month analysis monitoring aug apply algorithms data results continuous feed new data beta launch: token sale trends success prediction sept apply program for analyzation feedback nov beta launches: top crypto currencies (value, usage, upside) dec beta launch token sale scam risk grades feb analyze ai: premium crypto-currency beta services apr adjust algorithms and reapply with month test may form crypto-currency exchange and investment products from accumulated data and hade.io hade token white paper phase the hade giveaway are going give hade platform and nearly all its services away for free. over the course time, this action will cause disruption the company information technology industry. investors will find difficult pay per month for charting services, each month for even the most wide ranging legacy service providers when they can get most the valuable services they desire for free, with better technology and superior database. ycharts hade platform visualize company data charts data companies stock screeners unique, company specific data data analysis tools real time news feed earnings predictions earnings predictions from machine learning year company revenue outlook access research reports real time, page research reports from cancel anytime, satisfaction guaranteed real time stock grades securities mobile applications coming soon trade from platform coming soon year outlook for company specific product services reuters eikon bloomberg terminal our intention introduce traditional investors the crypto-currency market slowly, and introduce tokenized investment funds even slower. the long run, believe this will far more effective strategy for achieving long-term, sustainable adoption alternative, but cheaper and more secure type investing. hade.io hade token white paper our goal phase grow our network more than monthly active users within months. giving away such valuable products and services, believe our goal will met. the goal phase create the best possible customer experience, retain all users, and continuously grow our user base. during this month span, aim grow the network; disrupting the services and business models our competitors, develop new technologies and services that are currently our pipeline, collect and analyze internal data; ensure that phases and are success roll out hade token rewards, hade advertising network, and the hade store. hade.io hade token white paper phase hade token rewards the growth and user base our platform will allow build social network sorts where can incorporate many tools like chat, message boards, and instant messaging keep users engaged and sharing the ideas they form using the hade platform. the hade platform, possible create billions different charts, all which tell story about specific company. one reason that users spend much time the hade platform because there are many services, companies, and much data consume. one person could not possibly absorb all. however, network users working together and sharing thoughts could, and therefore would create more valuable product the process. that why aim introduce hade rewards the first quarter hade rewards will create system for delivering hade token users who achieve certain milestones carry out certain functions encourage users social, share the content they create, and play their part making the hade platform the best possible experience for all users. these hade token rewards will range from: ^^publish the charts and content you create the hade platform network ^^achieve milestones such likes comments content you publish the hade platform network. ^^promote the hade platform with referrals ^^improve the functionality with bug reports and contacting with any visualization analysis issues the exact number hade tokens per action will determined later time near deployment phase what know that users are more likely engaged when content original and diverse. with the hade token reward program, the quality and quantity content will improve and social network amongst all investors will created. meanwhile, the adoption hade token will serve the building blocks for the bridge that will connect traditional cryptocurrency investors, thereby setting the stage for large scale success phase and phase will allocate approximately all outstanding hade token our rewards program. hade.io hade token white paper phase advertise with hade token once surpass monthly active users and grow usage and consumption, advertising opportunities will created. those opportunities will only grow approach monthly active users. our business built staying ahead the competition and deploying the most innovating technologies that exist. blockchain undoubtedly natural part the hade platform's evolution, creating more secure network for transactions that cost effective. that's why will use hade token future component all transactions that take place our platform. this includes, but not limited to, advertisers, partners, and customers. average time spent per day youtube min twitter min instagram min snapchat min the hade platform min facebook min seen the above chart, usage hade platform very impressive with virtually social media like presence. with the inclusion hade token rewards, believe our platform will become social network sorts for the large finance community, thereby keeping the average time spent our platform high large scale. with addressable market million potential users, expected social media-like usage, the usefulness our program, coupled with the hade token rewards program; believe the hade platform can penetrate the billion social media advertising market, thereby creating meaningful usage potential for hade token. hade.io hade token white paper hade token advertising value proposition detailed the "anticipated two things: the size our entire advertising platform growth" section this white- network and the engagement hade token, advertising paper, spending should our users. the value network that expect cre- naturally rise our user base hade token will largely fluctu- ate nearly million annually grows and remains engaged. ate according the demand the start can keep users engaged, advertising our network, this not only creates more sharing ideas, and conversing and the demand for premium secure advertising network, throughout the day using services the hade store. but also incorporates block- the hade token rewards pro- chain technology maintain gram. result, advertisers hade token owner will better accounts transac- will see our platform way able convert their currency tions, advertising prices, and reach potential customers. variety advertising advertising performance. products and compensated eventually, believe the however, advertising won't via usd that the advertiser technology develop for just benefit the advertisers, pays. conversely, advertis- delivering, purchasing, and but rather owners hade ers may purchase their own pricing advertisements can token. those who own hade hade token market value used third-party sites token, can use their tokens advertise the network. achieve the same benefits that sell advertising spots via advertisers who wish pay blockchain gives us. therefore, conversion. much like all ad- usd, will still purchase hade will seek additional part- vertising networks, the value token indirectly from own- ners deliver ads from our our ads will determined ers. believe this will tie our network that use hade token. hade advertising network with hade token advertiser buys hade token advertiser converts hade hade token owner converts spot advertiser buys converted spot with usd token spot for use rates are determined supply, demand, user growth, and engagement users the platform. hade.io hade token white paper phase hade store the hade store will ever-evolving hub for premium financial services within our platform. this will include hade platform premium services and that other financial service providers. while present hade store the fifth stage our disruption process, will likely the first second deployed use hade token since three our premium services are ready for purchase this time. with that said, the hade store will add items that users can purchase add value their hade dashboard services. this will the first time put our blockchain technology use allowing users subscribe additional services with hade token and usd payment options. hade store products the pipeline portfolio risk analysis from token sale trends from real-time token sale artificial intelligence research reports from machine learning machine learning and macro analysis and potential token sale scams predictions for product from machine learning and real-time exchange traded and service categories (ie artificial intelligence crypto-currency research smartphone unit sales outlook, paas outlook) reports from machine token sale risk analysis learning from machine learning and takeover and buyout artificial intelligence predictions from machine mutual fund breakdown and alternative solutions learning and artificial top crypto-currencies intelligence value, upside, and usage from artificial intelligence from machine learning incorporating blockchain technology and hade token into our equity research platform, have great opportunity bridge two investment worlds, traditional with crypto-currency. many traditional investors who have never owned cryptocurrency will exposed its usage the hade platform. therefore, with network crypto-currency owners and traditional investors, will create services and products within the hade store serve all while expanding our platform's free usage serve more customers. hade.io hade token white paper its core, hade platform diversified database company and financial information with products and services built around that database for the purpose analysis. will continue grow our database horizontally and vertically with the addition real estate investment trusts, mutual funds, etfs, fixed income investments, along with crypto-currencies and token sales. crypto currency database development timeline: nov code, structure, and prepare for crypto- fact, incorporating leading database that strips crypto-curren- currency database cies and token sales down their core, and applies the indus- jan begin data try's best technology for sound analysis the next component building our unique product. much like create real time research reports with the click button for stock analysis, crypto collection, quality control, and integration crypto database mar apply visualization and analysis technologies investors will able the same for token sales exchange crypto database traded tokens. apr launch crypto visualization and analysis product result, will able create many premium services for investors all types, which believe will result significantly higher premium service revenue and higher conversion free paid users. hade users may begin month analysis monitoring aug apply algorithms data results continuous feed new data with that said, stages and will further ensure that the hade store's ongoing development will success. creating absolutely necessary breakthrough service that eliminates the need for competing premium financial services (stage ensure that the hade platform service that all investors and cryptocurrency owners will use. letting users access this product for free (stage increase the likelihood large scale usage, and surpassing our monthly active user goal. beta launch: token sale trends success prediction sept apply program for analyzation feedback nov beta launches: top crypto currencies (value, usage, upside) dec beta launch token sale scam risk grades feb analyze ai: premium crypto-currency beta the integration blockchain, hade token, and the hade token services reward program without question the most crucial elements apr adjust algo- our business (stage this point our business cycle test have large network crypto-currency and traditional investors our platform, and through the use our reward program, expect thousands traditional investors own hade token who were not previously owners crypto-currencies. believe this rithms and reapply with month may form cryptocurrency exchange and investment products from accumulated data and will increase the likelihood greater diversification into cryptocurrencies and the purchase products and services hade hade.io hade token white paper the premium services will sell the hade store are cutting edge beyond anything the multi-billion dollar equity research industry. three these services are already created and market ready, and what's appealing about these services that they are real time and compare any company against others truly allow investors find misplaced bets. ^^real time research reports any company our database with the click button. ^^a service that grades all companies our database for its attractiveness value/growth investment opportunity. ^^a service that grades all companies our database for its attractiveness dividend investment opportunity. these are services that many our large network users will purchase. since many these users will own hade token via the token rewards program, using hade token for services will popular choice. believe there are many ways which the hade store will encourage the use and purchase hade token. hade store will: ^^allow users who own hade token purchase premium services. ^^promote the purchase additional hade tokens for users who have earned bought some hade token, but don't own enough purchae premium services. ^^showcase the increased security profile with blockchain technology and cryptocurrency investors with previous ownership usages. ^^encourage the use hade token over usd discount because cheaper process. ^^incentivize the participants hade token rewards accelerate their contributions the program. ^^give traditional investors sense familiarity and comfort with using cryptocurrencies make real life purchases. ^^let traditional investors see first-hand the benefits cryptocurrencies over usd purchase services where the risk security breach could regularly concern. ^^prepare our large user base for more cryptocurrency products come. hade.io hade token white paper hade token market opportunity believe the hade store has huge opportunity the premium financial services space, arena where reuters and bloomberg created nearly billion combined last year. with what believe are superior services, the opportunity create meaningful revenue from the hade store, with hade token, could unprecedented for crypto-currency. explained phase which detailed why believe the hade platform will penetrate the social media advertisement spending market, coupled with our target market premium financial services, estimate our total addressable market billion for hade platform's core service related equity research. believe that hade platform will eventually surpass billion annual revenue from the hade store and hade advertising pursue crypto-currency research, online brokerage, and investment products. while difficult accurately predict what percent our transactions and rev- total addressable market over billion enue will derive from hade token, believe will meaningful share. our goal for more than all transactions the hade platform done via billion blockchain and hade token. with hade rewards program place coupled with billion the cost effectiveness and improved security profile involved with blockchain, expect reach our goal having more than all transactions done the hade platform with hade token and blockchain. estimated social media spend estimated premium financial service revenue from reuters bloomberg hade.io hade token white paper below list premium services our pipeline that will soon arrive the hade store. all these services are driven machine learning algorithms, artificial intelligence, and analysis our current future database. portfolio risk analysis from token sale risk analysis from artificial intelligence machine learning and artificial intelligence macro analysis and predictions for product and service categories (i.e. smartphone unit sales outlook, paas outlook) top crypto-currencies takeover and buyout real-time token sale research predictions from machine learning and artificial intelligence reports from machine learning and token sale trends from real-time exchange traded machine learning crypto-currency research reports from machine learning value, upside, and usage from machine learning potential token sale scams from machine learning and artificial intelligence mutual fund breakdown and alternative solutions from artificial intelligence hade.io hade token white paper other expected uses hade token enterprise customer accounts the hade platform project began with com). our enterprise customers access all building unique database coupled with free, plus premium hade platform servic- the best visualization and analysis tech- es, employee productivity tools, customer nology. the ideas incorporate machine relationship management tools, and cor- learning algorithms, artificial intelligence, porate communication products from their and build products around the database hade platform company subdomain. came the platform was under development. found new ways use the these enterprise customers who use the database. hade platform decrease their costs due more effective research and employee believe hade token will similar. coordination are more productive using our management tools; and increase know that hade token will use block- their returns and revenue through better chain technology for the purchase communication and illustrations clients, advertisements, premium services, and pay six and seven figures annually for the reward system. however, also believe service. believe hade token could hade token could play important role used partial full payment for ser- with our enterprise customers who license vice. this certainly something will our services company designated work perfect. subdomain (ie abcfinance.hadeplatform. tokenized investment funds and brokerage services one our goals allow direct trading years, and succeeding all levels our from hade platform and become online phases market disruption achieve this brokerage with company created mutual goal. however, believe will well worth funds. goal that will likely take two the time, energy, and wait the end. hade.io hade token white paper another goal create multitude form and will see our technology work for investment products such mutual funds two years, our marketing, advertising, and and etfs that are sold from our platform. customer acquisition costs will lower too. unlike traditional products, with analysts and finally, can incorporate blockchain and portfolio managers place allocate and crypto-currencies like hade token into the rebalance the holdings these products; purchasing these products, our costs will aim significantly cut costs deploying the even lower while being able ensure technology use the hade platform. the highest security profile for our customers. long-term, believe may even already, are tracking and storing real possible create investment products time stock data for more than com- that include traditional and crypto-currency panies each and every day. are applying assets, like hade token. this vision data for those companies not found any- will pursue vigorously, and optimistically where else. from this information, coupled market will created. the question what with machine learning algorithms, have company has the right strategy place managed determine the metrics that re- bridge these two worlds. believe ally matter regards stock performance. hade platform, which has the system already place and the underlying product look more than factors for each so. company, every day, and then each factor given score. the cumulative score equals according investment company institute, its grade, whether for dividend, value, the mutual fund industry had trillion growth stocks. aim create funds assets the end and tril- and other investment products from this lion belonged the largest companies. technology, the same technology that pre- therefore, the addressable market very dicted future revenue better than wall large, but fragmented. with strategies street consensus estimates the second place save costs three distinct areas, quarter. the hade platform has the opportunity create products with management, per- using machine learning algorithms and formance, structuring, maintenance, and artificial intelligence create, manage, and transaction costs that are significantly lower rebalance investment products, won't than the current market standard. this will have the high costs associated with creating only help start making our products and managing funds that fidelity, van- available for purchase for the hade platform guard, franklin templeton have. since our network users. potential buyers will derive from our plat- hade.io hade token white paper timeline hade platform development begins companies our database apply technologies integrate quality control add computer engineers for machine learning database reaches companies begin trial with random finance professionals and individual investors database reaches companies. prepare launch launch hade platform public hade store with three premium products hade platform mobile app launch begin crypto platform development launch hade token rewards complete crm, productivity, and communication suite for enterprise customers hade store has premium products launch hade advertising network direct trading from hade platform hade.io hade token white paper anticipated growth expected monthly active users growth oct oct oct oct the graph above illustrates our expected monthly active user growth trajectory from hade platform launch september until october when anticipate monthly active users. this goal represents conservative estimate our addressable market; internally project more than twice our goal monthly users. expect achieve such rapid growth implementing the growth strategy detailed stages market disruption", which includes, allowing free access and use our platform, implementing social network shared investment ideas, and analysis via hade token rewards. also includes the continuous development free and premium financial company analysis products. believe our product's uniqueness and superiority all existing products and services our field will allow reach, not exceed, our monthly active user target ,,. hade.io hade token white paper annual advertising revenue per mau july oct jan apr jul oct jan apr jul oct one way monetize our user base with the another important source revenue will hade advertising network, via hade token paid users. will convert paid users and usd. believe the use crypto-curren- percent overall users. however, the actual and hade token will first slow the pace conversion and percent maus unknown. spending, but over time our network our estimated paid user forecast grows and engagement remains high, advertis- represents approximately our expected ers will flock reach our large audience. monthly users. this conversion that believe very conservative given the the chart above shows the annual revenue value our premium products and its useful- expect create from each monthly active ness. believe the conversion monthly user via advertising. the use blockchain users paid users could much closer technology increases over the next two years, long-term. believe our early integration will become point strength for attracting advertisers. furthermore, believe our platform uniquely positioned for advertising campaigns succeed, deploying the same "widgets" use provide products services advertising products. hade.io hade token white paper average revenue per premium customer oct jul apr jan oct jul apr jan oct jul apr jan the number paid users grow, im- with greater selection premium services portant that continue provide valuable meet the needs all users, our opportuni- services while also increasing our revenue per convert free users paid customers will premium customers. remember, these are rise, will the average revenue per premium not facebook users whose only intent customer. our goal create per pre- look photos chat. our population has mium customer october very specific goal mind, and that find good investment opportunity that fits their while per use may seem unrealistic, individual goals. given this goal set coupled still represents discount the much with the financial incentive choosing good larger, and believe inferior services, of- bad investments time sufficient man- fered reuters eikon and bloomberg ter- ner, believe that our premium services and minal. succeed creating network the conversion free paid users will finance professionals and individual investors, significantly higher than conversions other who share ideas and communicate socially "freemium" platforms. our platform via hade token rewards, then will have the missing component that currently, our average premium customer has been nearly impossible replicate. this pays per month for the three premium alllows bloomberg and reuters demand services the hade platform. however, premium prices while excluding individual aim offer premium services through the investors that lack plus spend an- hade platform july and through our nually equity research products. partnership network, believe that number could eventually surpass premium services. hade.io hade token white paper expected -month revenue (run rate) $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, total revenue advert. revenue nov nov nov nov $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, our monthly active users reach spend, and convert more paid users and successfully convert paid customers, higher rate; the company's revenue run rate while offering tremendous advertising prod- will naturally accelerate. ucts, anticipate -month revenue run rate least $,, october therefore, foresee great opportunity grow using the best technology with since expect nearly our business one-of-a-kind database that's built block- recurring monthly revenue october chain technology, become leader the good look projected revenue business and financial information industry. forward month basis. other words, figure our october revenue run rate multiplying our expected october revenue $,, determine our trajectory for the year come. our revenue per free user increases, via higher *all financial projections are determined formulas and logic detailed herein the "anticipated growth" section this white paper. many risk factors detailed our terms conditions could affect our rate future growth. our current growth rate may not sustainable. thus, the information this section only intended provide visual market opportunity that believe present. hade.io hade token white paper hade token structure token sale hade platform aims raise million hardcap token sale with option purchase additional tokens until hade becomes listed total hade valuation million amount raised token sale million price per hade token #xchange rate third party exchange. expect hade listed third party exchanges march total tokens million purchased #$%&" '()& million although details have been announced. for hade rewards million for token sale bonus million all hade bonuses and incentives determined the time the token sale. approximately million all outstanding hade tokens will made available for the hade rewards program. once those tokens are earned, additional tokens will awarded for valuation participation. will however use circulating supply for hade rewards. billion based our total token supply million and our goal raise million selling the hade token supply, assign initial valuation billion million the total supply hade. however, the valuation subject change based the price volatility currencies used purchase hade (ie u.s. dollar, ethereum, bitcoin). million bloomberg thomson reuters corp hade hade.io hade token white paper infrastructure programming the hade platform was built from the ground talented programmers and software engineers. grow, important have the right development, testing, repair, and deployment processes place seamlessly scale. that's why having top notch programming and team has always been and will remain top priority. data science analytics our entire business built around valuable, unique database that gives the ability visualize, analyze, and create services using the best technology like never before. our future success depends the health, size, and reliability our database. must continue invest and ensure the growth our database, while prioritizing the best quality control methods confident its accuracy. legal many the services our pipeline like tokenized investment funds; becoming online brokerage; "fiat token" exchange will require proper regulatory approval and licenses function correctly. furthermore, many the services and functions the hade platform should have patent protection. that why have and will continue invest protection across all facets our business. business development our network grows, business opportunities will created. aim accelerate the pace and start building these relationships ensure maximum exposure for the hade platform. hade.io hade token white paper pr, marketing, advertising will advertise social media, search engines, and financial sites gain exposure and drive new user growth. will explore and exploit all marketing advertising avenues such print and and will hire the most creative, talented minds ensure reach and convert our target audience monthly users. customer service technical support the hade platform was built with the user and easy navigation mind. however, will ensure that all users have the support place whenever they need help, whenever something goes. this will ensure that keep users happy and active our platform. security some the biggest institutions the world are being compromised daily, and people are more worried than ever when comes their identify. the integration blockchain and hade token already gives huge advantage over the competition when comes security. however, will continue invest our resources both use the best security available and develop security products internally. debt the hade platform has used combination cash from earnings and debt fund operations until now. view beneficial payoff all debt tied hade platform. hade.io hade token white paper other technology whether ai, machine learning, data visualization and analysis, blockchain technology, the hade platform has prioritized the use and integration cutting edge technology from day one. will continue so, and invest resources learn, develop, and integrate new technologies that improve our platform and the user experience. research analysts order create the world's best equity research platform, need the world's best experts all facets the market. must have oil gas, technology, banking, mining, healthcare, and biotechnology experts among others. spending money hire the best these fields, our machine algorithms will become smarter, faster, and learn how distinguish the factors that make each type company good investment. aim build our team research analysts not only help with the development specialized premium products and services, but make our technology more sufficient, and produce exclusive content and analysis our group paid and free users. doing so, our network and services will become more valuable. investments partnerships the hade platform aims become hub for exclusive services and information that can't found anywhere else. one strategy for achieving this goal acquire, partner, and invest other financial service providers that can create value for our customers, users, advertisers, and platform. have identified list more than dozen potential candidates that range from data visualization technology and artificial intelligence video production, written content, and even instant messaging. with the right partnerships and acquisitions, can accelerate our growth trajectory and significantly exceed our own expectations. hade.io hade token white paper leadership team our experience addition our leadership team, there are approximately staff members who are working hade platform. these people work one seven divisions: programming, machine learning ai, database, hade consumer, business development, hade token development, and investment research. brian nichols roger staton bethany thacker president founder chief technology officer/ director programming chief data officer brian nichols professional investor and equity analyst, with more than total financial analysis and equity research publications his credit. also mcgraw-hill author "taking charge with value investing ()" simple steps find top-performing stock ()". roger staton and brian nichols founded hade platform together, combining the knowledge equity analysis and wall street with one the brightest minds advanced programming. roger worked eight years ups building complex systems that are used daily. roger also built software for car dealerships that used throughout the industry track sales, schedule services, generate real time sales reports, along with the bethany has been key component the hade platform since the beginning. she helped build the system use collect, approve, and organize the information within our database. with mba, bachelors marketing, and former experience analyst with the development microsoft's cortana, bethany has been the ideal person manage the most important component our business. generation buyer guides and window stickers discount traditional legacy products. roger's skills include php, ruby, python, html, java, mysql, css, jquery, angular js, aws, apis, and mobile application hade.io hade token white paper ajinkya lahade arpit gambhir chad boggs co-director machine learning co-director machine learning director graphic design marketing ajinkya computer engineer arpit leads our research and with hands experience development artificial chad studied graphic and data modeling and analytics, and intelligence prominent software design the university machine learning. prior hade computer engineer with distinct northern kentucky, and platform, ajinkkya designed skills. prior hade platform, quickly built reputation for infant baby monitoring system arpit created trash sorting his creative genius film and detect and alert doctors robot detect and sort metals theater throughout the cincinnati lethal situations with and non-metals. also metropolitan area. chad successful rate patil implemented fcw algorithm actor who has worked and hospital. ajinka also developed for predicting different off-stage many hollywood credit card fraud system that scenarios with accuracy productions. his most recent achieved accuracy vehicles, such vehicle work includes the critically identify fraud dataset alerts while driving. arpit has acclaimed mystery/drama "the transaction details. experienced skills matlab, killing sacred deer" and experienced many python, c++, html, php, latex, the horror film "strangers programming languages such labview, autocad, verilog, chad's creative talents film matlab, c/c++, python, embedded and atmel studio. and theater have translated embedded html. ajinkya's well hade platform, and software skills include microsoft will continue crucial office, labview, matlab, component our marketing, minitab and experienced with advertising, and graphic design. bluetooth, arduino uno, arduino uno, and microcontrollers (atmega, hardware. each our six leaders have assistants and teams who work under them. total, hade platform has team members who have dedicated themselves building this unique product and service. hade.io hade token white paper our advisors our advisors are actual advisors the company. these are experienced individuals with their own teams staff who will play crucial roles helping reach our goals. rajesh pavithran timothy armes ibm certified technical architect with founder ceo the nurses lounge. previously the ceo and founder software experience years author simplified service oriented architecture jobs. com. cpa worked technical solution architect oracle corp and ibm corporation ceo boon info tech blockchain expert phil bartlett sam houghton attorney based miami with specializa- business attorney mr. hougton has aided businesses through tion business and securities law named top lawyers the nation- the successful purchase and sale businesses advocates; and top under totaling more than million enterprise ivy league educated value mr. houghton's expertise will crucial pursue investments and partnerships grow our business. please refer www.hade.io for additional advisors hade.io hade token white paper hadeplatform.com/hadetoken hade.io hade token white paper