welcome halo platform congregate. organize. strategize. execute. page for latest version visit ttps://www.haloplatform.tech/ (c) halo platform table contents table contents table contents introduction the team the halo masternode system front running invulnerable masternode graphic halo dashboard smart features transaction fees safe, instant, and anonymous sending fees safe anonymous instant halo token hub halo business tools halo marketplace: halo dashboard: halo portfolio: wallet integrations: halo community: halo business services: halo financial tracking: halo smart backups: halo pro tools: halo digital currency: using halo digital currency other crypto the halo platform debit card ach swift buying and selling crypto halo chat exchange video chat anti-spam page for latest version visit ttps://www.haloplatform.tech/ (c) halo platform table contents halo exchanges centralized exchange (halox) decentralized exchange (halodex) allocation platform technology generating revenue growth the halo dappstore dappstore users dappstore developers dappstore audited contracts the halo sdk contract ide example applications tooling api test rpc network browser plugin halo domains gasless contracts the universe expansion nosql json datastore asset control static site server roadmap current competition page for latest version visit ttps://www.haloplatform.tech/ (c) halo platform table contents introduction peer-to-peer cryptocurrency usage increasing exponential rate. halo platform aims keystone the crypto ecosystem creating robust, fully encompassing platform that fuses the finest parts the cryptocurrency world together. this turn will make everyday life for the beginner, amateur, veteran crypto user easier many ways. the team has vision expanding the nature cryptocurrency with constantly evolving platform that grows with the needs the users. this serves the people, and derives its value from the respective success each user it's platform. each individual the halo platform represents new link the ecosystem, creating strength and value within safe platform and utility. the side effect helping them with their own growth and promoting their own self-interest, that turns creates additional value and growth from using the halo platform. the deployment and maintenance halo platform will orchestrated top-tier cloud consultants who are leaders their field, empowering everyone with solid crypto management capabilities. the security and cloud-based load balancing will also bring new, refreshing aspect traders and investors looking for uninterrupted market access. the halo marketplace and business tools features add smart and empowering dimension the crypto ecosystem. the halo token hub additionally will allow users create their own tokens safe, secure, and consensus-driven environment for quality assurance. the halo platform will served its own low-latency blockchain which will utilize zero-transaction-fee protocol that when user sends halo, the other party gets halo, period. these advantages, coupled with highly unrestrictive smart contract deployment limits mean that our blockchain can provide for seamless experience between platform features and creates almost endless opportunities for new ones. page for latest version visit ttps://www.haloplatform.tech/ (c) halo platform table contents the team page for latest version visit ttps://www.haloplatform.tech/ (c) halo platform table contents page for latest version visit ttps://www.haloplatform.tech/ (c) halo platform table contents the halo masternode system the halo masternode system comprises four tier system. this system distributes transactions and allocates data processing structured design. front running invulnerable front running goes back the days using paper trade stocks. people would have large orders and run their trades front the large order. this would create major opportunity for the 'front runner'. some tokens and coins are vulnerable this same sort issue with users putting their transactions front larger transactions. the halo platform immune this issue. all transactions the halo platform are processed the masternode system. the masternodes have access change headers, and all transactions are handled fifo (first first out). when variable demand transaction block produced, each tier masternode independently validates that headers, transactions, timestamps have been altered, creating internal peer consensus. once transaction submitted then all other new transactions will submitted after the fact, sono one individual system can push transaction the front the queue only close out the current transactions for confirmation the blockchain. masternode tiers the halo platform masternodes are tiered processing hubs for transactions across the platform. halo currency minted rate halo every four minutes and distributed across the masternodes within hour window from the previous distribution. addition these distributions, masternodes also receive portion service fees generated across the platform rate commensurate with each tier. below graphic that outlines the masternode system tiers. page for latest version visit ttps://www.haloplatform.tech/ (c) halo platform table contents the halo platform team also manages "archnode" which has reward halo every minutes and service fee reward .%. currency generated from the archnode reinvested back into halo platform further ongoing development and offset operating costs. page for latest version visit ttps://www.haloplatform.tech/ (c) halo platform table contents halo dashboard smart features transaction fees gone are the days where you have make sure you have enough currency pay the gas send someone transaction. you send someone halo then they will receive halo. this possible because our masternode system will always available handle transactions and provide consensus. the smart contracts will have public and private variations that control gas usage. public contracts will use gas, and private will not. these are discussed detail the dappstore and sdk sections this paper. safe, instant, and anonymous sending fees these three sending features will incur small fee they are not your typical method sending funds. safe this sending feature will validate the address being sent to, make sure valid and able accept funds. is, the contract will send the funds. isn't, the funds are safely returned back the sending address. anonymous this sending feature will mask the sending address protect where the funds came from. instant this sending feature will instantly create new block validated and sent the tier list masternodes. using this for quick payments faster than normal blockchain transactions. halo token hub some exchanges offer the ability create tokens, but when not regulated the proper fashion, new tokens can confusing the users and bad for the ecosystem. our goal for token hub the new standard ico creation. with support for ico launches page for latest version visit ttps://www.haloplatform.tech/ (c) halo platform table contents from resources, escrow funding, community consensus for quality and launch process. will including this and more! our community-governance and oversight model gives new tokens more solid vetting process from the halo community, addition the support creating the token. this gives the community more peace mind about new icos and projects evolving. halo business tools send receive payments crypto instantly! will also allow users create checkout buttons for their storefront for embedding their own website blog. users can accept payments for services and products, tips and donations. being their own boss dream for many not only the crypto ecosystem, and aim make easy. accept payments, create products, invoice, and more! all done effortlessly with our platform. the new halo debit card will provide users with additional solid layer functionality with the option utilize their funds the cryptosphere right the gas station, online, the restaurant and more. this creates solid, closed loop decentralized transaction system independent traditional banking slag. page for latest version visit ttps://www.haloplatform.tech/ (c) halo platform table contents halo marketplace: the halo marketplace perfect compliment the business tools section creating independent and secure place business intelligently. halo will the complete crypto portal for this new multi-billion dollar industry, being utilized newcomers and veterans alike. this props the crypto ecosystem and creates strong revenue bolster the halo platform's growth for decades. spend halo and other tokens for services, electronics, clothing, collectibles, jewelry and more. users can both the customer and the merchant with the halo marketplace. halo dashboard: the halo dashboard meant give users instant access nearly every feature they might want with the flexibility they need. the same time allows users access their profile settings, security, api keys, account verification and more. with each user comes particular setup that works best for them, and want the modular dashboard easily reconfigurable the user's needs. users can track every transaction made for each wallet they've integrated, all one place. one our goals was make things easier for both veterans and newcomers alike, condensing the expansive universe crypto into one smart, decentralized control exchange (dce) hub. halo portfolio: real traders want zero trading lag when making serious moves the market. users can track gains like pro and can get sms alerts instantly. users can check their roi from holding monthly and yearly, track off-chain assets, and view their portfolio position btc and other base currencies well. halo the last crypto tool anyone will need. the halo portfolio section will also allow users quickly ascertain current positions and holdings with our secure integrations, with the flexibility track alerts and gains fast. with the use external api key, you can bring price quotes and functionality from exchanges you have already used want use, including halo's own exchanges! page for latest version visit ttps://www.haloplatform.tech/ (c) halo platform table contents wallet integrations: halo offers multiple wallet integrations users don't have access five different interfaces get the info they need done fast. the halo wallet meant the user's one-stop multi-wallet control hub. users import and control only the wallets and accounts they desire. they can utilized for creating smart contracts, voting consensus halo evolution, new features, and more. our goal create flexible environment for all the tokens users want track, with secure and strong backend backed cloud hosting and top architects engineers the field securing user data. halo community: giving users the ability use the halo platform friends and groups features stay touch with and organize solid groups for discussion and signals our goal. the more power put the user's hands, and the easier make the interface, the more people around the world will utilize the halo dce platform and increase its growth. halo business services: want make solid merchant processing platform key component the halo cryptocurrency ecosystem. want empower our users their best the cryptosphere. users will charge their own pricing schedules with lower fees than other digital storefronts. will offer array tools work with their crypto store products, consulting, other business services. these tools will easy manage, easy invoice, and easy track with reporting and more. halo financial tracking: one has integrated solid financial tracking and business tracking technology for crypto users date. more and more people are flooding into the cryptosphere daily. giving them opportunity provide services and consulting, track earnings, create invoices, and estimates easily will great advantage for everyone. this the future currency, and want part the crypto user's new business idea every way possible, every day. halo smart backups: the importance backing not only private keys but also the spreadsheets, images, conversations, screenshots, charts and the like was not lost us. making the backup experience for multiple data formats easy strong advantage and utility for our page for latest version visit ttps://www.haloplatform.tech/ (c) halo platform table contents users. keeping their data safe and secure important and successful, long-lasting platform. halo pro tools: pro tools are items crypto users have all been asking for, for long time. finally are solving the problem putting the tools they've been wanting and more all one easy place use. when comes down having everything, thought some tools would essential the crypto ecosystem that both newcomers and veteran traders alike could appreciate equally. want users able draw and share all the charts they want, create spreadsheets, share them easily, and help with the evolution tool sets halo through feedback and consensus. halo digital currency: the halo coin designed efficient store value for the system both tradeable our platform and others, and generated users the platform the form fees. our masternode setup will whale-resistant with smart, multi-tiered architecture incentivize top masternode experts get onboard with halo. the halo coin not ethereum token, full coin with it's own network. using halo digital currency other crypto while will listed exchanges and allow you use the halo currency within our platform, have some added benefits for halo platform members. the halo platform debit card use our branded debit card internationally. will handling the crypto fiat conversion, and providing you way spend your crypto the grocery store even they don't specifically accept crypto. help facilitate this process have financial sector team members with experience dealing with debit and credit cards. ach swift along with the debit card platform, are offering the ability transfer crypto into fiat through ach and swift. using standards and experience from the financial sector page for latest version visit ttps://www.haloplatform.tech/ (c) halo platform table contents team members, ach and swift will accepted their respective countries and institutions that support them. buying and selling crypto using the two methods above and the exchanges our platform, you can buy and sell cryptos which are not just halo prime. you'd like use btc eth your debit card ach then feel free so. will provide the tools and information necessary for you make happen. halo chat using the alo chat module, halo platform will including end end, peer peer, encrypted chat messaging. real-time quantum resistant encryption will protect messages sent and from users. what halo chat? end end encrypted messaging system that sends messages using the decentralized halo platform network. using both on-chain validation and off-chain speed will completely peer peer, fast, and secure. halo chat uses multiple layers encryption secure your messages and data. that's right can also used send other types data such files. exchange halo chat will integrate directly with the halo dce platform allow you communicate and interact with directly from your chat. while directly integrated halo dce you can use api key integrate with other exchanges and add more functionality your chat room. video chat direct peer peer video communication network using the halo network. host group conferences and direct communications through the secure video chat. anti-spam gone are the days mew spamming slack. are actively building rules for untrusted users messaging. will build systems collect and intercept spam page for latest version visit ttps://www.haloplatform.tech/ (c) halo platform table contents messages before they out users. giving the community admins the option ultimately delete/ban/pass through the messages needed. halo exchanges too often hear the issues users have with extreme platform usage, such losing funds shorts during platform outages, etc. halo has been carefully architected with the help top cloud engineers, for carefully load-balanced trading and platform experience that you can count when matters the most. being singular one-stop crypto control hub for users wouldn't make sense without exchange place where users can purchase and sell coins and tokens safely, securely, and most importantly, easily. matter what level experience they have the crypto scene. formed from initial idea early add relatively basic exchange feature the platform, the concept has blossomed into ambitious project incorporate not just more advanced trading interface, but what believe one the most advanced modern trading platforms, built for traders traders. tall order today's thriving and security-conscious landscape. the exchange feature split into two different projects, with two different use cases. short, the centralized exchange (halox) requires common intermediary for deposits/withdrawals, but allows for ultra low latency off-chain order execution, margin trading and fiat pairings; whereas the decentralized exchange (halodex) requires middle party trust component, but orders settle chain and execution usually takes slightly longer. both projects have been created with the below common goals mind: ease use: one the most important aspects trading platform developing robust and intuitive user experience. halo platform exchanges will make use tooltips, context sensitive help systems and best design practices that will ensure our users have the best possible trading experiences available them. scalability: page for latest version visit ttps://www.haloplatform.tech/ (c) halo platform table contents our technology stacks run public cloud provider hardware. use cloud technologies easily deploy, integrate, scale and self heal failed services. security: security our number one priority, we've gone over and above the call duty with our security policy and given users multitude ways secure their accounts. the back end, have architected complex cold-hot wallet storage/access mechanism secure funds whilst allowing for reasonable withdrawal times. and course, government grade encryption wherever needed. functionality: both exchanges have been designed with the trader mind, which are bursting with features that will allow you trade your peak ability. find the following pages high level overview the features for both exchanges. centralized exchange (halox) phase web interface fully customizable dashboard stretch, scale, duplicate, move components around with multi-monitor support right from the browser. intuitive component breakdown full feature charting light/dark mode mobile friendly matching engine bespoke ultra low latency algorithm self trade prevention functionality price improvement always where available fair fifo queue preferences for any client pre-queue algorithm for off market orders support for the following order types: limit page for latest version visit ttps://www.haloplatform.tech/ (c) halo platform table contents market stop limit stop market post-only cancel fill-or-kill fill-and-kill (cancel remainder) gtc (expiry date/time) one-cancels-other hidden security/networking cloud ddos prevention tlsv. session encryption high availability secure password policy requirement ecdsa api key pair authentication extensive user security preferences for withdrawals access advanced internal wallet structure next-gen cold storage implementation detailed internal admin security policy risk management bespoke ultra low latency algorithm live margin computation live historical var computation liquidity-driven safeguard algorithm api access fix base protocol websockets highly competitive, auto-scaling fee tiers margin financing page for latest version visit ttps://www.haloplatform.tech/ (c) halo platform table contents in-depth user help documentation and api libraries user support ticketing system tiered privilege user registration industry-grade pdf and csv financial statement downloads phase advanced order entry pane including scaled order entry and auto differentials (spreads, flies, arbs, diffs) auto lending arbitrage matrices multi-client management extensive coin/token listings masternode listings derivatives listings alternative asset class listings colocation service decentralized exchange (halodex) phase web interface intuitive interface view, place and manage orders charting functionality page for latest version visit ttps://www.haloplatform.tech/ (c) halo platform table contents mobile friendly trustless token exchange built series halo platform hosted smart contracts chain order publication settlement fully autonomous security/networking cloud ddos prevention sslv session encryption high availability phase margin trading via smart contracts advanced order functionality allocation the ico generated halo coins. coins during ico were sold halo coin. december the halo network was forked and the coin was split ratio. existing wallet balances, coin minting, and masternode allocations were updated reflect this change. over the next years will continue release supply halo prime coins into the network. the release schedule looks like so: approximately ,,, coins supply after years. approximately ,,, coins supply after years. approximately ,,, coins supply after years. page for latest version visit ttps://www.haloplatform.tech/ (c) halo platform table contents platform technology some the programming technology will utilize create the halo dce platform: halo wallet: the halo wallet will built using javascript and more specifically vue.js. halo coin: the halo coin will constructed the programming language. hosting: halo will load-balanced properly cloud servers core team engineers. ssl protection: have designed auto ssl generation and renewal system protect masternodes hosted us, protect our exchange, and future proof with short renewal periods rotate ssls frequently. generating revenue growth the halo platform will generate revenue via usage multiple ways: platform fees: certain transactions done halo will generate fees. marketplace sales: flat percentage rate for merchants selling the halo marketplace. masternode distribution: intelligent smartnode system for strong distributed networking. note: the halo token does not utilize proof-of-work and therefore not mineable page for latest version visit ttps://www.haloplatform.tech/ (c) halo platform table contents the halo dappstore will building out additional tools and features for dapps the halo platform. many these will give dapps the ability talk other dapps, add additional communication protocols, and increase security with encryption standards. included the halo platform will dappstore curated apps that meet our stringent security and usability guidelines and requirements. dappstore users users will able trust dapps that are listed the dappstore. our users will also able find and access dapps quickly and effortlessly. dappstore developers developers will have access new tools and options, and increased exposure. using our standards developers can offer their dapps for free, for flat price, even for monthly subscriptions. dappstore audited contracts along with publishing dapps through the dappstore, developers will able have their contracts audited, vetted, and published the halo platform dev team. while this will incur cost the developer submitting contract, the result will contract that its state changes cost (zero) gas. for more this see the halo sdk area. the halo sdk the halo platform will diverse array complete applications for users control their entire cryptosphere. help support the diversity applications, are providing both api's and sdk's developers extend the wallet, core applications, and provide new applications solve new problems the future. included with the sdk will complete set tools addition the api. the tools are follows: page for latest version visit ttps://www.haloplatform.tech/ (c) halo platform table contents contract ide complete development environment test contracts private blockchain, test network, client side vm. example applications you need quick jump start developing the halo platform, will provide some quick start applications that have everything setup and ready start development. will include quick starts for angular, react, vue, and even meteor. tooling all our core modules will built vue, and want provide developers with stress-free way interact with the halo platform. will providing typing files, service dependency injection, and more. expect vast array tools for developers. api will provide new layer interaction with our wallet using javascript api that can consumed dapps. this api will allow you interact with currently installed core modules, modify theming and shortcuts for the wallet, modify theming for core modules installed, and much more! test rpc network know that loved feature for development the community the test rpc option. allows you blazing fast testing without connecting actual private test blockchain. want help you take your app step further and provide you with the tools instant testing without waiting for blocks minted. the test rpc will take care all those needs for you. browser plugin are also developing browser plugin allow your dapps used outside the halo wallet. users will able interact with your dapps using the main net, test net, local private nets, local test rpc, even through embedded running inside the plugin when needed. page for latest version visit ttps://www.haloplatform.tech/ (c) halo platform table contents halo domains get easy remember domains mapped your dapps that your users can find your site and index easier within the halo platform dapp network. this will used conjunction with our new protocols for serving static files. gasless contracts the point having transactions and state changes contract cost gas prevent contracts from entering into continuous loops and causing malicious problems. this helps keep contracts within the bounds the network and prevent scaling and timing problems. keep these same checks place are still going require gas public contracts. just like contracts today, anyone can publish public contract. however are going offer unique feature developers and token creators. you wish submit your token code security audit, and passes, then your token can published the halo platform developer team private contract. private contracts can only published the halo platform developer team, and incur (zero) gas costs when changing contract states sending transactions. page for latest version visit ttps://www.haloplatform.tech/ (c) halo platform table contents the universe expansion are building new features top the swarm protocol built the ethereum network. are calling the universe, and the project the universe expansion. outlined below are the features are adding into swarm for standardization and tooling. nosql json datastore giving you standardized api and tooling use nosql database stored swarm your application. dapps will have direct access storage and management through the halo.js api. asset control familiar situation with the current swarm, the asset control api will allow you store files and information within the swarm network. this will particularly good for pdf's, images, and other items that aren't related serving web page but needed for general storage purposes. static site server using the distributed decentralized network store your website and serve others major goal the halo platform. long your website assets are static files (ex: html css jpg png etc...) then they can served from the network. are taking some key notes from other distributed and decentralized website hosting projects. the ability deploy your website and update will given through the sdk tooling. page for latest version visit ttps://www.haloplatform.tech/ (c) halo platform table contents roadmap are setting solid roadmap that gives the correct time and allowances build your amazing city for cryptocurrency. the times have set allow proper testing, evaluation, community feedback acceptance, and much much more. are dedicated building you quality product that you can stake your investment and time into. network live wallet app master nodes live ico distribution decentralized exchange wallet app light sdk browser extension coin split masternode app game platform api re-write centralized exchange current competition there current competitor that does what are doing. platforms, tokens, applications that provide all these features that halo platform does. page for latest version visit ttps://www.haloplatform.tech/ (c) halo platform table contents there are few high volume exchanges with proper load balancing for zero trading lag. there are decentralized exchanges that provide smart, safe, consensus-driven token creation. there are exchanges with marketplaces that offer solid business tools and financial tracking. page for latest version visit ttps://www.haloplatform.tech/ (c) halo platform table contents