hashgard distributed, trusted asset management protocol hashgard hashgard distributed, trusted asset management protocol and high functionality next generation digital finance public chain. hashgard provides one-stop blockchain solution for asset management digital finance. hashgard has large number business modules, including operational-level on-chain data, advanced versions asset management autonomous organization, smart contract system tailored for asset management, able systematically support the issuance, management, trusteeship, settlement, audit, process control, and dispute arbitration decentralized assets. hashgard open, highly-expansive ecosystem. will have in-depth collaboration with other ecosystems terms identity authentication, content distribution, predicting markets, asset lending, trusted data validation, cross-chain collaboration and on, jointly build infrastructure the digital finance field and provide complete functional modules for decentralized applications the chain. will continue expand new modules based the needs applications. hashgard will solve the pain points digital finance and protect investors' assets through technological innovation and ecological construction effort ultimately achieve distributed inclusive finance. hashgard digital finance hashgard team and partners digital finance hashgard team and partners digital asset management industry status challenges regulatory confusion digital finance hashgard team and partners industry status recent years, with digital assets such bitcoin gradually entering the mainstream view, its influence has been increasing day day. has become asset category that institutions and individuals cannot ignore. the total market value has reached maximum billion dollars. with the gradual enrichment digital assets, there are more and more value-creating activities related it. the management digital assets one them. against this background, the digital assets fund (token fund) has sprung around the globe. according incomplete statistics, the current number digital asset funds has reached hundreds worldwide, and the asset management scale nearly billion dollars. believe that with the institutionalize and professionalize investors the digital asset market, the construction infrastructure this industry will become the focus market. digital finance hashgard team and partners challenges reduced threshold the era digital assets, the access threshold for digital funds reduced, fund managers not have undergo qualification verification, and only need one wallet address accept and manage funds from all over the world, leading mixed bag chaos the digital asset management industry lack regulation digital asset fund emerging industry. there corresponding industry regulation. the internal operations funds are not transparent investors. the lack information disclosure and external audit can not effectively protect the legitimate rights and interests investors. backward tools conflict interests the management tools digital asset funds are relatively primitive and backward. most management teams use basic office softwares such word and excel and wallet applications for records. the accounting inconvenient and the efficiency very low. participating parties the field digital asset management include regulatory institutions, fund managers, investors and fund custodians, etc. the interests all parties are not the same. present, there mechanism for coordinating the appeals all parties. digital finance hashgard team and partners regulatory confusion lags and differences regulations. the formulation laws and regulations generally lags behind the economic and social development. both digital assets and digital asset funds are emerging industries. the legislative bodies most countries have not yet issued corresponding regulations, and even regulations are introduced, they fail reach consensus. regulatory difficulty digital assets have the property "self-financing". theory, the issuance and trading assets can bypass the traditional financial system, and supervision difficult. high regulatory costs traditionally, most the fund's supervision has adopted territorial jurisdiction, but blockchain technology has such features cross-temporal, cross-subject, and international. fund managers can easily avoid oversight migrating their registration sites third countries.the cost cross-national jurisdiction too high. lack popular recognition the purpose supervision protect the legitimate interests investors, but driven interests, most people lack the sense participation and recognition supervision. therefore, necessary for fund managers "self-disciplined" addition the "self-regulation" the industry. digital finance hashgard team and partners hashgard origin philosophy ecosystem beyond the dao technical architecture development roadmap core concepts economic system digital finance hashgard team and partners origin philosophy "autonomous organization" refers group interdependent trustees who organize themselves and conduct self-governance that they can achieve lasting common benefits the event that everyone faces free riders, evades responsibility, other opportunism. the problem that must solved how combine the variables, namely increase the initial possibility autonomous organization; enhance people's capacity for continuous self-organization; enhance capability solve the problem public ponds self-organization without some kind external assistance. elinor ostrom, winner the nobel prize economics, "governing the commons" compared "self-governing organizations," the dao further organizational structure consisting group people who share the same ideas and have common goals, and operates and selfgoverned through "blockchain" and "smart contracts." the dao, individuals are equal, the implementation the rules and the changes the rules themselves are accomplished through "smart contracts." digital shu chan nian finance nian jia gou hashgard team tuan dui huo ban and partners origin philosophy "crypto-assets, while risky, also brings innovation and can help better monitor them. other words, can use fire fight fire." christine lagarde, managing director the international monetary fund. for assets such digital assets that have "self-financing" nature, effective way supervision use the blockchain technology that carries supervise. this the meaning "treating fire with fire". digital finance hashgard team and partners the dao:the exploration decentralized asset management the dao centralized fund manager the traditional asset management business, fund managers make profit through the management funds from investors. advantages: funds are managed experienced professional fund managers with high operation efficiency. disadvantages: the operation assets not transparent, and easy breed corruption and damage the interests investors. april the smart contract crowdfunding application ethereum the dao explored decentralized asset management. the dao has designed mechanisms for guardians, whitelisting, proposals, voting, dao forks, and fund transfer implement decentralized decisionmaking for crowdfunding and asset protection for investors. digital finance hashgard team and partners the dao:design flaws, eventually aborted defect the dao adopts voting decision-making mechanism and lacks professional fund manager. the decision-making inefficient and not professional enough. defect the smart contract the dao hosts the user's funds, and structurally, the use and hosting the funds are not separated, which makes vulnerable attacks. defect the algorithm design the dao smart contract defective, making favor users who are inclined vote and suppress the opposition. digital shu chan nian finance nian jia gou hashgard team tuan dui huo ban and partners the dao:design flaws, eventually aborted july the dao was attacked hackers. million worth eth was stolen. the ethereum community had recoup its losses through hard fork. this event directly led ideology split ethereum and some members did not accept changing transaction history through the hard fork, which eventually produced parallel version etc. july sec the issued the investigation report the dao incident. believed that the dao token "securities" nature and should comply with the federal securities laws. realize that many problems the digital asset management field cannot solved just building crowdfunding smart contract ethereum. urgently need more realistic solutions! digital finance hashgard team and partners hashgard:from and beyond the dao hashgard fully absorbed the "asset autonomy" thought the dao and improved it. believe that the digital asset management industry the future, the centralized and decentralized organizational forms exist the same time. the "decentralized asset autonomy" explored the dao one its forms, but not the only one. hashgard will combine the concepts centralization and semicentralization establish better digital asset management ecosystem from the perspectives regulation and self-discipline. digital finance hashgard team and partners hashgard core concept advanced dao autonomy: digital assets based blockchain technology have characteristics such crosstemporal, cross-subject, and anonymity. traditional supervision difficult and costly. this stage, the introduction blockchain's core self-governance can really help the industry promote self-discipline and standardization. distributed inclusive finance: hashgard can empower the design and issuance distributed digital financial products and enable global investors participate based their risk preferences, can truly achieve distributed inclusive finance code-level contract regulation: hashgard consists series smart contract portfolios tailored for asset management. fund managers, custodians, third-party organizations, etc., upon appointment investors, are subject corresponding restrictions based smart contracts. operational level data on-chain privacy protection: operational-level data hashgard cannot tampered and will cryptographically protected. fund managers and other fund-raising parties, one hand, will have their key business data encrypted and stored through private keys, which will only open authorized person; the other hand, they can disclose investment decisions, risk management, account management, financial management, and other operational-level data their investors prove the truth and credibility performance. digital finance hashgard team and partners hashgard ecological system decision-making process organizations digital asset fund trading dao community building decentralized fund asset management saas fund evaluation decentralized custodian fund audit ecosystem services dac decentralized fund corporation fund centralized fund decentralized arbitration institutions digital finance hashgard team and partners hashgard ecosystem asset management dao: fund investors, managers, custodians, etc. may form dao-style autonomous organization ensure the standardization fund operations through smart contracts. decentralized fund company: individuals empowers technology, links global talents, and builds more operationally efficient asset management dacs. decentralized fund: supporting dao model and various decentralized financial products. asset management saas system: provides digital asset investors with professional asset management, investment management, risk control, financial management, team collaboration and other functions. digital assets fund exchange: platform for digital asset fund investors subscribe, redeem and trade fund shares. decentralized arbitration system: supporting the creation arbitration dao resolve business disputes the community. decentralized custodian: ensure asset security through cross-chain agreements and custody services provider. digital finance hashgard team and partners hashgard technical architecture the underlying infrastructure the digital financial industry, hashgard has complete distributed ledger technology system, including distributed network technologies, consensus mechanisms, smart contracts, application layer interfaces(api) and etc... hashgard fully considered the need for the protection and transaction many different types assets the future when designing the system, and technically supports the cross-chain interaction various public chains. hashgard engages with eco-partners such decentralized data storage, decentralized asset custody, decentralized asset issuance, and decentralized asset lending. hashgard connects with eco-partners lower-layer interfaces support developers build various application services under different scenarios. digital finance hashgard team and partners hashgard economic system purpose deposit: within the hashgard system, such scenarios issuance fund equity asset, creating dao and dac etc., user are required freeze tokens generated the system deposit. when users violate the agreement, the corresponding deposit will deducted the smart contract for punishment. purpose burning gas: the hashgard token will used gas for trading fuel, partially distributed consensus nodes, and partially allocated contract creators motivate the community. ecological building purpose: the hashgard foundation will distribute token reward dapp developers based criteria such fund management practices, smart contract creation and usage, encourage more users participate the digital finance ecosystem. token appreciation logic: the total amount tokens generated hashgard system fixed. therefore, the total economic value the community will greater with more users, the same time, more tokens are frozen, resulting continuous reduction the amount liquidity, while the demand increasing, resulting increase expected value tokens. digital finance hashgard team and partners hashgard token distribution hashgard issued billion native built-in crypto-tokens called "gard". the total amount allocated for early incubators. tokens will locked for year after listing. allocated for strategic investors and partners. among the tokens will delivered the purchaser upon listing, the other will locked for months. will rewarded founding team members. tokens will released months after mainnet launch over months. allocated for scientific research and advisors. will rewarded intellectual property contribution team. tokens will locked for year after listing. allocated foundation for r&d, marketing and ecosystem building. among the will allocated for community awards/market promotions, %-% for r&d, and %-% for ecosystem building. digital finance hashgard team and partners hashgard token distribution digital finance hashgard team and partners digital finance hashgard team and partners hashgard roadmap digital finance hashgard team and partners hashgard roadmap technical: technical: technical: cryptocurrency trading competition announce hashgard token supports the deployment fund function hashgard.com system and economics and initiate mainnet smart contract and private equity initiate public test. prepare for super-nodes selection. initiate smart contract, and publishes the mainnet launch and test the token development quantitative trading mainnet web wallet and browser. economics hashgard testnet. function for fund managers. quarter quarter marketing: marketing: marketing: hold offline events vietnam and hashgard public chain and hold japan and establish business community video contest. launch cooperation with local firms. list one the second stage airdrop event. vietnamese exchanges. host release the hashgard community mainnet launch event singapore. consensus rules. hold official initiate marketing campaign for meet-up china. design and complete virtual expect raise community members. establish business cooperation with projects/ firms. initiate the recruitment the second batch global eco-fund partners. scale media exposure. initiate hashgard ecosystem partnership program (including wallets, trust, security, firms, exchanges, etc.). launch hashgard mainnet. reach community members. mainnet super-nodes selection. hashgard mainnet supports evm, quarter release the official video digital finance hashgard team and partners hashgard roadmap technical: technical: technical: support the deployment security release the financial product hashgard mainnet support cross- token smart contract and release language (fpl) hashgard's chain interactions most the mainnet mobile wallet. mainnet. fpl will enable developers mainstream networks such define more complex financial bitcoin, ethereum, neo, and products easily and flexibly. vechain, and release multicurrency wallet and wallet. quarter quarter marketing: marketing: marketing: participate in/organize security token establish blockchain laboratories launch cross-chain wallet global summit. the number with top-ranking universities. product marketing campaign. hashgard saas system users reaches further develop hashgard users saas system reaches establish global token fund ecosystem together with gdf fund. million. establish hashgard college. initiate the recruitment the promote fully-regulated security charity foundation. initiate the third batch global eco-fund token offering(sto). recruitment the fourth batch partners. quarter global eco-fund partners. digital finance hashgard team and partners hashgard roadmap technical: technical: tools based hashgard. improvement and voting center. community organizations the new code improvement suggestions form are able achieve distributed hashgard mainnet from developers collaboration through smart will submitted through the system contracts. and voted stake holders. quarter quarter marketing: marketing: release dao and dac deployment initiate the hashgard code offer community organization hold the hashgard eco-conference operation and security token courses and integrate global resources. hold the token fund college and hold corresponding airdrop events, corresponding competitions. attend meet-ups and promotional activities blockchain summits north america with media exposure. the number and hold local meet-ups. hashgard saas system users reach million. digital finance hashgard team and partners team and partners team members strategy advisors partners digital finance hashgard team and partners hashgard core team tom huang charlie frank yang co-founder, coo founder co-founder, cto senior analyst fenbushi capital, cofounder bkfund. tom graduated from the university macau finance, and served management trainee the fortune company louis dreyfus. after that, joined fenbushi capital focused the research and investment the blockchain industry strategic managing director fenbushi capital, managing partner bkfund. graduated from anhui university, charlie has served for high-tech companies such iflytek, huawei and zte, etc. with years rich experience r&d, marketing, management and entrepreneurial incubation practice, was selected "national outstanding innovation and entrepreneurship mentor" the ministry education. also the early participant and investor the blockchain industry. former zte corporate level agile coach. frank graduated from xidian university cyber security and cryptography, has years experience software development, years experience project management and process improvement, directed multiple teams from traditional r&d agile mode transformation. hashgard digital finance team and partners hashgard team members cindy fang financial manager grace zhong administrative manager shawn yang developer iris public relations manager vicky wang community manager mika designer keren yin business development manager victor product manager joe developer digital finance hashgard team and partners hashgard strategy advisors shen founding partner fenbushi capital min zhang managing partner heli investment james gong founder cybex chainb sunny co-founder and ceo vechain david lee professor singapore university social sciences partner blockasset ventures eva foo founder scry.info haifeng former wancloud cto co-founder iris shuo bai former chief engineer shanghai stock exchange head chinaledger technical committee digital finance hashgard team and partners hashgard strategy advisors cindy deng director corporate finance department and associate professor finance shanghai university finance and economics huawei kong director the shanghai branch the institute computing technology chinese academy sciences partner istart digital finance hashgard team and partners hashgard partners the future has come, let's build beautiful new world digital finance. stay tuned with hashgard official website: hashgard.io official twitter account: hashgard official weibo account: @hashgard official telegram group official wechat account