haven protocol your own offshore bank contents introduction .............................................................................. haven protocol ......................................................................... offshore storage...................................................................... use cases.................................................................................. supply emission ................................................................... further reading ....................................................................... introduction bitcoin paved the way for electronic peer peer currency. was the first digital currency successfully implement distributed ledger transactions based cryptographic proof over trust. use digital currency has since grown exponential rate with users valuing privacy, anonymity, ease use and low fees transfer currency anywhere the world fraction the time traditional methods. bitcoin however, due the rapid scale and unforeseen issues, has suffered drawbacks many these areas that users the currency value. fees became too expensive, transaction times too long and flaws were found the anonymity the protocol. its aid, came wealth altcoins that intended fixing some these issues. new coins could move faster and without need deal with legacy decisions. most notable these new currencies was monero. truly anonymous protocol. haven protocol haven untraceable cryptocurrency with mix standard market pricing and stable fiat value storage. this without unsustainable peg asset backing. achieves this with dual coin blockchain. users can mint and burn haven [xhv] for the equivalent usd value worth haven dollars [xusd]. haven protocol's cryptographically unknown supply used facilitate the fluctuations the total supply when users burn haven [xhv] create the stable value haven dollars [xusd], while allowing haven [xhv] exposed the natural price movements the market. haven fork monero, therefore inheriting the stealth and anonymity that it's famous for. haven also has the benefit starting the blockchain from scratch with ringct for extra privacy. further, haven's offshore storage means privacy conscious individuals can keep their money untraceable currency without being subject market fluctuations. with haven, offshore storage allows fiat currency storage without having convert out haven. colloquially, this akin having swiss bank account your back pocket. offshore storage what offshore storage? offshore storage haven protocol's core concept that powers the minting and burning haven [xhv] for haven dollars [xusd] and vice versa. short, sending haven [xhv] offshore storage (burning), mints the equivalent usd value worth the burnt haven [xhv] haven dollars [xusd]. this balance never leaves the haven blockchain and such remains completely untraceable and un-linkable the user. digital currency useful way keep your money out the traditional banking system only you can store without constantly fluctuating price and the threat losing significant value. with offshore storage, you get the privacy cutting edge digital currency with guarantee the fiat value. this makes offshore storage ideal for storing large amounts money that you not want exposed digital currency volatility out the traditional system. how? haven uses system called 'mint and burn' maintain fiat value relationship. practice this works follows: bob decides wants put his haven [xhv] into offshore storage. when you put [xhv] into offshore storage, you are burning [xhv] coins into [xusd] coins, which represents '$usd worth haven'. offshore storage determines the current market value that haven (in [xusd]) based weighted average volume across supported exchanges. this done using price oracle. the current value haven usd, offshore storage will record value usd worth haven bob's request. the haven that was sent then burned into [xusd] and the total money supply decreases. the price haven then moves usd and bob decides access his offshore storage, will returned haven usd per original value). the opposite occurs and the price haven halves then coins will minted and sent bob usd per original value). first, minting new coins may make you think the value the coin would decrease the total money supply has increased. practice, this operates little different. the 'mint and burn' method draws the quantity theory money, described monetary economics order avoid inflation and changes currency valuation based the movements the total supply. the theory states that: money supply average price level velocity money volume transactions increase the money supply should, with constant velocity and volume transactions (assumptions the economic model), cause increase the price level (inflation). the problem with this that the money supply haven will always unknown. although there are million coins (before tail emission) that will mined, the 'mint and burn' lets the money supply fluctuate freely. velocity money also cryptographically unfeasible determine the haven blockchain does not reveal the amount haven transferred, nor the wallet addresses they are transferred to. for this reason, the currency unable valued based total supply. the cryptographic mechanisms that allow this information remain hidden are what makes haven true spectre the traditional system. for in-depth breakdown ring signatures, ring confidential transactions and stealth addresses that power this un-traceability and un-linkability suggested read the papers from the monero research lab (linked the bottom this paper) from which the haven protocol inherits. offshore storage will implemented once the network reaches mature stage with enough exchange support allow redundancy and accuracy prices. the current focus growth, stability, privacy and usability for everyday transactions with easy use mobile wallet app that anyone can use without prior knowledge crypto. use cases there are two main problems the haven protocol can solve that current cryptocurrencies are not addressing: point sales/payment gateway systems where goods can bought with haven and stores can immediately lock the usd/fiat value protect from price fluctuations. this has the added benefit keeping the stores' business and income completely hidden the blockchain neither their wallet address amounts are revealed. storing large amount money outside the traditional banking system. privacy focused cryptos are perfect for this but without reliable way maintain value through fluctuations the process holding could costly. sending haven offshore quite literally, creates cryptographically untraceable dollars. supply emission total supply: coins before tail emission and offshore storage. coin symbol: xhv coin units: picohaven/havtoshi xhv (^- -smallest unit) nanohaven xhv (^-) microhaven xhv (^-) millihaven xhv (^-) hash algorithm: cryptonight_haven (cryptonight_heavy tweak proof-of work) block time: seconds further reading haven, being fork monero, inherits all whitepapers and academic studies from the monero research lab which can found here: mrl-: note chain reactions traceability cryptonote https://lab.getmonero.org/pubs/mrl-.pdf mrl-: counterfeiting via merkle tree exploits within virtual currencies employing the cryptonote protocol: https://lab.getmonero.org/pubs/mrl-.pdf mrl-: monero not that mysterious: https://lab.getmonero.org/pubs/mrl-.pdf mrl-: improving obfuscation the cryptonote protocol: https://lab.getmonero.org/pubs/mrl-.pdf mrl-: ring signature confidential transactions: https://lab.getmonero.org/pubs/mrl-.pdf