table contents introduction what harvest masternode coin why invest harvest masternode coin features harvest masternode coin specifications invest masternodes generate cryptocurrency yields masternodes building blocks masternode coins are improved people's creativity the benefits investing masternode coins harvest masternode coin collateral and reward what the incentive run masternode? hmc distribution and block reward schedule time discount schedule block reward schedule staking wallets blockexplorer harvest masternode coin road map conclusions references introduction cryptocurrencies have emerged the latest brave market the trading world. these trading markets are relatively young and thus full exploitation has not yet been achieved. the fact that some coins like bitcoin can rise single day signifies the need for other stable coins join the market. the tender age cryptocurrency the trading world has prevented the established trading houses and only left the young companies invest. some years back, the market capitalization for cryptocurrency stood and still growing. this further signifies the availability opportunities for young traders venture the market and make profit. what harvest masternode coin harvest masternode coin well decentralized network masternode holder's without superfluous control and intermediaries/gatekeepers with more than pure pos block reward phase which ensures lightning fast and secured transaction, multi-wallets, encrypted messaging and stealth address for complete anonymity. harvest masternode coin blockchain based decentralized cryptocurrency that rewards network participation via static proof stake. harvest masternode coin rewards "connectivity age" opposed "coinage," and this expels abuse from trades and clients that don't enhance the system. keeping steady system reward, the interest rewards are respect the work contributed each dynamic node. this totally puts off centralization while empowering the system well being. why invest harvest masternode coin harvest masternode coin coin that invests the power people. provides simple wallet setup option for both staking and masternode. this coin has over pure pos block reward phase which optimum for investment. the coin has stable building block long term committed investors who guarantee the coin continuity. the masternode network takes advantage market inefficiency giving the people the power shape the coin's future. the concept giving the coin owners the power shape the coin's future means that the coin's yield proportional the people's effort. this paper highlights the coin features, specifications, masternode reward scheme, and roadmap features the harvest coin unique compared other cryptocurrencies utilizing masternodes. this because harvest coin does not distribute the reward block equally but rather uses unique proof stake (pos) split the reward block between the mining and masternode distribution mechanisms. this strategy ensures that the benefits accrued are shared fairly ensure the number users conducting the pos not decrease. despite the incredible services provided masternode, they should only rewarded proportion the value they bring avoid exploiting the users and increasing centralization. first, over pure pos block reward phase set order achieve optimum for investment. then, the block reward dedicated for masternodes while dedicated for stacking nodes. there single wallet setup option for both staking and masternode. this means that the wallet can monitor both masternode services and coin staking. the pure pos block reward mechanism facilitates adjusting automatically adjusts the block reward size between masternodes and stacking nodes. the harvest masternode coin facilitates users setup single setup option for both staking and masternode. also, the wallet can used for multiple masternodes and all the rewards can auto staked automatically. another unique feature with this coin that facilitates instant and instant send. this means that when withdrawing new address the transaction approved faster than normal transactions. top these, harvest masternode coin has one the lowest transaction fees. harvest masternode coin specifications coin name harvest coin coin abbreviation coin type pow/pos. with very short pow ending after one month pos hashing algorithm scrypt hashing algorithm scrypt difficult retargeting every block maximum block size maximum stake age unlimited max supply block time minutes block reward coins per block block reward halving years single wallet setup option for multiple masternode single wallet setup option for both staking and masternodes auto earned reward ability auto stake earned reward within same wallet invest masternodes generate cryptocurrency yields masternodes are section the infrastructure certain group crypto currencies. they are computer servers and provide services cryptocurrency users. masternode coins were developed give the coin owners more control and more yield. one way that masternode generates yield offering services the crypto currency infrastructure. masternodes building blocks harvest masternode community manage and run the proposals that helps stabilizing and increasing the value currency the governance system introduced. masternodes, the proposals can made any person unlike other coins who charge proposal fee and this makes masternode favorite among investors. after proposals are submitted, vote made master node holders and proposal voted in. masternode coins are improved people's creativity the masternode system utilizes people's competitiveness and creativity get ideas improving the coin. the best ideas are generated from proposals submitted coin holders. these ideas improve the currency value which turn increase the block reward. the value the yield depends on: the coin value during the trading session. payout frequency the cost hosting the node. the cost the coins. the benefits investing masternode coins investing masternode coins gives you the ability not only being investor, but part the decision makers shaping the coin advancement. owning own gives voice investor and makes more than just money. this done through submitting proposals. the foundation masternodes stable and has long term values the core the infrastructure. the founding investors have committed their money for long term making stable and increases trust among investors. investors get capital gains just running the masternode services. top that, investors are paid that coin rewards from each block found. the availability stronger community guarantees the long-term sustainability the crypto project. this turn ensures that energy focused the project's long-term future instead pump and dump cycles. harvest masternode coin collateral and reward masternode coin minimum staking age hours maximum staking age unlimited masternode reward block reward all fees for transactions contained the block peer validated network uptime what the incentive run masternode? average daily reward( blocks*block reward*% masternodes masternodes get constant rewards the block reward) that are proportionately are allocated among peer reviewed masternodes. masternodes continuously check the activity the peer node, and rewards are only given high performing nodes having stable high speed internet connections. top the the block reward, masternode gets all public transactions fees done block and fees for all private transaction pools started the block. these inducements encourage uninterrupted connectivity sustain high performance network. hmc distribution and block reward schedule sum will used for initial distributing hmc thousands users across the world, coming together join hmc communities. these coins are generated the genesis block and will held trust the hmc team. all distribution the main sale event will offered discount off the final closing price, follows time discount schedule time pre coin sale coin sale round round round round discount available coin block reward schedule year longer.... ex. mn/block hmc reward/mn hmc reward total staking wallets there are wallets for different desktop stages: windows, mac, and linux. harvest masternode wallets empower hmc holders' supreme expert their hmc security, with the capacity send and get exchanges. coins required: base limit. (wallets ought have non-zero entirety hmc fit the bill for stake rewards.) wallet stake compensate block reward for each discovered block. staking proportionate and apportioned relying upon the measure hmc the wallet address and the time hmc contained the continuous connected wallet (connectivity age). genuine system network requires that wallet ought have consistent continuous speed internet connection with maintain the block chain. prior variants proof stake required checkpointing which full hub marked the designer and communicated from main issue and aides confirming coin stake before being perceived into the square tree. hmc, all hubs are full hub, and this wipes out the requirement for checkpoint framework. the end checkpointing expels halfway brought together reliance making difficult assault the system. blockexplorer blockexplorer for harvest coin use the insight-api which open source based nodes: http://www.harvestmasternodecoin.org/ harvest masternode coin road map distribution exchanges promotions website upgrade team expansion mobile wallets atomic cross-chain trading market maker (ai bot) governance and proposals system distributing thousands users across the world, coming together join hmc communities listing harvest masternode coin multiple exchange platforms increase presence and penetration mainstream media through both advertising and public relations upgrade tuning our web framework and publication workflows improve sustainability, facilitate future maintenance, and establish baseline for future development the community continues grow, will have had scale our team size match the community size. development android electrum and ios wallet lightning network activation allows users cross-trade different crypto currencies without relying centralized parties will dedicate our ico constantly running market maker (ai bot) major exchanges ensure there always low spread and high volume available for trading hcm coin, are developing propitiatory integrated artificial intelligence market maker that will run all hmc pairs major exchanges, providing liquidity, and maintaining tight spread" introducing better way building better governed internet the people, this will enables our community democratically shape the future hmc conclusions harvest masternode coin has made lot progress. each day, are getting close our testnet release order fulfill terms that are line with the production environment. the strategy sharing and blockchain synchronization mechanism and payment system have all reached their final stages. tremendous steps have also been made throughput and network stability. the initial testnet will aimed scaling many machines possible order encourage many people join our network. references duffield, (). *dash: video series incentivized infrastructure and masternodes. *dvse. retrieved from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fymciggho duffield, and diaz, (). dash: privacy-centric crypto-currency. retrieved from: https://www.dash.org/wp-content/uploads///dash-whitepaperv.pdf duffield, e., schinzel, h., and gutierrez, (). transaction locking and masternode consensus: mechanism for mitigating double spending attacks. version retrieved from https://www.dash.org/wp-content/uploads///instanttx.pdf blockchain.info. (). bitcoin median transaction confirmation time (with fee only). retrieved from retrieved from https://blockchain.info/fr/charts/avg-confirmation-time cryto-currency with dash and blackcoinhybirdfeature *mergecoin technical whitepaper retrieved from http://www.mergecoin.com/mergecoin%technical%whitepaper.pdf buntinx. june *what atomic swap? retrieved, from https://themerkle.com/what-is-an-atomic-swap/