decentralised payment network and stablecoin samuel brooks, anton jurisevic, michael spain, kain warwick abstract there currently decentralised currency useful for everyday economic purposes. propose peer-to-peer payment network and price-stable token that does not rely central authority maintain trust. prior bitcoin, attempts create digital currencies were centralised, making them vulnerable censorship and seizure. bitcoin's consensus mechanism protected from interference, but its fixed monetary policy induced extreme price volatility. havven solves this issuing tokens against distributed collateral pool, which derives its value from fees levied transactions. growth transaction volume thus increases the value the collateral, allowing the token supply expand meet demand. the resulting system retains the best features bitcoin, while the introduction price stability results superior form money. june contents introduction payment networks cryptocurrency stablecoins distributed collateral havven system description equilibrium nomin price issuance and collateralisation collateralisation ratio optimal collateralisation ratio maximum collateralisation ratio transaction fees fees received havven holders nomin transaction fees base fee rate system analysis nomin demand and havven value fee evasion issuance case study practical issuance dynamics optimality targeting copt appendices road map ether-backed nomins (eusd) havven-backed nomins (nusd) continuing development modelling agent-based modelling expected market players introduction payment networks payment networks are closed systems within which users can transfer value. such systems include credit card networks, the swift network, and paypal. proprietors these networks possess absolute control over the value within the network, any transaction conducted within them may blocked reversed any time. although this ostensibly designed protect users, introduces systemic risk for all participants. the network compromised its owners cease behave benevolently, party can trust that the value their account secure accessible. traditional payment network like american express, participants trust that the fees charged are sufficient service the expenses incurred. however, were this trust disappear, merchants would refuse participate. thus, the value the unit account within this network derived solely from single entity and the trust that participants have that entity. result, the viability any centralised payment network depends complete trust central authority. bitcoin solved these problems ensuring that users have sole discretion over the money their account producing trustless, permissionless payment network which anyone could participate will. since users could enter and exit the system any time without being exposed the aforementioned risks, adoption was accelerated, and network effects were amplified. programmable blockchains allow the logic payment network decentralised transparent way, enabling anyone verify whether the network solvent. this eliminates systemic risk and reduces the costs associated with centralised networks. cryptocurrency the technology money has three key functions: act unit account, medium exchange and store value. payment technology has advanced recent years, money has become increasingly invisible and often lost upon its users that, like any technology, can improved. bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies represent impressive technological advancement existing forms money because they deliver improved durability, portability, and divisibility. further, they without requiring centralised control sovereign enforcement from which derive their value. their fixed monetary policies have protected them from debasement and devaluation, allowing them outperform other forms money store value. however, this has created the potential for short-run volatility they lack mechanisms dynamically adjust supply changing demand. bitcoin has thus tended poor medium exchange and even worse unit account. order for token effectively act money its purchasing power must remain stable against goods and services over the short medium term. stablecoins cryptocurrencies exhibit transaction immutability and censorship resistance, and these ways are better form money; but their adoption has been hindered the volatility inherent their static monetary policies. users cannot engage with such systems medium exchange the purchasing power fluctuates. stability continues one the most valuable yet elusive characteristics for the technology. stablecoins are cryptocurrencies designed for price stability. they should ideally effective making payments fiat currencies like the dollar, while retaining their other desirable properties. decentralised payment network built stablecoin would able capture all the benefits permissionless system, while also eliminating volatility. one approach achieving price stability produce token whose price targets the value fiat currency. targeting stability against fiat currencies obviates the need respond macroeconomic conditions, the token then benefits from the stabilisation efforts large institutions acting fiat markets. furthermore, token's price can maintained then can serve interface between fiat money and cryptocurrency. such stablecoin does not require account traditional bank, then can effectively used for settlement and purchasing, without the centralisation and counterparty risk involved fiat transactions. thus can expected that using stablecoins, exchanges that trade fiat for crypto will able rapidly reduce their transactional costs, reducing the barriers for new users enter the market. distributed collateral today's fiat money not backed asset; its stability derived from the authority the governments which issue it. these governments require that tax obligations are denominated the currencies they control, which are then used fund active stabilisation efforts. however, with government control comes the risk tyranny and debasement. decentralised monetary systems don't have these powers, and they must use collateral provide confidence the value their tokens. decentralised system cannot use collateral assets that exist outside the blockchain, interfacing with these assets necessitates centralisation with the aforementioned failure modes. meanwhile, cryptoasset prices have been dominated speculative volatility. whether system uses real-world assets cryptoassets back stable token, the value the collateral uncorrelated with the demand for the token, then the system vulnerable external price shocks. large corrections can destroy the value collateral without any change the demand for the token issued against it. clearly then, designing asset-backed stablecoin important select the collateral asset carefully, but existing asset perfectly serves the purpose. havven havven decentralised payment network where users transact directly price-stable cryptocurrency. those who use the stablecoin pay fees those who collateralise the network, compensating them for the risks providing collateral and stability. collateral providers control the money supply, and fees are distributed proportion with each individual's stabilisation performance. thus, havven rewards suppliers stability and charges those who demand it. havven implements two linked tokens achieve this structure: nomin the stablecoin, whose supply floats. its price measured fiat currency should stable. this token useful insofar provides superior medium exchange. thus addition price stability, havven should encourage adequate nomin liquidity. havven this token provides the collateral for the system and has static supply. its market capitalisation reflects the system's aggregate value. ownership havvens grants the right issue value nomins proportional the dollar value havvens placed into escrow. user wishes release their escrowed havvens, they must first present the system with the quantity nomins previously issued the havven token novel decentralised asset, whose intrinsic value derived from the fees generated the network collateralises. this enables form representative money which there requirement for physical asset, thus removing the problems trust and custodianship. issuance nomins requires greater value havvens escrowed the system, providing confidence that nomins can redeemed for their face value even the price havvens falls. the system incentivises the issuance and destruction nomins response changes demand, but ultimately the intrinsic value the havvens will reflect the required nomin supply. backing stablecoin this way provides full transparency over how many tokens have been issued against the available collateral. this provides solid basis for confidence the solvency the payment network built upon it. denominating the value the nomin external fiat currency means that stability relative only that currency. initially this currency will the dollar, and this the target currency used throughout this paper, but the future the system will support additional flavours stablecoin that are denominated other currencies. following bitcoin, the havven system will appear uppercase and singular; while the havven token will lowercase and may plural. system description havven dual-token system that, combined with set novel incentive mechanisms, stabilises the price the nomin with respect external asset. users the nomin token pay the owners the havven token for collateralising and stabilising the system. the havven token incentivises those who hold fulfil two functions: provide the system with collateral. participate the stabilisation the nomin price. collateralisation confidence the stability the nomin begins with overcollateralisation, that the value escrowed havvens greater than the value nomins circulation. long the ratio total nomin value total havven value remains favourable, there sufficient backing the underlying collateral pool ensure that nomins can redeemed for their face value. the redeemability nomin for the havvens against which was issued strongly supports stable price. stabilisation incentives havven rewards those that have issued nomins. these rewards are derived from transaction fees and are distributed proportion with how effectively each issuer acts maintain the correct nomin supply. the system monitors the nomin price, and responds adjusting its targeted global supply, which individual issuers are incentivised move towards. where volatility persists, stronger stabilisation mechanisms may applied, for example automated collateral recovery. where significant portion nomins are being used for hedging, (and hence not generating transaction fees) charge can applied ensure that the cost utility for hedging not being solely borne transactions. equilibrium nomin price first introduce the core system variables: havven quantity nomin quantity havven price nomin price all havven tokens are created initialisation, constant. the quantity nomins floats, responding the issuance actions havven holders. the havven system needs incentivise issuers maintain such that the nomin price stable proceed, may subscript variables with indicate the value that variable given time. any variable lacking such subscript indicates the value the quantity represents the current time. havven, the measure the value nomins against the value havvens called the collateralisation ratio: from the law supply and demand, given level demand, there exists some supply nomins which yields equilibrium price this quantity associated with ideal collateralisation ratio particular havven price cp*h which achieved when therefore, when cp*h visualise this equilibrium below with hypothetical demand and supply curves. cp*h assume that some level demand exists given the utility nomins stable cryptocurrency. although the organic supply and demand for nomins cannot easily manipulated, all issuance controlled havven holders, whose incentives are turn controlled the system. follows that require fixed price and are unable control either must incentivise havven holders manipulate and therefore order satisfy our requirement. issuance and collateralisation havven's goal stabilise the nomin price while remaining overcollateralised. order so, the system defines collateralisation target: flattening parameter (ps (pn when signal available suggest that the global nomin supply incorrect. this case copt and incentive exists move away from current collateralisation levels. however, case symmetric. notice that when the close (pn small, that havven does not overshoot the correct nomin supply. however, the further diverges from the larger the slope becomes, providing stronger fee incentive for havven holder move toward copt maximum collateralisation ratio havven seeks maintain cmax but constrain how much they may so. below define cmax terms copt cmax copt a>= the value cmax determines how much collateral each nomin issued against. the higher is, the more nomins can generated for the same value havvens. contrast, cmax low, the system has greater capacity absorb negative shocks the havven price before becomes undercollateralised. the value cmax therefore represents tradeoff between efficiency and resilience. defining cmax function copt havven finds the optimal balance this dilemma. this ensures that like copt cmax only changes consequence instability the nomin price. should noted that cmax corresponds fractional reserve monetary system, where greater value nomins can issued against each havven. havven, this situation unsustainable because would cause simultaneous appreciation havvens (up least the value nomins issuable against havven) and depreciation nomins, immediately diminishing copt and cmax bringing them back under transaction fees havven needs direct incentive mechanism that can correct the global collateralisation ratio, response changes the price havvens nomins. order target the correct price, the system adjusts the fees pays havven holders according their effectiveness stabilising the nomin price. fees received havven holders the fee rate received havven holder that has escrowed havvens phr,i the actual fee they receive phr,i being proportional with their havven balance. this rate changes with respect their unique collateralisation ratio, increases linearly maximum phbase the optimal collateralisation ratio copt before quickly diminishing approaches the maximum collateralisation ratio cmax this function designed encourage havven holders constantly target the optimal collateralisation ratio, rewarding them with greater fees they bring their into alignment with copt phr,i phbase copt cmax -ci cmax -copt when then the system encourages more nomins issued. however, copt this means that longer receiving the maximum fee rate phbase order return phbase must lower cbob back copt burning some nomins. needs work out how many burn. should burn nomins that has total issued, which will cost $.. when the system completes this process, his locked havvens will reduce back addition, cbob equal copt which means once again receiving the maximum fee rate. bob has taken the correct actions raise the low nomin price. electing burn nomins, the system performed limit buy order his behalf, putting upward pressure the nomin price. compensation for doing so, rewarded with the optimal fee rate phbase havven price shock (market price) this example illustrates how the system maintains the dollar value the underlying collateral adjusting the quantity user's escrowed havvens when the havven price changes. will use the same initial conditions the previous example. before, bob elects issue copt order maximise fees. the havven price drops $., which means the value bob's wallet has decreased both and cbob have increased since the nomin price has not changed, the system does not need incentivise issuance burning. this reflected the new value copt which changes matching and cbob however, the system needs escrow more bob's havvens maintain the dollar value the locked collateral. the system has now locked around bob's havvens, maintain locked collateral. optimality targeting copt will now examine the correct action for players respond changes the nomin price. the game begins equilibrium condition, with all players holding issuance levels matching the optimal level. for simplicity, consider system which has only two havven holders. lose generality here, collection actors behaving together can considered one agent. the sets agents consider are those those havven holders who and not respond nomin price shocks matching their aggregated copt changes, which motivated the monotonicity the fee function either side its maximum. one player assumed own fewer havvens than the other. this not the case, then reality soon will one strategy player's strategy more profitable than the other's. will examine each the four cases describing how each player can act, and show that the correct action for each player target copt initial conditions and definitions denote the fraction e-commerce transactions using nomins with gdp and assume the following inverse demand function for the nomin price: pn,t gdpt the expected profit havven holder period with respect fees and their issuance actions can expressed follows: pi,t phr,i,t hi,t (ni,t ni,t- pn,t the first havven holder owns havvens and has issued nomins. the second owns havvens and has issued nomins. neither havven holder buys sells havvens: n,- n,- the transaction fee rate (phc interest rate (r) and velocity (v) are fixed throughout: phc the values the price sensitivity parameter (s), the flattening parameter (ps) and the cmax multiplier (a) are: ps= evaluate pn,- assume that gdp- can now also evaluate ph,- and the initial issuance ratios: pn,- ph,- c,- c,- (pn,- copt,- cmax,- table prices and collateralisation; the number escrowed havvens for each havven holder given equation (). can also evaluate their expected profits: h,- p,- h,- p,- the beginning period there decrease gdp causing the nomin price decrease from $., but neither player has yet reacted the situation: pn, ph, (pn, copt, cmax, table negative shock; reaction; now consider all possible combinations actions turn. either one, neither, each player will react bring their own issuance levels into line with copt examine the resulting expected profit for each player each situation and show that the correct action for both players so. neither havven holder reacts neither havven holder changes then will remain $.. altough for both havven holders phr,i, phbase, their expected profits remain the same. this because they have the same fee rate, all fees must distributed and collectively they own all havvens. however, their number locked havvens has increased: both havven holders react instead remaining idle, each havven holder has opportunity increase phr,i, changing ni, align with copt, ni, copt, ph, pn, both havven holders target copt their new nomin balances, locked havvens and expected profits are: due their actions, the nomin price, pn, (pn, and copt, there further incentive for either havven holder change they also have reduced the level was originally: pn, ph, (pn, copt, cmax, table negative shock; both react; havven holder reacts now consider the scenario which only the first havven holder changes show the payoffs for each havven holder after iterations. havven holder improves his profit the expense havven holder stabilises around instead the reason being that, although copt, this means that havven holder has further incentive change pn, ph, (pn, copt, cmax, table negative shock; havven holder reacts; havven holder reacts finally, consider the case which only havven holder changes this case, havven holder improves his profit the expense havven holder again, does not stabilise but does stabilise closer than the previous scenario, since havven holder has larger fraction pn, ph, (pn, copt, cmax, table negative shock; havven holder reacts; nash equilibrium both havven holders are best off changing align with copt although for each them the best scenario would the other does not anything, this scenario cannot equilibrium. this can seen from the following strategic game representation the previous analysis (for this representation, assume that all iterations are made instantaneously and simultaneously both havven holders). (., (., (., table negative shock; strategic game representation ni, the action maintaining the same number nomins taken holder whereas ni* the action changing their nomin issuance. each box has the payoff that both holders get choosing some particular action. for example, havven holder chooses and holder chooses the former gets payoff and the latter can seen that havven holder will choose matter what action chosen havven holder gets larger payoffs following for any action that can take). similarly, will choose matter what the action havven holder is. other words, action ni* strictly dominates remaining idle with ni, therefore, {n* the unique nash equilibrium. other conditions note that the expected profit for each player decreases the case negative price adjustment. this due the fact that the players must buy back nomins from the market. yet this analysis does not take into account the profit obtained later selling those nomins the case positive price adjustment. the analysis for isolated positive correction similar that for negative one, but since nomins are being issued rather than burnt, the nash equilibrium profits strictly increase versus the "do nothing" scenario. table similar the one above can constructed for the case positive price shock: (., (., table positive shock; strategic game representation both cases the expected profit positive; note that balanced sequence positive and negative price shocks yields positive expected profit. thus steady state havven holders should able profitably stabilise the system, and absorb modest decreases aggregate nomin demand. appendices road map the havven system will released phases, described the following sections. this phased rollout accelerates market penetration while allowing features introduced and monitored incrementally. the intended approach decentralise havven built, which will accompanied gradual increase the issuance ratio while the system develops. this provides balance safety and functionality until havven fully mature. release schedule type iteration eusd ether-backed nomins nusd system static foundation issuance system dynamic market issuance system multi-currency nomins release ether-backed nomins (eusd) the ether-backed nomin system implements eusd, interim stablecoin which designed enable data collection determine the parameters necessary for the havven-backed nusd system. price stability maintained pool ether which backs the circulating stablecoin supply. this system, eusd can purchased from and sold into pool for worth ether. the havven foundation provides least ether collateral for each issued eusd, which ensures that the entire supply redeemable for its face value even the face the ether price falling two thirds. fees are collected transactions, and these fees are collected havven owners. the eusd system, being based ether collateral, has constrained maximum supply. therefore, order scale, the system must move towards its ultimate issuance mechanism, where nomins are backed with havvens. havven-backed nomins (nusd) system static foundation issuance the system version nusd allows issuance nomins against the value havvens static ratio, which set the havven foundation. nusd will created directly the issuer's wallet, and fees paid proportionally with the number issued nomins per user. given that it's necessary encourage liquidity, but not all the mechanisms outlined this paper will operating yet, issuance will the foundation itself, and potentially other white-listed addresses trusts. this way, the stability the token maintained direct market intervention the foundation. system fundamentally changes the issuance mechanics, nusd distinct token from eusd, even though both target price the time the nusd launch, the eusd contract will enter liquidation period, when eusd can sold back the contract. the conclusion this period, the contract will destroyed. future updates the havven system will not entail the destruction any nomin tokens; thus both havvens and nusd will persist without further interruption. system limits issuance that only those havvens the foundation controls can used back nomins, which means the full value the havven network cannot deployed for issuance. this stage the market will monitored closely the havven foundation, and the issuance ratio maintained low level gradually increased allow for expansion the nusd supply. this version the system constrained while the remaining system parameters described this paper are finalised. since nomins are created directly the issuer's wallet, liquidity may limited issuers choose not sell those nomins, which would counterproductive the general goal stability. systems aims combat such limitations. system dynamic market issuance system composes the complete mechanism described the main body this paper. the incentives will activated that users earn fees accordance with how effectively they stabilise the nomin price. system will enforce that issuance occurs through issuance controller decentralised exchange ensure that new liquidity injected directly into the market per nomin. the havven system must manage open issue/burn orders while also continually updating the price which they are offered. these elements being place, market players are encouraged behave correctly. thus, this phase opens the opportunity for anyone engaging the issuance process. with the intended mechanisms operational, any cap the ultimate scale the havven system effectively removed, and the most important remaining task stimulating demand for nomins. system multi-currency nomins one means increasing usage nomins offering denominated against variety different currencies. principle, the havven mechanism can target the price any asset. with this mind, the foundation intends allow issuance different flavours nomins. for example, addition nusd, the system could also allow nkrw issued, tracking the price the korean won. such system, issuers would rewarded with fees only for currencies they have issued. this extension would replicate the havven mechanism for each currency. such issuance occurs against the same collateral pool, straightforward see that the absence other incentives, the issued supply each nomin flavour should proportional with the each flavour's share total transaction volume. multicurrency nomin system clearly has the advantage providing the benefits stablecoins many markets, and thus deepening the fee-generating volume for havvens. but that these nomin flavours are interrelated the common pool capital provides extra utility the form relatively cheap foreign exchange nomins, using havven issuance settle between them. the introduction new nomin flavours will become straightforward, requiring only the creation new oracle for the intended asset, which does not have currency. once this version the system operational, additional extensions its capabilities are anticipated for future work. continuing development the havven protocol not tied any particular distributed ledger, only requiring general smart contract capabilities and modicum speed. however, its ultimate success tied the solution number fundamental problems the blockchain space, and the quality its own mechanisms. this end, research and development efforts will continue number relevant areas, which may include: fast decentralised oracles. alternative (scalable) blockchains and cross-chain functionality. improved fee structures, including dynamic fees and hedging charges. refined stabilisation mechanisms. system parameter optimisation. stablecoin econometrics and modelling. addition these fundamental questions, the havven foundation will continue pursue integrations with projects which would benefit from stable unit account. this encompasses any platform needing settlement token which integrates with decentralised systems. all such efforts aim increase nomin transaction volume, increasing the resources available for havven holders stabilise the token. modelling take the view that falsification vital validating proposed cryptoeconomic system. the more resilient given system hypothetical attacks, the more trust can put its viability. ultimately this must done empirically, but also important model havven extensively before launch. therefore our quantitative analysis have sought above all identify its failure modes, and also characterise its stability under range conditions. our quantitative analysis, have taken three distinct approaches modelling the system: analytical expressing our system the language game theory and microeconomics, seek gain insight into havven's incentive structure and the resulting price equilibria. examining the problem from this direction leads concise and mathematically robust conclusions. simulationist implement broad range strategies agents, and examine how the market responds under different initial conditions, with different constituent populations, and response external shocks. this approach allows examine situations which are analytically intractable. empirical the earlier releases the havven system are invaluable testing our assumptions about later ones. observation real market behaviour allows better understand how responds different situations, and therefore how choose appropriate values for system variables. some the results our analytical investigations can found here, while simulation may found here, and its code here. agent-based modelling has been observed that analytic methods are often difficult apply the complex and dynamic setting market. one suggested solution this problem agent-based modelling. under this paradigm, proceed first defining rational agent behaviour and then simulating the interplay those strategies over time. seek develop more effective method characterising market behaviour and equilibrium prices than pure analytic reasoning. such simulations also provide immediate means measuring quantities interest. simply observing the model, can discover how varying input parameters affect system outputs experimental fashion. one important corollary that this way extracting reasonable settings for system parameters (such fee levels) that might difficult reason about priori. these systems, reactive they are, also provide method for testing proposed remedies for any identified failure modes, and are platform simulate the conclusions any antecedent game-theoretic reasoning. expected market players here outline some the players anticipated the market. these represent only some the agents that our modelling and simulations are predicated upon. havven holders havven holder provides the collateral and liquidity for the system. assumed that havven holders primarily seek fee revenues, and escrow most their havvens, adjusting their issuance track havven's moving fee incentives. while these incentives make sense havvens are relatively stable the long term, havven will also provide incentives for correcting the nomin price the short term. returns for these actors are primarily realised fees, seignorage, and the appreciation havvens resulting from their constrained supply. nomin users these are the market participants who will make the base demand for any stablecoin, chasing its superior utility medium exchange means hedging against other forms value. the users nomins may include merchants, consumers, service providers, cryptocurrency market actors such exchanges. the transaction volume these users provide necessary for fees exist. they may disincentivised from using the system low liquidity situations with excessive volatility the price nomins. speculators speculators may tend magnify price corrections, and are significant vector which introduce exogenous shocks the system. our modelling induce volatility simulating modes interest such large capital flows response breaking news and the like. speculators also produce important stabilisation force. when the market believes that the price being stabilised, upward price shifts induce sell pressure, and downward price shifts induce buy pressure. this strategy profitable the assumption that the price will return the equilibrium point. this neutral stabilisation force self-sustaining negative feedback loop which operates independently other incentives; preliminary simulations and observations other systems have verified the efficacy this corrective pressure. arbitrageurs and market makers the arbitrage force allows assume that the havven/nomin, havven/fiat, nomin/fiat prices are properly alignment will soon become aligned. market-making activities allow our modelling neglect the bid/ask spread, and situations where there insufficient liquidity for players transact. please visit http://research.havven.io for alpha version our model. the interested reader can find additional discussion payment networks, stablecoins, and cryptoeconomics http://blog.havven.io.