hcash whitepaper hypercash the new standard value contents introduction development roadmap project risk and risk management disclaimer reference h.cash h.cash hcash will create all new platform that links major blockchains, allowing value and information circulate between the different blockchains, hence redefine the value blockchain. below are some important features the hcash platform. hive. composed blockchain and dag systems blockchain-based blockless-based hcash platform designed the side chain for both block-based and blockless-based blockchains. hcash will the value and information carrier for all blockchains enable the exchange value and information possible for between the systems. h.cash address definition order implement with another important feature which will mention later, hcash designed purposely have both public and private addresses compatible with zcash and byteball address systems. the near future, expected directly send and receive zec gbyte the hcash system. meanwhile, also possible achieve the fully encrypted communication based zero knowledge proof technology between the hcash nodes and clients, well range other exciting new features. about directed acyclic graph directed acyclic graph finite directed graph with directed cycles. that is, consists finitely many vertices and edges, with each edge directed from one vertex another, such that there way start any vertex and follow consistently-directed sequence edges that eventually loops back again. h.cash the dag graph special but more general directed graph compares the directed tree. the following figure shows the examples directed trees, dag graph, and directed graph. the big data industry, dag usually used for big data structural level, such the execution engine hadoop, storm and spark. the following graph shows the operating architecture spark: h.cash there dependent relationship between the rdd objects which forms dag situation. the dag scheduler will split dag into 'stages'. the rules for splitting are simple: scanning through from back front, whenever dag scheduler encounters narrow dependence the current 'stage' will added whereas wide dependence will split. after completing the division the 'stage', dag scheduler generates the 'taskset' based each 'stage' and submit the 'taskset' 'taskscheduler'. 'taskscheduler' responsible for the specific task scheduling, blockchain technology develop, many new blockchain data structure are now developed base dag, for example iota []. iota's core data structure, called 'tangled', trying resolve existing issues the 'internet things' industry such massive data storage and distributed computing. addition, provides good solution for the micropayment the iot industry. h.cash traditional blockchain such bitcoin and ethereum are using binary tree data structures such the merkel tree: hcash attempts establish channel between the systems, top two completely different data structures, that can compatible with the current mainstream blockchain technical standard while allowing the new blockchain technology communicate with the current blockchain system. hcash's technical development team consists technical experts from the world's famous academic institution cryptography and blockchain industry, well the experts big data and cloud computing. all these expert will ensure the hcash project meet its original system design goals. h.cash hybrid .pow+pos open-governance model the consensus across digital currency communities has always been difficult problem solve. all know, the struggle upgrade the bitcoin has been affecting the development the community over the past two three years. and yet the over-centralisation zcash-like digital currencies has certainly deterred active participation across the community. hcash, has incorporated partially the philosophy decred and dash, introduces instant-open-governance, which allows all holders participate community decisions through the pos mining mechanism, including protocol updates and upgrades. hcash more advanced the sense that provides smoother execution. once the vote passed, all decisions will recorded the blockchain and enforced, thus avoiding the consensus problem induced from miners, mining farms, exchanges and wallet service providers. the pow mechanism set prevent pre-ico investors occupying excessively large portion rewards pos distribution. also has been proved the most effective security mechanism protect the blockchain system. h.cash although inevitably large amount energy will consumed, believe such setting still worthwhile comparison the security benefits brings system. moreover, possible have the pow and pos mining process combined together ensure the security the system. first, start mining traditional pow way where the miners compete solve for cryptographic hard problem. according this implementation, the blocks being mined not contain any transactions (they are more like templates), the winning blocks will only include header and the miner's reward address. this moment, the system will switch pos. based the information this header, set random validators selected sign the new block. the higher the number coins validator holding, the higher the probability being selected. once the selected validator completes the signature the block, the template becomes complete block. some the validators are not available for signing the block, they will selected sign the next block and new set validators will selected until the block gets the correct number signatures. the fee will assigned the miner and the validators who participate the signature the block. h.cash for pow [], qualified blocks can expressed as: f(nonce) element with order where the system parameters (p, and the verification function (that is, the public key the trusted third-party are distributed verify the signature the message. given unique identity for each user, user (with identity ia) selects the secret key and calculates g-s mod sends and reliably and obtains certificate from let (ia, (ia, v)), where st(.) the signature generated h.cash the agreement follows: select the random number calculate mod which pre-processing step that can done before appears; will send (ca, verifies st(ia, with the public key realizes the identity and public key and sends random number between and where security parameter; verifies calculates mod and sends verifies mod the equation holds, then recognize the identity legitimate. the security based the parameter where chosen large enough that the probability guessing correctly small enough. the suggested value for the suggested length for (that is, |p|) about bits, and (that is, |q|) bits. h.cash hcash will motived from the zero knowledge proof technique from zcash. will not only used achieve bi-directional encryption the process asset transfer, but also deployed many other areas demanding transactional privacy. hcash has integrated real-time communication function within the client, which can support multiplatform token transfer via black address order preserve privacy daily peer peer communications, through the technique zero knowledge proof. further realises multiplatform encrypted communication such from hcash client the byteball client. hard. quantum resistance currently within the blockchain systems represented bitcoin, sha- hash calculations and ecdsa elliptic curve cryptography serve the most basic security protection along the bitcoin network. however, with the advancement quantum computer technology, especially within shaw's algorithm typical representative the quantum algorithm), related operations can achieved from the index level the polynomial level theory. problems that are difficult for classical computer the foreseeable future can certainly solved practical quantum computers. h.cash post-quantum cryptography, also known quantum-resistant cryptography, able resist the attacks quantum computers. the development such encryption technology takes more traditional path, based difficult problems specific mathematics fields. through researching and developing algorithms, the post-quantum secure encryption technology can applied the network, and provide the highest level data security. the application post-quantum cryptography does not rely any quantum theory phenomenon, but its computational security can defend against any form quantum attack that currently known. ibm researchers proposed encryption scheme called learning with errors (lwe)[][], which means learn with error. takes long time find the nearest lattice, can resist attacks from the quantum computer. ring-lwe-based public key encryption scheme: related parameter selection and operation rules the main parameters the program are the maximum number polynomials the encryption scheme. the guarantee efficiency and security standard, should h.cash large modulus, which positive integer. the value related the specific case. the value should large enough ensure that the security high, but the greater the value the more system resources will consumed and the computation will increased well. small modulus, usually small positive integer. let q[x] ,the two polynomial and the ring are expressed follows +... fn-xn-,g( ... fn- xn-,k define the following operations: kfx+ ...kfn-xn- private key generation this scheme, the encryption public key (x), the decryption private key (x) and (x). the selection method follows: *g( mod *fq( mod fq( the public key ,g( and the private key ,fp( h.cash encryption process the scheme, the random error polynomial introduced when encrypting, psa, psa gaussian distribution with the parameter and the plaintext converted the polynomial x). the ciphertext is: x)*m( *e( decryption process the received ciphertext (x), and the steps for decrypting the ciphertext using the private key (x) and (x) are follows: *c( *h( *m( *g( x)*e( =[f( *fq( ]*m( *g( *e( mod (x) (x) (x) (x) (x) (x) (x) mod (x) the decryption process steps and (), there may decryption failure. when the coefficient step not the interval step coefficient not the interval there will decryption failure. but long the selection the appropriate parameters, the possibility decryption failure still very small. also can use the algorithm similar ntru avoid decryption failure. h.cash hcash will develop ring-lwe key exchange protocol that works with openssl achieve post-quantum secure blockchain. handy. limited blockchain with unlimited transaction the dag technology itself not based blocks and therefore not subject block validation time constraints (for example, the confirmation time for bitcoin minutes and for ethereum seconds). its auditing procedure hcash system designed take into consideration the interaction between dag-based blockchain system thus some the advantages dag will reflected hcash. the confirmation time the transaction the hcash system almost instantaneous. dag not based block, there so-called block size limit. theory, the amount transactions that can accommodated per unit time very large (htps, hyper transaction per second). the same time, hcash needs consider interaction with block-based blockchain systems. therefore possible for hcash realize mass number transactions per unit time under limited block volume. that the real realization the "hypercash" function. h.cash haven. limited token supply hcash has finite supply tokens. the supply closes million, and will separated into six channels: million (%) will created pow; million (%) will created pos; ico and free distribution will account for million (%); pre-ico investors will hold million (%); million (%) will belong the development team hcash fund, million (%) will allocated hcash-dao. h.cash hcash addresses are divided into white and black addresses, corresponding the transparent address zcash and whitebyte byteball, and the z-add zcash and blackbyte byteball, respectively. hcash users can convert their white addresses black addresses vice versa within their own wallets, provided that the total number hcash tokens remains the same. the system default definition, the million tokens generated the pos stream will all the dark address. call this part the currency hidden coin. similarly, the million tokens generated the pow stream will also the dark address hidden coin. for the remaining the other hcash, all will the white address, including the portion from the ico and free distribution, early investors, development team and hcash foundation holdings and hcash-dao. the token can changed across the two opposite side (white black black white) during the conversion between different systems transmission between different users. h.cash development roadmap hcash focused building new technical standards and redefining the value, the technical challenges are unprecedented. the expected development roadmap shown below: h.cash hcash and hshare since takes time implement hcash code and feature development, after the end the ico all investors will get hshare which based current mature utxo blockchain token first. after the hcash main line the line, you can redeem any hshare exchange hcash official team with hcash any on-line hshare exchange. and after about months complete all the acceptance and replacement. the hcash team will use technical means destroy all hshare. all hshare will permanently destroyed after the deadline. hshare's open source code under hcash's github page, everyone can read and review the source code for hshare and confirm that the total number hsahre releases the same the hcash number specified the hcash white paper. h.cash project risk and risk management related risks hcash project policy risk present, although many governments hold positive attitude and encouragement policy towards blockchain-related industries, there are still many uncertainties due the decentralization property public blockchain and the existing centralized government regulations. the management team will use the following ways manage the policy risk: the team will set separate public relation department, which will actively communicate with the government and industry practitioners, and cooperate the legal framework for the design digital asset issuance trading financial blockchain blockchain applications and related business. the hcash does not involve currency exchange business. but the team will not interfere with third-party exchange carry out hcash trading business with existing currency. hcash team only focus technology. h.cash market risk the ultimate goal hcash achieve the value the decentralized free flow the blockchain system. but since the blockchain industry has just emerged, the future the project will face variety market tests. the operation team will use the following ways manage the market risk: the hcash operation team will regularly participate industry meetings and regularly occasionally hold project progress and conference communicate with relevant developers regarding the current market needs and prospects. this can ensure that the project able respond the community and market voices. technical risk hcash will establish cross-platform new technical standard, which very difficult task terms technology development. therefore, requires top technical talents and large research involvement. the control not good, will definitely affect the progress the project and even eventually lead the failure the project. h.cash the operation team will use the following ways manage the technical risk: closely rely the top domestic and foreign universities and the blockchain community, and build blockchain technology innovation joint laboratories with top universities. the foundation will also regularly allocate funds support the hcash community and collaborates with other blockchain communities ensure that the project technical risks can controlled. financial risk financial risk refers the significant loss project fund, such as: fund stolen, development progress incompletion within the scheduled time because personnel and financial problems and on. the operation team will use the following ways manage the financial risk: all large amount digital currency storage are multi-signature wallet cold storage the foundation directors. the multi-signature mode, can effectively reduce the risks fund stolen and privately misappropriation. h.cash disclaimer this document used only convey the purpose the information and does not constitute relevant opinion for the sale hcash hshare. the above information analysis does not constitute investment decisions. this document does not constitute any investment advice, investment intention abetting investment. this document does not constitute and conduct any sale sale any form securities, nor any form contract promise. the investor needs have clear understanding the risks hcash, and once the investor participates the investment, understands and accepts the risks. the investor willing take all the corresponding results consequences for this purpose. the hcash team will not obey any direct indirect losses incurred participating the hcash project. h.cash reference satoshi nakamoto. bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf. oct vitalik buterin. ethereum white paper next-generation smart contract and decentralized application platform. https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/white-paper. wikipedia. directed acyclic graph. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/directed_acyclic_graph. serguei popov for jinn labs. the tangle. https://iota.org/iota_whitepaper.pdf, april anton churyumov. byteball: decentralized system for storage and transfer value. https://byteball.org/byteball.pdf, september. wikipedia. pow. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proof-of-work_system. wikipedia. pos. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proof-of-stake. "nxt whitepaper (blocks)". nxtwiki. retrieved january mthcl (pseudonymous). "the math nxt forging" (pdf). pdf docdroid.net. retrieved december vasin, pavel. "blackcoin's proof-of-stake protocol ori brafman. the starfish and the spider: the unstoppable power leaderless organizations. yochai benkler. wealth networks: how social productions transforms markets and freedom. http://www.btc.com/dao-attack-lost--million hoffstein pipher silverman jh. ntru: ring based public key cryptosystem lyubashevsky v., peiker regev o.on ideal lattice and learning with errors over rings h.cash