hedgetrade: blockchain enabled social trading august abstract capital markets, general, are riddled with fear, uncertainty, and doubt. result, volatility cannot explained through conventional principles and financial predictions available the internet generally become baseless and hard trust. the lack democratic process when determining reliable information with the sheer volume participants leaves many with information that challenging rely on. hedgetrade networking hub for financial and cryptocurrency trading experts, and for newcomers seeking trading predictions for cryptocurrencies, stocks, options, commodities, any other tradable product. the hedgetrade platform driven the hedg token, this improves investor confidence for these predictions through staking mechanisms operated via smart contracts, and through proprietary user rank algorithm that highlights users with excellent performance. introduction financial prediction markets are speculative markets created with the intent trading outcomes for financial instruments from participants. the structure these markets very simple; users trade contracts through exchange that provides payout. prediction markets work using similar fundamental principles that drive other markets. the value assets uncertain, large number traders attempt profit trading based their beliefs, analytics, and available information. prediction markets are important for the development trusted and transparent economy. blockchain technology allows traders enter predictive contracts without the need broker manage the trade. prediction markets have enhanced capability efficiently aggregate all accessible data that pertinent the outcome event. large number firms have thousands active traders producing millions dollars trading volume with exponentially growing profits, but most are not taking advantage the potential prediction markets. how hedgetrade works blueprint staking mechanism the hedgetrade platform incorporates blockchain technology directly into its functionality whereby traders submit predictions into smart contract driven "blueprint" that will execute true false results based real market information. hedgetrade rewards traders with hedg tokens for successful predictions paid for the blueprint purchasers. the trader makes correct prediction via the blueprint, they will receive tokens from the purchasing audience. otherwise, the tokens are returned the purchaser coded the smart contract. this reward and automated verification system greatly enhances trader's credibility, motivation succeed, and earning potential. each smart contract written based parameters set the trader using the hedgetrade web application. any audience member can then 'buy' this analysis, 'blueprint.' depending the result the blueprint correct incorrect trading prediction), the contract will then execute outcome when specific parameters are carried out. the executed contract will affect the trader's reputation, ranking and hedg earnings; hedg only awarded from the purchasing audience the trader upon making correct blueprint, otherwise the hedg tokens are returned the audience members. this means that audience members will only 'pay' for trader recommendations with hedg their blueprint 'true,' otherwise the smart contract will execute 'false' outcome and return the hedg the audience member. the purpose the smart contract integration into the blueprints create higher level validation, verification and transparency analyst performance, which turn affects their ranking and reward. proof-of-rank the proof-of-rank algorithm proprietary multi variable set formulas which assigns each trader the platform overall rank. can understood leveraging the blockchain's most powerful property, its immutable ledger, which will integrate our proprietary algorithm that effectively quantifies the prediction performance each blueprint creator. blueprints will thus carry intrinsic value based the trader's track record and ranking. this scheme allows data indexed relative importance and value. our implementation multiple variables within the algorithms will consist numerous factors, sampling which are listed below examples: birth account key feature the staking mechanism. contains the details user's personalized prediction the form smart contract. number successful blueprints viewership unique contributors amount hedg earned account age contributors streak all these factors, among proprietary list others, are taken into consideration output assessment users/data and distinguish level credibility for the platform and each user. implementation the premise the formula filter each individual and provide accurate risk analysis the user they grow their track record. let r(u,t) the proof-of-rank function describing user time r(u,t) real-valued function where u=(u\_,u\_,...,u\_n) n-dimensional vector real values. r(u,t) f(u,t, w(t)) where w(t) real-valued scalar weighting function, independent the user and only depending the time. oracle our context, oracle agent that finds, validates and submits market information the blockchain used our smart contracts. when particular value (i.e., date/time, price, etc.) reached event automatically triggers. the primary task oracle provide these values the smart contract secure and accurate manner, while maintaining verifiable proof its integrity. decentralized dispute resolution the decentralized dispute resolution process designed incentivize truthful action. the technology gives blueprint creators the option hold challenge period the blueprint time expiry. during this challenge period, the creator will required stake additional hedg tokens begin the dispute resolution process. the process will begin automatically notifying randomized selection high ranking users that have opted join dispute resolutions. each qualified user must then stake hedg tokens cast their vote whether the blueprint question was correct incorrect. users that vote the side the majority will rewarded with hedg tokens. milestone releases due the nature and complexity our blockchain technology, the hedgetrade platform will separated into several milestone release versions. hedgetrade alpha the hedgetrade alpha release contains all necessary functionality congruent our blueprint staking model. introductory features provide hedgetrade platform users with the ability create smart contract predictions any cryptocurrency available through the exchanges listed. the primary staking model introduced this release gives blueprint creators the ability stake variable number hedg tokens signal their level confidence the audience. order incentivize initial purchasers, the first group purchasers blueprint will entitled increased return their purchase stake the prediction incorrect. hedgetrade beta the hedgetrade beta release will available for access private invite-only members. user feedback will attained ensure the public release stable and fully functional. hedgetrade the initial public release will possess the same features the beta version, albeit with improved and additions. hedgetrade the hedgetrade platform will integrate our proprietary proof-of-rank technology, accompanied upgraded blueprint resolution mechanism, and referral system. will support data from additional financial markets, allowing users create blueprint predictions more exchanges and eventually stocks, commodities, any other exchange traded product. hedgetrade blueprints created hedgetrade will feature the decentralized dispute resolution process and the implementation additional staking model. this staking model will benefit users that hold greater number hedg tokens. all blueprint purchasers and creators will entitled increased payout using tiered system that depends the amount hedg tokens the user holding their wallet (see section spam and manipulation key advantage the hedgetrade platform compared other trading platforms the degree difficulty will present spammers and manipulators, making the execution such fraudulent activities perverse and impractical. most all traditional social media investing and sharing websites are plagued with fake upvotes, comments and followers. many these heavily manipulated sites are frequently used carry out pump-and-dump schemes and therefore can pose massive risk new investors the space. the core architecture dependent complex algorithm that eliminates gaming and abuse. integral element spam prevention the ability detect anomalies, such as: account creation spam: multiple accounts created one person robot. shilling: accounts used artificially manipulate the perception person product. usage accounts: are the accounts only used contribute one person? amongst the tools used help identify account legitimacy artificial intelligence (ai): build base model from the data that asks the following question: "what the probability that the selected data not anomaly?" employing this model that built utilizing our data structure, can differentiate other examples are anomalous not. having built this model, can assume: possible anomaly probability value which define depending our needs. the test subject. model each the features assuming each one distributed according normal distribution: assuming that there are features assumed for each training data, p(x)p(x) is: now have group data which fits valid interactions and can continue filter the data through more validity tests. general token information part our attempt generating initial platform adoption, will release the hedg token the public prior the launch hedgetrade. hedg token specifications token: hedg token name: hedgetrade platform utility token hedg token supply: ,,, hedg token distribution will allocated for initial private and public token sales. will allocated the seed round. will reserved for partnerships and community building. will held the company for future sales, staff compensation and other corporate affairs. cryptoeconomics modern cryptoeconomics suggests that stable blockchain platform relies well structured network economics for its token. properties such stakeholder incentivization dynamics enable better individual productivity the platform, the other hand, bad actors will subject penalties. much this leads better network performance, resulting more platform attention and appreciation token demand. incentivizing token usage with the initial release, hedg tokens can staked favorably the design delivers high profit margin for both predictors and audience purchasers. future releases, the hedgetrade platform will experiment with other blueprint staking mechanisms, these additional options will encourage users utilize their tokens the platform through tiered payout model. this model will rely users proof-of-rank calculation, hedg token staking each blueprint and the number hedg tokens currently held their wallet. through the interface provided hedgetrade, confidence between end-users and data sources will increase, businesses and consumers will assured with quality controlled data, and end-users will have simplified interface with quick payment system. the tables below serve examples for blueprint traders and purchasers and the revenue payouts earned and discounts received (number values the tables are for illustration purposes only and are subject change with the functional release the hedgetrade platform). trader revenue payout based hedg holdings hedg tokens held payout from holding custom trader holds greater than the number hedg tokens the table above, they will receive the corresponding payout from holding percentage. token number held determined the time blueprint submission. trader revenue payout based hedg staking per blueprint hedg tokens staked payout from staking addition the payout from holding above, the trader will also receive additional percentage payout from staking for staking greater than this number hedg tokens into each blueprint. purchaser discount for hedg holdings hedg tokens held blueprint price discount custom purchasers that hold greater than this number hedg tokens will receive the corresponding discount the cost each blueprint. token number held determined the time blueprint purchase. purchaser tokens returned for hedg holdings percentage tokens returned hedg tokens held custom purchasers that hold greater than this number hedg tokens will receive the corresponding percentage hedg tokens back the trader incorrect with his blueprint prediction. token number held determined the time blueprint purchase. purchaser eligibility kyc aml compliance all token sale rounds will strictly follow kyc (know your customer) and aml (anti-money laundering) policies. the participants' personal information and identity proofs are then gathered and run against legal database. hedg tokens not represent company shares give rights revenue sharing. from token economics point view, the hedg tokens are for use the hedgetrade platform, therefore, there guarantee for any future economic value the hedg token. our team the hedgetrade headquarters are based singapore, with team members extending into north america and europe. development the hedgetrade platform began and its operations are currently supported full-time employees. more team information can found the hedgetrade website. summary prediction markets have enormous potential long-term forecasting and assessment. blockchain enabled prediction markets reduce bottlenecks associated with contract fulfilment, manipulation and provide better transparency and dispute resolution than traditional prediction markets. the hedgetrade platform creates financial incentives for real market insights and environment that deters market manipulation through the use artificial intelligence. hedgetrade strives establish community based trust and transparency, that enables individuals improve their trading skills, market awareness, and transactional profitability. references cluster analysis: basic concepts and algorithms. [pdf] decentralized prediction market without arbiter (). bentov mizrahi rosenfeld [pdf] introduction cryptoeconomics. vitalik buterin. [pdf] decentralizing prediction markets and order books (), clark al. [pdf]