smart investors don't risk it, they hedge it. white paper hedge project developing the ideal crypto platform that will enable its users crypto traded indices(tm) and derivatives trading. now you can easily get exposure the crypto markets with professionally designed crypto indices that use official rule-books. manage your risks with derivatives and hedge your exposure the volatile crypto markets. hedge platform will offer users trade indices, the basket cryptocurrencies single derivatives. buy (or short) the market with single click. content hedge project summary hedge project revenue streams executive team why support hedge project market insight cryptocurrencies initial coin offerings ico how participate? roadmap hedge project funding milestones hedge project products what index index rule book long term outlook crypto indices legal disclaimer why are hedge indices better than other indices? bitcoin price index btccx cryptocurrency top index ccx next crypto indices development crypto asset index crypto income index crypto (specific country) indices cti crypto traded index why purchasing ctis better than individual asset picking? hedge project index instruments hedge project platform hedge project summary the rapid expansion crypto space and the continuously increasing influx institutional money into the market have created the need for the introduction indices tracking this market and investment options allowing easy diversification and introduction derivatives allowing investors hedge their exposure the crypto market. evolution entirely new asset class indeed bringing many possibilities but also many threats investors. diversification and hedging are key concepts finance that every investor should aware and take into account when either investing for long term day trading. the mitigation risk what determines success failure, even more so, the crypto space. have recognized enormous market opportunity developing platform that based professionally designed, rule book basedcrypto indices. hedge project presents first commercial crypto indices with official rulebooks modeled best principles index construction and governance. have successfully launched the ccx (crypto currencies top index). our product offering will expand meet the demands the crypto community. following from the introductions our indices, various complimentary financial instruments will the first the crypto market crypto traded indices (ctis). platform hedge project development focused introducing the platform that will enable anyone access professionally developed crypto indices and diversification investments. hedgers investors day traders institutions the crypto markets exhibit three glaring issues which hedge project addressing: universally-accepted crypto index accessible one platform contacts communications meetings matters events credentials proposal builder relationships widely accepted crypto index represents crypto currencies assets asset class. hedge project creating professionally designed and maintained indices, serve benchmark for crypto financial instruments. this will enable investors and traders gain crypto market exposure. secure, real-time platform, where the market your fingertips and investors have the ability tame volatility and inefficiency crypto markets. diversification expensive introducing various ctis, will give investors possibility inexpensively and easily diversify their investments throughout the market, avoid high trading, management, and other fees, and offer single access point eliminating the need maintain trading accounts several exchanges. systematic hedging impossible adding derivatives and allowing investors short certain ctis, with hedge project platform are bringing together the bulls and the bears the market effectively and efficiently. investors will able shift and manage risk many ways, combining positions they see fit, and hedge their position our platform. executive team name role savo lovsin hedge project manager giovanni lesna product development janez benedik investment analyst kristjan dekleva investment analyst luka gubo advisor gasper stih brand manager jure grabnar developer experience having worked for one the largest market-making, arbitrage trading companies and head financial advisory one the big companies, savo has broad experience markets, trading, arbitrage strategies and financial modelling. currently dedicated full-time bring hedge project the market. financial product specialist mutual funds. business consultant with the trading platform, banking risk, and fin tech experience. finance specialist and investment analyst with international experience the insurance industry inv. management, inv. operations, and inv. accounting. finance specialist and investment analyst with international experience the insurance industry inv. management, inv. operations, and inv. accounting. master finance, focused private equity, corporate finance and asset management. with work academic research, and experience financial services industry, well diversified studies, kristjan able see challenges different angles. currently pursuing the chartered financial analyst designation. senior quantitative analyst developing quantitative models and implementing them into the investment process, managing quant, quantitative global fund fully regulated and developing risk management models. community manager with keen focus setting and implementing social media and communication campaigns align with marketing strategies. highly skilled developer, with several years experience software engineering, design and development data processing algorithms used trade systems. name role matej zrimsek developer klemen gantar developer matic nedog legal primoz novak legal experience project developer with several years experience problem solving and development full stack applications. project developer with many years experiences his field with skillful approach problem-solving and development full stack applications. llm, lawyer specialized business law, corporate law, insolvency law, competiion law modern business models especially digital platforms with advanced game-theory and comparative analysis. currently focusing securities law relation cryptocurrencies llm, lawyer specialized corporate law, m&a's, bankruptcy law, civil law, law. currently focusing international law relation cryptocurrencies regarding aml requirements and tax optimization. "we aim expand our team order get additional manpower deliver our road map time, and exceed our supporters' expectations." market insight the time writing there are over various crypto currencies and assets, with the combined market capitalization over usd bn. the birth entirely new asset class, along with its possibilities for technological disruption, has created market boom never seen before. since the beginning the systematic tracking the crypto market april the total value all legacy and newly introduced currencies and assets have grown -times, with almost -fold growth year-to-date. what started completely new monetary concept has grown over every prediction, with legislation trying play catch with the market, and institutional investors recognising the wider potential the blockchain technology brings, with its unlimited use-cases from land registry (propy) identity verification (civic) means payment (ripple). cryptocurrencies cryptocurrencies are basically new form money. they are based blockchain technology, which distributed across network nodes, which verifies the integrity the whole system using consensus mechanism. cryptocurrencies are truly decentralised without the supervision any central authority, making them superior transact between unknown parties (they are called trust-less the system confirms the validity transactions there need know the identity the counterparty you can sure that you will receive the funds the transaction valid). cryptocurrencies are robust systemic risk which makes them preferred medium exchange the internet. their supply determined mathematical function, monetary policy the currency well known advance, which leads monetary discipline. there are risks hyperinflation due unrestrained central bank issuing excess money supply unrestricted government's spending the money that does not have, i.e., lack fiscal discipline; because this, cryptocurrencies are increasingly becoming seen store value that has gold standard features. coins are used means payment. the underlying mechanism's sole purpose exchange one currency for another currency asset. tokens have utility usage, which usually access product service used only within created ecosystem. tokens have value because their underlying right enjoy the use and advantages another are property and are also tradable exchanges peer-to-peer transactions. even though the correlations between the cryptocurrencies used very high, investors are starting differentiate between the assets, lowering the overall systematic risk (i.e., market risk) and trying diversify their crypto portfolios efficiently possible. the 'heavy weight' and crypto market dominance bitcoin can identified potential risk. therefore, investing well positioned but smaller cryptocurrencies opportunity diversify the risk too much exposure large cryptocurrencies. nevertheless, most the cryptocurrencies with the exception bitcoin and perhaps ethereum are still unknown the general public and average investor. bitcoin still the largest cryptocurrency far, but with market capitalization approximately usd (as august amounts slightly less than per cent the total market capitalization all cryptocurrencies. investing only bitcoin does not provide investor with true exposure cryptocurrencies asset class and not most favorable from risk perspective. the inclusion the top ten cryptocurrencies, with total market capitalization approximately usd (as august and representing almost total market capitalization, would the bare minimum, required obtain diversified exposure cryptocurrencies and high risk adjusted return investment. ccx, index cryptocurrencies introduced hedge project, includes top cryptocurrencies and represents almost crypto market. largest cryptocurrenies august (usd millions) tenx lisk bitshares tether steem bytecoin iconomi augur golem binance coin stellar lumens factom source: coinmarketcap.com initial coin offerings ico the year followed has witnessed surge various start-ups raised over usd through initial coin offerings ("ico"). the lack transparency some projects, limited regulatory oversight and investor protection, and limited investor due diligence have created environment, where some valuations are fuelled the fear-of-missing-out ("fomo economics") rather than careful consideration the project's merits and market potential, i.e., due diligence. argument could made that the concept ico displacing traditional crowdfunding and venture capital investments. the ico market seems maturing, with projects shifting from pure technology initiatives finance, gambling and social content, also providing more diversification benefits the venture capital market. projects related financial industry are becoming increasingly funded icos; this segment was far the largest segment and represents one-quarter the market with more than usd raised date. source: autonomous research, (), #token mania, new york city, ny, autonomous research llp icos category millions) top icos category millions) tezos eos.io bancor status tenx mobilego sonm basic attention token civic storj polybius aragon eternity openanx cosmos network qtum giga watt mysterium network nimiq tokencard dao.casino gnosis iex.ec ytd abtcoin blockchain capital fund iii hedge project products what index index measures the cumulative performance individual market (or segment the market) type financial benchmark. measure this performance, need some method so. one way take every stock the market and calculate the average return the market taking average all individual stock returns. however, this method has its flaws. using equal-weighting method will show how average stock the market has done, but that does not represent the market well. index' indicator typically refers statistical measure change securities market. the case financial markets, stock and bond market indices consist hypothetical portfolio securities representing particular market segment (you cannot invest directly it). the crypto market develops, there will rising demand for indices such s&p for equity market and hedge project already publishes them! however, there slight problem with calculating indices crypto markets. the law one price does not hold crypto markets due illiquidity and imperfect markets and information. company's stock trades multiple exchanges the price that stock should the same both exchanges not, traders would buy the stock the exchange where cheaper and sell the exchange, effectively arbitraging the difference away. currently, the prices most cryptocurrencies can vary significantly from exchange exchange. some frictions make hard for arbitrageurs remove the inefficiency from the market and will, therefore, take some time before the law one price holds the crypto markets. the meantime, there will even stronger demand for professionallybuilt and maintained, crypto indices. hedge token are bringing market, professionally designed and maintained indices that will enable you get inexpensive exposure the crypto markets either the long side short, with without leverage. all this will accessible your fingertips, one platform, where the volatility and inefficiency the crypto markets can managed. index rule book the rulebook official document where methodology and other important information about the index are written. these include index name and description, index type and its governance, who determines the assets included and who calculates it, what assets are included and most importantly how exactly calculated. our indices will all have official rule books which will make them interesting not only transparent way invest (via crypto traded indices) but also for financial data providers who are used rigorous and transparent index calculations. crypto indices have developed comprehensive index suite, with detailed rulebook, set rebalancing process and wider institutional applicability. first indices have already been launched and next couple months additional will follow. our goal serve primer tracking tool for market developments the crypto world. s&p the world's most popular index, serves benchmark for almost usd trillion monetary instruments. our index suite well positioned for similar use the crypto space. why are hedge indices better than other indices? indexing involves the creation professional rules-based approach order achieve the index objective. this enforces not only transparency the construction the index, the weightings, capping methodology, index mathematics, time periods and the sectors but also familiarises investors with benchmark they can relate and trust reliable barometer for crypto market performance and benchmark compare other alternative and traditional 'equity' financial investments to. indices that have rules-based approach run the risk mismanagement, inefficient allocation funds and erratic portfolio constructions. investors want know from the start, what they are buying into. investors also have investment strategy that they use indices and exchange traded funds for, i.e., creating and managing, long and short exposures the crypto market. the index does not follow objective, unbiased approach, the fluctuation the index will have dire consequences for the risk management the investors speculator expects from real-time, financial instrument. short, investors expect unbiased, consistent, rules bound index which they know reliable, complete and accurate. any non-rules bound index has value risk mitigation and market exposure. bitcoin price index btccx bitcoin being traded various exchanges, and the price can differ significantly. bitcoin price index will the first commercial implementation single reference price several bitcoin exchanges. launched within next weeks, bitcoin price index measures the movement bitcoin prices. with transparent rulebook, our objective that the index will become the main reference point for traders, institutions and the wider public. methodology volume-weighted price bitcoin five most liquid exchanges. calculation frequency minute calculation currency usd launch date mid-september tickers btccx cryptocurrency top index ccx cryptocurrency top index follows the developments the wider crypto market, tracking the prices largest cryptocurrencies market capitalization. represents total market capitalization (aug since very few cryptocurrencies are available single exchange and have single reference price, have designed the ccx secondary index, composed primary single-currency indices constructed analogously bitcoin price index. methodology constituents market capitalization-weighted original price indices largest cryptocurrencies market capitalization, capped calculation frequency minute calculation currency usd launch date mid-september tickers ccx next crypto indices development crypto asset index launch date: index following crypto assets with real-world utility other than solely being currency. recent icos various tokens with non-monetary purpose represent opportunity track the venture developments the rapid growth blockchain technology. similar cryptocurrencies top index, for assets that trade several exchanges, primary reference index (analogous bitcoin price index constructed), which then enters the crypto asset index calculation. this index will the first the world measure the performance utility tokens crypto markets. crypto income index launch date: some cryptocurrencies, coins, and tokens offer their holders some profit sharing. this index will track the performance currencies/coins/tokens that have the highest income compared its value. you can imagine these high dividend paying stocks the "mainstream" financial markets. crypto (specific sector) indices launch date: q-q blockchain technology has enabled rapid development different projects and blockchain applications that can put into several sectors. are building sector-specific indices that will track the performance many tokens from the same sector. some the indices that are developing: crypto financial index crypto iot index (internet-of-things) crypto media social index crypto cloud index crypto gaming gambling index crypto core tech index crypto (specific country) indices launch date: q-q will measure the performance crypto assets and currencies specific countries that have become the called "silicon valley" for blockchain technology. with this index, will offer relevant comparison global crypto markets. cti crypto traded index cti (crypto traded indices(tm)) are comprised various combinations digital assets. cti diversified collection cryptocurrencies and cryptoassets that trades exchange. each cti includes different assortment specific digital assets and offer them the community supporters. ctis are easy-to-use, low cost, and efficient way acquire cryptocurrencies the desired assortment underlying assets. increasing the number individual cryptocurrencies and assets increases costs diversification. the past years minimizing costs diversification the "traditional" asset classes have been made possible through the use exchange traded funds (etfs). plan change the cryptocurrency industry landscape introducing ctis. how the etfs changed the asset management industry with the first etf created only and nowadays total assets managed etfs reaching usd trillion april can conclude the industry has successfully addressed challenges investors were facing constructing diversified portfolios. with the industry still growing annually, there are expectations the market double etfs were primarily focused equities, and these still represent roughly all us-listed etfs, but one can find etfs focused fixed income, alternative investments, commodities, and currencies. why purchasing ctis better than individual asset picking? key advantages and risks mitigated with ctis: market exposure and diversification; ctis allow quickly gaining diversified portfolio exposure. this key importance the case cryptocurrencies where even the top cryptocurrencies market capitalization there are currencies with low liquidity leading high transaction costs. trading flexibility; ctis can bought sold anytime, they are being priced continuously, and investors can easily invest divest selected asset class within seconds. low costs; trade will enabled with low management fee, with investing ctis instead many different securities individually, costs will much lower large diversification benefits with low management fees. single access point; cryptocurrencies are being traded numerous exchanges obtaining exposure larger number cryptocurrencies can imply opening accounts various exchanges thus leading even higher diversification costs (similar building diversified international portfolio individual equities). ctis available through hedge platform imply lower costs and opening one account only. operation transparency; ctis will managed line with predetermined rules even replicating the chosen index. hence, investors know what assets the ctis includes. security; gaining exposure diversified cryptocurrency portfolio might require opening trading account with various exchanges which cryptocurrencies are being listed. since this market still highly unregulated, there are still some exchanges that can considered less trustworthy and some form due diligence expected from prudent investor. with ctis being traded the regulated platform this longer necessary. instruments; ctis will offer options and future contracts listed which allow the investor hedge their exposure and efficiently manage risks. different derivatives will used based our ctis directly our hedge platform and maybe even other "old financial world" exchanges. for all the factors listed above, can expect the ctis become important player also the cryptocurrencies market. currently, etf market holds approximately equities and using this benchmark can approximate the cti market cryptocurrencies around usd bn. adding aforementioned specific risks and also increased the popularity etfs, general, this estimate probably the conservative side. given the trends and popularity both, cryptocurrencies and etfs, can expect the introduction ctis will keenly welcomed investors, and most likely the first ctis will the ones achieving the largest market shares. global equity market usd global etf assets usd tn. crypto market usd market potential for passive investment vehicles usd bn. global equity market crypto market global etf assets ctis potential hedge project index instruments the total market capitalization cryptocurrencies quickly approaching usd bn, consider the market large and mature enough offer various index-based instruments. crypto indices that have already launched and other that are still being developed will serve base for the introduction ctis and the future also derivative instruments subject market conditions and regulative environment. ctis based crypto indices developed hedge project based the indices developed will introduce index-tracking ctis. these ctis will allow investors gain diversified exposure either wider cryptocurrencies market (cti ccx index) just one segment the market (such cti crypto asset index). mentioned beforehand, believe that market for crypto traded indices cryptocurrencies has enormous potential and the management fees issued ctis should one the key revenues for hedge project. for the most liquid ctis, will also plan for introducing the possibility for investors take short position using margin account. instruments based crypto indices developed hedge project following the introduction ctis, plan introduce instruments most widely accepted indices. aim launch the futures contracts trading followed the introduction options market selected, most popular ctis. with the introduction instruments cryptocurrencies market, would finally allow investors construct and/or hedge their cryptocurrencies portfolios any way desired, before introducing any instruments will assure full compliance with the required regulative. hedge project platform hedge project focused introducing platform that will the "go-to" market place for investors interested crypto markets. platform will offer access professionally designed indices crypto assets and currencies, traded baskets cryptocurrencies and other relevant crypto market information, such market research, valuation reports, etc. hedge project will also act settlement agent should one the counterparties default (an assurance the investors). instruments will marked-to-market, with automatic margin calls and liquidation. rigorous risk management and kyc procedures will further minimize the counterparty risk. access our platform, you will need hedge token (hdg) pay the platform and transaction fees and management fees case ctis. hedge platform will periodically lock part the hedge tokens received via fees, manage the supply the tokens the market. locked tokens are allowed burned semi-annually basis. aim burn hdg recived net fees. our ultimate goal for mass adoption secure platform, allowing investors diversify and hedge their portfolio cryptocurrencies. hedge project revenue streams hdg will serve utility token for transactions the platform. use listing instruments will conditioned the purchase tokens. hedge project will with our diverse product portfolio, collect revenue from multiple streams. these include, but are not limited (subject change): licensing the index suite financial information providers cti fees instruments platform trading fees index licensing fees subject agreements make with financial information providers and are negotiated individual basis. cti fees management fee: assets under management, percentage rate determined, will determined based the complexity cti. other fees (trading and other direct fees etc.): actual cost charged. total expense ratio: assets under management will calculated based all the fees that platform user pays annual basis. platform trading fees trading fees: per trade, with minimum and maximum cap and direct costs borne platform users. why support hedge project crypto world has experienced significant growth the last few years and starting considered serious contender traditional asset classes. believe the market large and mature enough for introduction indexed and derivative instruments. these will enable market participants gain long exposure the broader market for better price and hedge their long portfolios efficiently and effectively with derivatives. being one the first recognize the need and the market interest, have doubt can channel significant liquidity through our platform and contribute the overall efficiency the crypto markets. introducing first ctis and creating single access point diversified portfolio cryptocurrencies; aim replicate success etfs had other asset classes. help achieve this goal, and will help you secure your long-term financial success the market. how participate? token sale september cet) october cet) until the maximum cap reached. accepted cryptocurrencies eth transaction cryptocurrencies eth can sent the address that will published the hedge project website (www.hedge-crypto.com) before the start the token-sale. bonus schedule the bonus will allocated the form additional tokens. day day day day day day day day day day token distribution token sale lockup the team share tokens belonging the team (%) will locked for six months. token name: hdg what does represent for supporter? hdg token grants you access and payment transaction fees our platform. however, hdg token does not give supporter any share equity any hedge project legal entities. total supply: additional hedge project tokens (hdg) will ever created. distribution the token sale: hard cap for optimal performance and maximization fund's returns for all supporters, crowdsale capped and available limited number participants first come first serve basis. token sale will finish october the point where the total raised amount will reach the nominal value usd million. after reaching hard cap, further funds will accepted. sale minimum sale minimum set the nominal value usd million. floor will not reached, the funds full amount and the same currency will returned the supporters after the end the crowdsale. allocation the funds general administrative tech development product management user interface platform marketing legal licensing cti operations research development data vendor partnerships july market database establishment optimal indices research roadmap august open invitation for community members crowdsale registration option september token sale start first crypto index rule book crypto indices launch october hedge token distribution incorporation business structure november closed beta testing the platform data feed financial data providers january all our activities will subject regular audit from one the big four audit companies february development crypto traded indices (ctis) demo testing trading with ctis april open beta testing hedge platform june live trading with ctis development derivative instruments hedge project funding milestones usd million hedge platform will developed and full suite indices will constructed and published. cti ccx will launched, launch ctis other indices will probably delayed. launch other index instruments will uncertain. usd million addition products developed under reaching usd million threshold, would launching full set ctis crypto indices constructed. cti ccx would still launched first test the market. ability take short positions certain ctis would added. usd million addition products developed under reaching usd million threshold, after launching ctis, will launching futures major (most widely used) indices. usd million addition products developed under reaching usd million threshold, will adding option trading hedge platform. usd million addition products developed under reaching usd million threshold, will invest into establishing the first crypto etf based our index. investors from the "old financial world" would able invest directly crypto markets from their existing brokerage account via the crypto etf. please note, the product development subject market and regulatory conditions. long term outlook cryptocurrency markets become more efficient, developed and larger both size and volume, there will more interest from institutional investors invest into crypto markets. due regulatory constraints, they are prohibited from investing directly cryptocurrencies. since there are clearing houses crypto markets (blockchain takes care clearing and settlement, and does way faster than any clearing house investment bank) and non-existent regulation, institutional investors are not allowed invest directly the crypto market. what they can invest into are etfs that trade "old financial world" exchanges. see huge opportunity creating the first fully regulated crypto etf that will traded one the major stock exchanges. this will enable millions investors who currently invest only stocks, bonds, and traditional etfs invest crypto markets with our crypto etf. legal disclaimer this document merely presentation our project and not legally binding any way form. this document does not constitute any legal relationship with any user supporter hedge project, regardless user registration hedge-crypto website (www.hedge-crypto.com). detailed terms for participation users hedge project project are determined separate document "terms conditions hedge project." the content and images this paper protected copyright. any unauthorised use, public distribution, reproduction, alteration and/or transmission any form any means, without the prior written permission the hedge project, except the case brief quotations embodied critical reviews and certain other non-commercial uses permitted copyright law. research findings and developed economic projections this paper are result comprehensive and in-depth analysis relevant economic factors the hedge project team. notwithstanding the stated, the hedge project not liable for any possible deviations from developed projections this paper crypto currency markets. hedge project not responsible for any possible damages, arising from misinterpretation poor interpretation this paper. the main goal hedge project develop digital technology allow users comprehend and overcome inefficiencies crypto currency markets. products developed hedge project and are presented this paper are still subject regulatory approvals. hedge project team cannot guarantee that these approvals will obtained. this paper does not any way form represent investment consulting.