hellenic node (hn) first reward distribution model ico turtle network revenue model based placements and content sharing which possible utilizing google adsense well facebook's audience network. prepared by: vasileiadis odysseas kontadriopoulou maria vasileiadis mixahl hellenic node whitepaper thursday, july what hellenic node? name odysseas vasileiadis (odma social media channels). since have successfully operated own revenue model which will now share with the community via our hellenic node project turtle network. hellenic node also, the name implies, node operate and maintain order support turtle network. short, revenue model based placements and content sharing which possible utilizing google adsense well facebook's audience network. short operate the moment around facebook pages (almost million unique likes) and lead all this people our media websites greece. this model has been proven work and for this reason would like take mainstream and share with our hellenic node and turtle network community. our target offer this model each member can expect complete return investment within months less. more details about the model's structure will mentioned shortly. have been running this business model from with outstanding profit think its about time take the next level within "cryptocurency world" and with hellenic node (hn) hellenic node will run real business model with the target get our investment back months and from that time will win win situation over the months and for ever. the only way our model fatal risk facebook itself shut down. revenue model placements content sharing utilizing google adsense facebook's audience network mainstream with and tnetwork community hellenic node whitepaper thursday, july how work? allow describe the process how this project able succeed. total staff members are needed, three people will upload content, another person will translate accordingly and the fifth person will fill where most needed any given time, posting content translating. from our staff members, the content uploaders will work hours each per day. their main duty upload content daily basis. the content varies sometimes original and other times references other authors. all the articles will also published our facebook pages. the process very simple: create content the form articles these are published our facebook pages people click read them traffic directed our website(s) revenue generated. with the revenue generated each month will purchase $tn, $wgr and $waves from the open market and distribute proportionally qualified $hn supporters. the minimum requirement qualify holding $hn your turtlenetwork wallet. our targets? create the first line our facebook pages. days are necessary complete our first facebook lineup. with few pages our model begins generate revenue. one our main goals garner "likes" under our model. expect roi target months less our work begins soon the soft cap fulfilled and allocated funds for tier released. soon thereafter.... hellenic node whitepaper thursday, july distrubuted rewards holders? every month hellenic node will distribute $tn $wgr and $waves all wallets with balance $hn more. the distribution rewards will proportional the total amount $hn held the wallet during the previous month (random snapshots will taken during month prior distribution). the distribution will take place days after successfully completing our ico, thereafter every distribution will monthly basis. once ico ends and soft cap reached, remaining tokens will airdropped supporters while the remaining will airdropped specified schedule (to determined after tokens are airdropped). the event that soft cap (usd $,) not reached the end date, all ico supporters will refunded within working days hellenic node whitepaper thursday, july hellenic node roadmap hellenic node whitepaper thursday, july hellenic node team google analytics data, google adsense facebook invoices understand how important provide data order back our claims and show you that our proposal not only serious and promising, but more importantly, proven model. order prove you that this model sucessful have prepared package which contains alexa ranking previous work greece, invoices from google adsense well facebook which show actual revenue earned. long reach our soft cap can guarantee that our business model will launch and that our investors will rewarded accordingly within the timeline projected fulfill roi. below you can see some screenshots current working model which generates respective returns shown the invoices. this project not shot the dark based hopeful analysis statistics. mentioned before, this working model which has been proven successful over the past years. not new concept idea waiting tested with all the risk resting investors' shoulders. hellenic node whitepaper thursday, july how buy hellenic node (hn) tokens? hellenic node whitepaper thursday, july crowdsale targets and token distribution need sell tokens the price usd minimum run the project. don't hit the soft cap all the funds will refunded immediately. soft cap: usd hard cap: usd the hard cap reached, will able create facebook pages which turn can garner around million "likes" total. each page will able amass around "likes" under proven and currently working model. our main priority transparent every turn the process. each page will cost between usd usd $,. all respective records for expenses involved creating each page will provided our community. allocated for ico tnetwork community airdrop growth hacking current $hn circulation amounts ,,. only wallets hold more than $hn hellenic node whitepaper thursday, july since total supply $hn and considering the allocated amount for ico that means total $hn will burnt immediately after ico tokens are sold the crowdsale comes end and soft cap met. nonetheless, should the hard cap not attained, will able proceed with set number pages according the amount collected the end the crowdsale. our project will launched turtlenetwork and $hn tokens will distributed within days after ico ends. *the ,,. are circulating already that's why they are missing from the graph* contact hellenic node info@hellenicnode.eu othonos amalias patra greece hellenic node whitepaper thursday, july