hellogold foundation limited summary whitepaper aug hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. table contents important notice ........................................................................................................................................ why hellogold ............................................................................................................................................. executive summary ..................................................................................................................................... hellogold ..................................................................................................................................................... company profile .................................................................................................................................................. business model.................................................................................................................................................. team.................................................................................................................................................................. market .............................................................................................................................................................. marketing plan ................................................................................................................................................. competition....................................................................................................................................................... financial projections......................................................................................................................................... technology................................................................................................................................................. product overview.............................................................................................................................................. core system ....................................................................................................................................................... product blockchain .......................................................................................................................................... gold backed tokens........................................................................................................................................... development plan .............................................................................................................................................. token sale ................................................................................................................................................... why token sale .............................................................................................................................................. hellogold foundation (hgf) ............................................................................................................................ hellogold tokens (hgt) ................................................................................................................................... "reward" gold backed tokens (gbt) ................................................................................................................. sale process ...................................................................................................................................................... use proceeds ................................................................................................................................................. further information ......................................................................................................................................... risks and legal info............................................................................................................................................ hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. important notice the hellogold technical whitepaper dated august the hellogold summary whitepaper dated august the hellogold business plan dated august and the token sale information sheet dated august (collectively the "token sale documents") which are made available the public, form part and are integral the token sale summary whitepaper. the token sale documents should read conjunction with one another. notwithstanding the foregoing, the event any inconsistency between the token sale documents, the token sale information sheet shall prevail. this token sale the round hellogold tokens (hgt) subject the terms and conditions including but not limited the disclaimers made and the risks disclosed the token sale documents. supporter this token sale purchaser any hgt pursuant this token sale shall deemed have agreed and accepted all the terms and conditions this token sale set out the token sale documents. you have any question doubt anything contained unaddressed the token sale documents, please communicate with hellogold foundation limited (hgf) your convenience. you shall refrain from supporting this token sale purchasing any hgt until you are satisfied with the answers provided. please visit www.hellogold.org (the "website") for the token sale documents. hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. important update august public sale hgt allocations hgf announced some changes the hgf token sale structure following advice from our advisors and feedback from the community. with the pre-sale now closed, the public sales numbers have been confirmed. hgt (m) public sale round round round total tranche tranche tranche tranche tranche pre-sale icoage pre-sale strategic investors reserved (staff) supplier sold icoage supplier sale total notes: result the exceptionally high demand and the capped nature the round token sale, the allocation for the public sale has been reduced total hgt (from previously published m). the public sale will continue sold tranches with reducing bonus amounts each tranche. hgf remains committed capped round public sale and round structure (over multiple years). key market for the hellogold application, important hellogold that there strong base support china. consequently, hgf have worked with icoage sell allocation the pre-sale the chinese market. this means that now have broad base support vested the success that critical market. this pre-sale was also capped, ensure that was purchased large number people rather than few "whales". outlined the token sale information sheet, supplier tokens will used hgf defray costs and expenses arising out connection with the token sale. hgf need pay suppliers combination hgt, eth and fiat, hgf are selling some the supplier tokens via icoage cover these costs and broaden further the base support the chinese market. hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. why hellogold the amount money person's wallet should not barrier his ability access financial products that the rich enjoy. hellogold wants remove affordability and accessibility from the equation through the democratisation and digitisation gold-based savings and financing. worked asia during the asian financial crisis and saw first-hand how "bad things can happen good people" fault their own. result the crisis, the man the street saw their domestic currencies hit extreme devaluation the case both the thai baht and the malaysian ringgit, this was excess indonesia, the rupiah went from the dollar over the dollar. for someone who was earning the equivalent us$, month, woke one morning earning the equivalent month with devastating effect how could provide for his family. the inequitable impact these events the people who were least able fend themselves and their families left lasting impression mind. they suffered disproportionately through fault their own, other than the simple, unavoidable fact that they were financially excluded from the products that were available protect the more affluent. fast forwarding and was the chief financial officer the world gold council where was also the principal accounting officer for the world's largest private gold fund with us$b assets under management. saw how high net worth investors and funds alike had the ability use gold both protect their wealth and form collateral get better financing deals. with the help technology, the digitisation gold will enable everyone, everywhere enjoy these same features that gold offers the wealthy. with hgf's gold-backed token everyone will only need the equivalent fraction dollar save through gold (erc tokens work dp). and once they save enough gold, they will able pledge collateral borrow lower interest rates and without the need for credit history. short, everyone can save, and everyone can have access affordable financing. democratisation through digitisation. hellogold have started this journey. our app already enables ordinary malaysians buy physical investment-grade gold starting with little rm. and have partnered with aeon credit develop the gold-backed lending proposition. moving forward, the launch hgf's digital gold-backed token (gbt) will enable take our offer another level. will allow accelerate financial inclusion across the world. hgf wants technology truly democratise gold empower every man, woman and child with financial products overcome the fundamental financial challenges that remain prevalent many emerging markets, both asia and elsewhere. hgf launching the token sale hellogold tokens (hgt) support the accelerated development and the marketing our financial inclusion agenda. hope that you will find this project worthy your support. robin lee ceo hellogold hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. executive summary hellogold financial inclusion platform that digitizes and democratizes gold fractional ownership, enabling mass market consumers access micro savings investment grade gold through mobile app (both android and ios). the mobile apps allow users save, borrow and send gold minimum transaction threshold ~usd. and international spot prices. customers have direct ownership the gold they buy. the gold bullion stored vault singapore, fully insured against physical loss, and fully redeemable physical bars and coins cash. hellogold users have the opportunity better preserve and diversify their wealth, well the ability access short term financing collateralizing their gold. hellogold targets two key market segments: the consuming middle class and the emerging middle class. asean and china alone, these two groups comprise the total labour force people. they saved approx. which estimate that was cash deposits. hellogold collaborates with channel partners such financial institutions, mobile network carriers and other businesses who share our target customer profiles for customer acquisition. hellogold working with gold provider that assists the procurement, sale, storage, and insurance gold. the system has customer mobile applications (native android and ios) communicating with backend built with parts, core central web service (ruby) and agent (go). the current database uses postgres technology. relevant parts the backend will migrated ethereum smart contracts improve transparency and security for the customer gold transactions. the smart contracts are being prototyped and the test infrastructure place. next comes the integration with the current system which will balanced between immediate needs the business and getting the blockchain the market timely manner. top the core business goals, hellogold aims advance the blockchain industry. hellogold developing application using blockchain for the mass market, where end users benefit from the application the technology without needing in-depth knowledge the underlying technology. additionally, for decentralization and disintermediation, hellogold will expand the blockchain elements the core product create gold backed cryptocurrency, using smart contracts digitize gold and make exchangeable with other crypto and fiat currencies; thereby expanding the use blockchain, cryptocurrency and moving the vaulted gold from being only within the hellogold system more widely accessible store value. once the digital gold tokens (gbt) are successfully traded exchanges, the tokens will directly available for purchase. this will create stable cryptocurrency fully backed physical investment grade gold. hellogold has done initial launch malaysia due its high smartphone penetration and sizeable target segment. perhaps, more importantly, given that hellogold the first shariah certified digital gold scheme the world that fully compliant with the new aaoifi standard gold for saving and for lending, believe strategically sound initially offer hellogold one the most advanced islamic finance markets the world. hellogold progresses, the team expects expand not only the accessibility hellogold into the rest asia and into other continents but also its product portfolio provide access for the bottomof-the-pyramid with more products tailored address the saving and borrowing needs these consumers. this will address real need emerging economies across asia and beyond. hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. the team consists ex-regulators, business experts, and technologists who have direct experience general management, financial management, payments and settlement systems, business development, programming, blockchain technology, financial messaging standards, operations management, financial inclusion, micro-credit, compliance, risk, and audit. the business has been developed based organic growth plan increase aum (assets under management). now, hellogold has been privately funded friends, family, hnwi and via participation singapore's the finlab accelerator programme. having now delivered proof concept version and delivered launch malaysia, hellogold wants accelerate its expansion that the underserved and unbanked emerging markets can have better, more affordable access simple financial products beyond cash. this end, hellogold foundation limited (hgf), singapore-incorporated public company limited guarantee, will raise funds via token sale. subject successful token sale, envisaged that hgf will give hellogold funds way grant(s) for hellogold direct towards the objectives outlined above. hellogold has strong strategy and business model, developed competent team, with clear expansion plan. existing product (android/ios) has been launched. marketing partner place provide access c.m customers asia across countries and discussions are underway with another marketing partner with c.m customers. the team has been carefully put together and have the capability and experience execute the plan, including technology, marketing, operational, startup and general business experience joint venture between sginnovate and united overseas bank hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. hellogold company profile hellogold financial inclusion platform that digitizes and democratizes gold fractional ownership, enabling mass market consumers access micro savings investment grade gold through mobile app (both android and ios). the mobile apps currently allow users save, borrow and send gold minimum transaction threshold ~usd.. hellogold users have the opportunity better preserve and diversify their wealth, well the ability access short term financing collateralizing their gold. the three overarching problems hellogold solves are that: there over-reliance cash for savings credit facilities are not available the mass market affordable pricing, and remitting money both time consuming and/or expensive hellogold makes gold affordable allowing its users buy very small weightage per purchase international spot prices. customers have direct ownership the gold they buy. the gold bullion stored vault singapore, fully insured against physical loss, and fully redeemable physical bars and coins, cash, jewellery. hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. hellogold aims become the leading gold-based financial services platform, focused mass market consumers emerging markets. will design reliable and innovative solutions meet the most significant financial challenges faced emerging market customers. seeks complement the products and services offered traditional financial service providers. hellogold launched its gold-based savings product malaysia april and scaling distribution through the distribution capabilities its first launch partner. the introduction gbt will immediately enable everyone everywhere the world the ability access hellogold's gold savings platform. the only requirement will have access exchange from which purchase the gold backed tokens. erc tokens can split dp, gold (~$/g) can now sold minute fractions and used anyone way store value, people have done for centuries. the gold will securely vaulted singapore and the individual will able convert that gold physical required (subject kyc/aml and minimum whole grams). hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. business model the hellogold platform seamlessly connects consumers and channel partners' customers gold provider through mobile application. the transactions effected the consumer will nearly instant the consumer transacts with the hellogold platform. there are three sources revenue: for buying selling gold; annualized management fee for vaulting, security and insurance the gold; and activity-based administrative fees plus adjustment for inflation from facilitating loans estimated payable the loan provider and not the customer. customer takes out hellogold loan, the annual management fee waived. the cost-basis for these are that for: buying and selling gold hellogold will pay and the value the transaction respectively; vaulting, insurance and security, hellogold will pay the value the gold the vault annualized basis; and for the provision credit facility, there will activity-based administrative fees determined hellogold scales and secures better fees from both bullion and custodial providers, intends pass these savings onto its customers way reduced fees. hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. team the team consists ex-regulators, business experts, and technologists who have direct experience general management, financial management, payments and settlement systems, business development, programming, blockchain technology, financial messaging standards, operations management, financial inclusion, micro-credit, compliance, risk, and audit. the business team robin lee ridwan abdullah manuel joshua ambrose ceo business development marketing operations roger ward ita jalaluddin isabel taye asha jacobs corporate development marketing marketing marketing harith kamarul kai lin lai sooria kumar evelyn chew strategy business strategy business operations finance hachem mohanna international expansion hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. the tech team wykeen seet dave appleton zulhilmi zainudin technology technology technology technology david lee herbert chain dan boey zaim ramlan technology technology the advisory team andras kristof shen technical advisor advisor, angel investor advisor, angel investor advisor previous experience the team includes hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. market gold the appetite for gold remains strong with us$b bought from the man the street the investment professional the sovereign nation. us$b gold was bought the form bars and coins; further us$b the form jewellery; and, last but not least, central banks bought gold. the allure gold particularly strong asia, which made the gold market asians bought more than us$b. asean consumers bought more than gold since september gold's performance dollar terms has been unequivocally poor. however, important driver the dollar might for gold, not the most relevant metric for the majority asians. for example, gold has generated annualized return over the last five years against the interest less than typically offered most bank savings accounts malaysia. even more compelling the long run average annualized return for gold malaysian ringgit, thai baht, indonesian rupiah). savings gold would have yielded more than against savings return malaysia. given gold's traditional role means preserve purchasing power, very relevant part protect asian savers from currency depreciation home abroad. the growth potential for gold-based savings due these and other factors remains high, evident from the continued growth gold purchases asia spite the absence affordable, easily accessible means for the mass market buy gold bullion. with the type innovation that hellogold has introduced the market, the founders expect see significant growth the customer base. asia, there are number gold schemes offered banks. the schemes are expensive for the common man due the spreads they charge. schemes which the spreads are low, the minimum purchases are too high for someone who wishes save less than per month. shariah compliance asia home vast majority the billion muslim population worldwide. the largest muslim populations include the middle east million), indonesia million), and china million) these markets are sensitive shariah compliant banking, capital markets and insurance products that conform the strictures muslim laws transacting. new, global standard for shariah compliance around the usage gold finance was launched bahrain aaoifi december serve these markets. one the leading scholars islamic finance worked with hellogold develop the product manner that complies with the strictures set forth muslim law for transacting. geographic markets having launched malaysia, hellogold will targeting launches the localised mobile app thailand, china, philippines and indonesia based market opportunity and accessibility over the next three years. only these countries are included financial projections based organic growth model (see financial projections below). expansion beyond these initial countries through localisation the hellogold platform anticipated, including india, middle east and africa and beyond. with the funds from successful token sale and the creation gbt, hellogold intends develop features its applications that anyone anywhere the world can use hellogold's products and services through its mobile apps. these are not included the financial projections. gold demand trends www.gold.org cimb savings .%, maybank kawanku oanda.com hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. crypto market whilst developing the token sale, hellogold have identified need for stable coin the crypto market. when combined with hellogold's core gold operations and experience ("traditional world") the potential utilise gold backed tokens (gbt) digital version gold backed etfs instantly expands the opportunity around the world. this will enable crypto users "cash out" into gold, currency which tracks traditional world drivers, without exiting the crypto market. assets under management relating gbt have not been included the financial model. marketing plan end consumer profiles the ultimate customers hellogold's platform, and those other digital gold providers are those who not have easy and affordable access bullion. financial institutions already provide variety easy ways for the high net worth and mass affluent market segments invest gold that they can diversify risks the portfolio level. hellogold targets two key market segments: the consuming middle class and the emerging middle class. asean and china alone, these two groups comprise the total labour force people. they saved approx. which estimate that was cash deposits. hellogold's financial model only takes into account the consuming middle and emerging middle markets with median annual income us$, us$, and will plan set aside this income into cash-based savings for whom financial institutions have not typically provided easy and affordable access bullion. the consuming and emerging middle classes not buy sufficient amounts gold per transaction (e.g. excess us$,) able enjoy spot prices. they, therefore, typically resort buying either gold coins excessive premiums, along with the attendant illiquidity such investments resulting potential loss value for their hard-earned savings, they buy jewellery which highly illiquid and can questionable caratage purity. for this segment the market, gold prices are disadvantageous and there general lack standards the gold that offered. bullion very distant product what they may able normally afford. for the two billion around the world who make the unbanked the bottom the pyramid, hellogold's minimum transaction size which currently unit local currency will lowered further with gbt. hellogold also wants establish peer-to-peer network enabling each customer become potential distribution point receive give out cash exchange for gold, thereby providing financial products the underserved market, particular for the stateless refugee sector. this serves complement existing services for the unbanked which focuses cashbased savings. also hopes develop peer-to-peer network enable micro-loans that are backed gbts. bbc corporate partners hellogold collaborates with channel partners such financial institutions, mobile network carriers and other businesses who share our target customer profiles for customer acquisition. hellogold working with gold provider that assists the procurement, sale, storage, and insurance gold. the impact the unbanked market hellogold's revenue model has not been modelled. hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. hellogold's first launch partner aeon who not only provides access million customers malaysia and potentially million across asia, but also provides the financing for the loan product using gold collateral via the aeon credit services business. hellogold now discussions with number companies with mass market products and services thailand, indonesia and the philippines. additionally, hellogold participated the finlab's accelerator programme, joint venture between united overseas bank and sginnovate. hellogold expects work with other blockchain companies that can help solve the last-mile challenge develop connectivity that truly useable for the common man particularly the area identification, payments, micro-loans and cash top up. competition like their counterparts the west, asian consumers have limited and inefficient choices available them when comes gold savings with options often being difficult and expensive. the buyer traditional forms gold typically pays too much for gold compared wholesale spot rates, especially very small transaction sizes e.g. purchase only usd, results buying gold that actually only worth about usd. result, oftentimes the consumer decides not invest leaving significant latent demand untapped. the consumer currently has two main options purchase gold products the market. each these options poses problems for our target market. physical gold excessive high price premium, illiquid, storage difficult and the market relatively unregulated gold-based financial products high entry ticket and not accessible the emerging market consumer, suitability geared more toward the accredited sophisticated investor other gold crypto currencies hellogold would like expand the options available creating gold backed crypto currency (gbt) that can accessed easily and cost efficiently anybody. while other crypto gold tokens exist, these not typically target the mass market the hellogold product does. hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. financial projections the financial projections below are based entering initial markets malaysia, thailand, china, indonesia and philippines. entering other emerging markets (inc. india, mena/africa and other asean countries) and use gold backed tokens the crypto markets will provide incremental opportunity for hellogold. the impact these expansion plans are not included the financial projections. usd$ no. savers gold under management $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, sales $,, cogs gross profit $,, operating expenditure operating profit ($,) overhead and net profit ($,) ($,) ($) hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. technology product overview hellogold currently using proven technology deliver the core product buying and selling gold. the system has mobile applications (native android and ios) communicating with backend built with parts, core central web service (ruby) and agent (go). the current database uses postgres technology. hellogold intend migrate parts the backend ethereum smart contracts improve transparency and security. the near future, this will provide the basis for gold backed cryptocurrency. core product core system mobile applications two native mobile applications have been built for android and ios respectively. native has been used for speed, responsiveness, customer familiarity and some extent better security due compiled binaries. backend central web service built ruby-on-rails (ror), cws provides the core interface for hellogold's mobile applications. for resilience purposes, cws functions merely app server which does not interface directly with any external parties but merely responds requests via the apis that connects and delegating the integration external parties via agent. agent built go, agent provides the core functions integrating with external third party service apis such payment gateway, currency exchange rates and gold bullion agent. using purely micro-services architecture that promotes agile development, the agent can upgraded bringing additional services required hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. database the current implementation uses the postgres database, traditional relational database management system (rdbms) for storing confidential client related data. the traditional database model has been developed prior the implementation the blockchain test the feasibility our approach and ensure that the system could responsive changes. the major business and technical principles are now clearer, the relevant parts the system can migrated onto the blockchain whilst maintaining some flexibility deal with future product changes. product blockchain hellogold are adding ethereum smart contracts the core system provide two benefits: security. due the nature the decentralized digital ledger (blocks), the worst case that hellogold was hacked (despite stringent security procedures and auditing), customer assets would securely recorded multiple locations and therefore protected transparency. publishing the smart contracts will enable independent verification the anonymized customer balances and therefore the gold held custody. this can matched against vaulting provider published data confirm the existence the gold ethereum hellogold using ethereum currently the most widely accepted platform that offers all the benefits blockchain (full traceability, non-repudiability etc.) and multiple source language implementations that encourage integration. ethereum will handle only the parts needing consensus, transparency and accountability. other services will continue provided using existing technology. hellogold needs transactional blockchain with powerful system smart contracts which have the ability ensure that transaction can combine with the results previous transactions provide audible consistent results. date, ethereum the only stable system that has achieved widespread adoption. the decades experience our senior development team tell avoid anything experimental run live system. the ethereum blockchain will run private network avoid paying infrastructure fees per transaction, reduce transaction latency and avoid the risk independent developers adding their own contracts onto the hellogold blockchain. this means that hellogold and the other nodes will control the block times, ensuring customer gold transactions are completed efficiently. (currently the kovan test-net seals blocks every four seconds) ether and gas will continue used the private net. gas essential concept ensure that faulty code does not hang throttle the throughput the nodes. "private net ether" will either mined the nodes that require it, distributed needed. critically, the blockchain elements the system will provide liquidity via smart contracts, forming the basis convert value between fiat, gold and cryptocurrency, enabling gold form value exchange. hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. hellogold system incorporating blockchain tech design philosophy hellogold using blockchain technology with number reconfigurable contracts that can combined perform the necessary functions such way allow new capabilities added while retaining the integrity the entire system. attain this, the principle objects (the user and company accounts) are designed survive intact even when details the business operations may change, hence they were isolated into general purpose contracts. other contracts such gifts, loans and the fee engine are designed able plugged and changed/updated required. the network designed should able scale quite reasonable size because not high speed trading application and therefore not transaction heavy. one account holder expected transacting several times per month rather than hourly/daily. the time find that there congestion issue, the warning signs will have been there for some time and will have had time address them. any system development, need pull together number technologies appropriate. our firm belief that utxo (value transaction) blockchain has value tool the appropriate system. utxo system not appropriate for the hellogold system need smart contracts which can manage transaction calculations.. things which can validly done off chain should done off chain. where consensus required for auditability, should done on-chain proofs stored chain. have consensus system competing interests even our systems design. hellogold now developing the blockchain elements, opposed leading with the smart contracts, the requirements and areas that need maintain flexibility are clearer having iterated the contract agent (using go). while the system that have designed still the early stages, are testing for efficiency and auditability. are doing with input from experienced staff each area who has convince the others that his way the correct way doing something. hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. smart contracts smart contract gateway the smart contract gateway manages the relationship between contracts and acts gateway the other contracts the system. the main hellogold contract has functions broker for some and index where find the contracts for other transactions (e.g. where find bank contract for new currency). additionally, the gateway contract maintains the hellogold gold balance. this excludes client gold, but includes fees that have been charged gold. this contract has been designed upgradeable without impacting the client account contracts (transactions). this minimise the need migrate the client accounts future. bank contracts bank contracts are series smart contracts, with one per country which hellogold operates, plus functions allow who can access and update that list. initially this malaysia only, but will include other countries hellogold expands. the contract maintains transactions relating hellogold's cash operations that country, including the cash in/out functions. the record maintains hellogold money only, not client cash. the contract accepts cash enable buy/sell gold transactions. users' accounts users' accounts processes and records customer related transactions series arrays smart contract, holding: customer cash and gold balances the current fee tier for transactions list gifts and loans for each customer, showing status for each (open closed) fee tables the fee contract includes list tiers outlining the different fee structures that could apply customer. whilst this initially consistent across all customers, flexibility has been built enable variations fees future either due promotions, variations country, other currently unknown variables. hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. gifting each gift creates new smart contract based template, with each contract implementing the movement gold from account plus the status that movement complete, progress, rejected (inc timed out). the flexibility incorporated into this design will enable broader use beyond pure "gifting", i.e. anytime transfer gold between accounts required for any remittance. loans each loan represented smart contract and comprises agreement between customer and agent. the current structure the loan products has not been confirmed, less has been defined these contracts beyond the ability lock the customer gold collateral for the duration the loan and the ability release this collateral the end the term. the architecture means can create new types loans for different environments. all the smart contracts have been designed that they can updated without effecting the balances, e.g. allow hellogold add new currencies, countries, fee structures, loan products, other products not yet known. contracts include information based what required only, rather than all information. security audit security audits have been run the core product apps, communications and backend. this will repeated regular basis, including prior the blockchain deployment ensure the integrity the smart contracts. these have been done reputable third parties including crysp australia pty ltd. the smart contracts themselves will audited via reputable third party the appropriate time. this time there are number alternatives that are looking complete the work. funds will set aside pay for these reviews required prior any deployment and parallel run. gold backed tokens the current use blockchain support the core product (buy/sell/store gold). hellogold plans develop this platform enable hellogold customers switch from hellogold customer gold cryptocurrency tokens, backed investment grade gold (gbt). these tokens will based ethereum erc tokens and fully backed physical, investment grade (.%) gold, vaulted with hellogold's vaulting provider. consequently, gbt should track the price gold. gbt utilises erc tokens they can complete the calculation features required autonomously. this will make the gold tradeable exchanges that accept the tokens, outside the hellogold system. once the gbt have been developed, they will available for direct sales, provide version stable coin for crypto investors. holders the cryptocurrency gold backed tokens will able switch physical gold account and able either redeem physical gold withdraw fiat currency via the existing hellogold system. holders gbt will pay management fee hellogold cover the management costs associated with the gbt. the management fee charged will consistent with hellogold customer account charges. this currently set per annum, calculated daily and charged monthly. hgf anticipate that the charge will remain the same that charged hellogold customer accounts. therefore, the charge may change either down, although hellogold does not currently anticipate this. the hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. calculation and payment will incorporated into the gbt smart contract. therefore, gbt holders will pay the management fee automatically. this management fee will paid gbt. via gbt, hellogold will create link between fiat currency, gold, gold cryptocurrency and other cryptocurrencies; with the ability transfer value along through the blockchain. for additional information gbt and how they operate, please see token sale information sheet. development plan once the core gold buy/sell/store/transfer mechanism place, and scale achieved (thereby reducing marginal costs), there are many uses for the core functionality. the hellogold team have built strategy utilise the core technology and expand its use different markets, segments, assets, products with different partners, well expand the types technology used required. not least, this includes expanding the traditional world operations support the gold backed tokens the cryptocurrency market. hellogold are able immediately adapt the solutions used for the core product (app) and apply these the crypto market conjunction with ethereum smart contracts and erc tokens. further detail the regional and technology development stages provided the use funds below see next page for business roadmap hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. business roadmap hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. token sale this section sets out overview the token sale. for detailed information the token sale, please refer the token sale information sheet dated august why token sale the business hellogold has been developed based organic growth plan increase its assets under management ("aum"). having delivered proof concept version and launch malaysia with private funding, hellogold now wants accelerate the development its use the blockchain technology and expand hellogold cater for the underserved and unbanked emerging markets accelerate the financial inclusion these market segments. hellogold foundation (hgf) hellogold foundation limited ("hgf") was set pursue the principal objectives accelerating the use blockchain technology and digitising gold-backed products that help the underserved and unbanked emerging markets have better and more affordable access simple financial products beyond cash (i.e. improve financial inclusion via digitisation). hgf has been incorporated company limited guarantee the republic singapore. governance hgf will undertake the following activities direct and supervise the development and maintenance the hellogold tokens ("hgt") and gold-backed tokens ("gbt") blockchain technology promote the safety and harmony the hgt and gbt blockchain ecosystem through the adoption best practice governance principles issue hellogold tokens ("hgt") for sale during the token sale process distribute gbt hgt holders its discretion fund activities that enable the underserved and unbanked emerging markets have better, more affordable access simple financial products through hellogold's blockchain platform advisory committee the advisory committee will comprise least persons including least one member hgf and least independent advisors will meet least times year will provide advice the governance hgf the members hgf will monitor the delivery the objectives set out the token sale the initial term for the members the committee will combination year and years ensure continuity. thereafter, all advisors will have terms appointment for years. hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. management the members hgf will responsible for appointing dismissing the management team hgf. hgf intends appoint one finance lead and one legal lead form the initial management team for the operations hgf. the management team will responsible for: legal and financial management supervision the grant management process covering application management, financial tracking and reporting, and operational delivery and reporting publishing report the delivery the objectives set out the token sale hellogold.org every quarter provide reports regular basis the advisory committee audit hgf the process appointing internationally recognised audit firm. soon the appointment finalised, will make announcement the hellogold.org website. legal counsel zico insights law llc has advised hgf the token sale relation singapore law, and will retained provide advice hgf regulatory and compliance matters. zico insights law llc member zicolaw, the first and only integrated network legal and related services providers the asean region with offices and relationships brunei, cambodia, indonesia, laos, malaysia, myanmar, philippines, singapore, thailand and vietnam. please visit www.zicolaw.com for more information. hellogold tokens (hgt) hgf will sell hellogold tokens (hgt) during the token sale. hgf will implement token sale one billion hellogold tokens (hgt) three rounds (i) round comprising million hgt august and (ii) round and each comprising million hgt and respectively. the proceeds the token sale will granted hellogold pursue the objectives hgf return, hellogold will endow its annual management fee revenue from gold aum hgf, lifetime maximum metric tonnes (,, grams) gold ("the endowment"). this endowment will made monthly basis direct towards hgf's objectives hgt are based ethereum erc tokens and may traded all public exchanges which accept them there are fundamental assets associated with hgt, other than the potential value derived from any reward gbt which may distributed hgt holders hgf. "reward" gold backed tokens (gbt) any reward supporters the token sale will via the distribution gold backed tokens. hgf will convert any gold received from hellogold via the endowment, into gold backed tokens ("gbt") increments. the gold will vaulted with hellogold's vaulting provider hgf may, its discretion, distribute these gbt hgt holders rewards for their support the token sale hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. any distribution gbt reward hgt holders will divided proportionately amongst all hgt holders including any retained hgf (i.e. gbt rewarded ,,,) supporters' who purchase hgt may receive value two ways, alongside any premium which public exchanges may attribute: the number gbt distributed subject hellogold's aum, the endowment provided hgf and the distribution decision hgf the value gbt which should correlate with the price investment grade gold gold backing the gbt can converted into hellogold customer account containing gold the same amount (grams, whole partial), subject the gbt holder clearing hellogold's know-your-customer (kyc) and anti-money laundering (aml) checks alternatively, gbt can sold via any exchange that accepts them sale process rounds hgf will create fixed number billion hgt, which will released rounds august likely and this has been done provide assurance supporters that the funds are both required for expansion and being used for the intended purposes timely basis. all hgt will minted (created) the time round after which further hgt will minted. hgt allocations hgt will allocated according the following schedule: hgt (m) public sale tranche tranche tranche tranche tranche strategic investors reserved (staff) suppliers total round round round total any unsold unallocated strategic investor hgt may added tranche public sale hgt sold via public token sales and strategic investors hgt sold otherwise allocated strategic investors during the pre-sale. reserved (staff) reserved for the hellogold team and its early backers exchange for their efforts and resources contributed the development the hellogold project. these will vested for months and will allocated gbt per any other distribution hgt. suppliers used hgf defray any expenses associated with the token sale. retained tokens not sold distributed round will retained hgf for future fundraising (rounds and plus covering hgf costs. hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. sale process pre-sale the pre-sale will invitation only and anticipated completed august public sale the public sale will start august utc and will broken into tranches. per the price table below, supporters earlier tranches will allocated more bonus hgt. each tranche will end after the hgt allocation for that tranche has completely sold week, whichever earlier. any eth submitted which bridges tranche will have hgt bonus allocated pro-rata. participate the public sale, supporters will need to: register hellogold.org, including submitting kyc data for approval hgf log the secure area get the token sale address once released approximately hours prior the start the sale send eth the assigned token sale contract, after the public sale opens august each supporter will able purchase maximum eth worth hgt hgt will allocated the address from which eth successfully sent the token sale contract hgt will transferrable once the sale has completed and all checks satisfactorily confirmed only eth sent from wallet addresses associated with approved kyc will accepted the token sale contract. for full details the terms and conditions, please refer the token sale information sheet. hgf not obliged committed sell any all the hgt during the token sale, and reserves the right terminate the token sale otherwise alter the allocation and price hgt deems fit without prior notice. hgf reserves the right pause the token sale during the public sale required. price the base price will the same for all tranches. the amount bonus hgt will fall the sale progresses. tranche hgt offered hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. hgt per eth bonus tranche funds (eth) cumulative funds (eth) timeline hgf working the following timeline: category pre-announcement date july information sheet token sale start token sale end august august utc october utc (latest) mid/late october onwards november onwards hgt unfreezing gbt distribution activity request for feedback token sale proposal release final information sheet round token sale smart contract open round token sale smart contract close unfreezing hgt tokens for trading first gbt reward distribution, determined hgf use proceeds subject successful token sale hgt hgf, envisaged that hgf will give grants hellogold support the development hellogold the following ways: market expansion product improvement and technical development tech team expansion required implement and depending the amount funds raised hgf, hellogold will target different objectives. funds raised market thailand china indonesia philippines functionality app min cap: ~usd usd max cap: ~usd existing native apps redesigned native apps for better greater localisation each market increased security features more product features hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. redesigned native apps for better greater localisation each market increased security features even more product features more streamlined processes (e.g. kyc, account recovery) greater automation (e.g. kyc, redemption and chatbots) funds raised system blockchain min cap: ~usd increased security scale increase only usd increased security integration regional financial systems/ regulations region specific currency, gold unit and fee structures, required max cap: ~usd increased security integration regional financial systems/regulations region specific currency, gold unit, fee structures and other product features, required code/system refactoring more process automation design, build, test and deployment tasks smart contracts gold backed cryptocurrency (gbt) development document blockchain store data (user/customer data blockchain) (private blockchain) smart contracts gold backed cryptocurrency (gbt) development document blockchain store data (user/customer data blockchain) (private blockchain) infrastructure improved redundancy improved security scale increase improved redundancy improved security reduced latency product features regular saver plan loan product hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. regular saver plan loan product smart contracts gold backed cryptocurrency (gbt) development document blockchain store data (user/customer data blockchain) (private blockchain) explore use alternate blockchains, modifications ethereum improve response times (private net) explore the use private side-chains for accountability improved redundancy improved security reduced latency servers running across independent service providers (e.g. azure, aws, google cloud) more automation for better and coordination feature rollout across different regions regular saver plan loan product funds raised testing min cap: ~usd lucky draw remittance gold leasing under savings usd lucky draw remittance gold leasing under savings recoverable wallets (vs current recreation keys and migration funds) chatbots max cap: ~usd lucky draw remittance gold leasing under savings recoverable wallets (vs current recreation keys and migration funds) chatbots big data analytics/ machine learning gold gift cards jewelry redemption lending raw testing tools only for smart contracts in-house automated testing functionality inc. contract testing support support provided dev team round the clock support teams that monitor and provide first-line support common issues high availability active-active nodes that provide maximum uptime team blockchain developers app developers hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. blockchain developers app developers system engineers technical marketing specialists technical testing specialists in-house automated testing functionality inc. contract testing publication smart contract testing tools round the clock support teams that monitor and provide first-line support common issues high availability active-active nodes that provide maximum uptime self-diagnostic health check system with the ability provide early warning alerts potential problems blockchain developers app developers system engineers technical marketing specialists technical testing specialists dev ops tech ops business analysts product development technical architect and writer funds raised min cap: ~usd usd max cap: ~usd treasury, wallets escrow after the token sale ends, hgf will entitled transfer the proceeds any other wallets sees fit order pursue its objectives. funds may converted fiat (e.g. myr, sgd usd) gbt act hedge for any eth volatility and for security. based complete round sale and subject entry into definitive documentation with hellogold, funds will also remitted hellogold. hellogold foundation does not plan use escrow account for funds raised the token sale. reporting project plan hellogold intends produce written update each fortnight progress towards the expansion goals outlined the 'development funds', and announce when significant milestones are reached. aum reporting the key metric required measure success aum held hellogold. outlined the token sale information sheet, will possible view the amount aum held hellogold via multiple mechanisms, including the publication hellogold website showing anonymised customer balances and gold held storage hellogold behalf customers. this information automatically updated each day and can found https://www.hellogold.com/how-it-works/ (scroll down security). once the smart contracts are live and the blockchain explorer place (securely) this will enable further direct, real time verification. additionally, hgf will publish supporting material each month show the calculation behind endowment level and the gbt released that month. community support part the token sale, hgf have set aside some tokens community fund say thank you some the people running unpaid services, who put large amounts time that the rest the community don't see, and the rest taking them for granted. this will distributed causes determined hgf membership after the token sale. further information hgf/token sale channels hgf can contacted directly via the following public channels relating token sale: slack channel https://myhellogold.slack.com (primary channel) medium https://www.medium.com/hellogold hellogold foundation http://www.hellogold.org email foundation@hellogold.org hellogold product channels hellogold company marketing channels can also viewed via the following links: hellogold website https://www.hellogold.com/ linkedin https://www.linkedin.com/company/hellogold facebook https://www.facebook.com/myhellogold/ twitter https://twitter.com/myhellogold instagram https://www.instagram.com/hellogold.my/ hellogold foundation limited. private confidential. youtube https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucnrfwb_bsjjqqiaifjj_dw/ technology review draft smart contracts can reviewed here: https://github.com/myhellogold/foundation android and ios apps are available the play/app store respectively. due the kyc/aml take process, the hellogold app currently requires malaysian mykad for identity verification and entry use the app functionality. for non-malaysians who would like view demo version the app, android version can https://www.hellogold.org/code-review.html including instructions how clear the verification steps. please note that the demo app has test accounts only and include automated elements; real cash/gold will transacted. for ios users, please use android simulator your laptop view this apk. risks and legal info risks the token sale, the business and operations hellogold and hgf (including but not limited the issue and distribution hgt and gbt hgf) (collectively, the "project") are subject numerous risks, many which are beyond the control hellogold and hgf. some these development risks associated with the project are outlined the token sale information sheet. other non-technical risks the project are covered more depth the hellogold business plan. each supporter should complete independent due diligence into the project, peruse, comprehend and consider carefully the risks described the token sale documents before deciding support the token sale. supporting the token sale shall action based upon prudent decision and will deemed the relevant supporter having been fully aware and agreed take all the risks described the token sale documents. legal info this summary document does not constitute form part any offer, invitation, solicitation any investment and does not pertain any way offering, invitation, purchase securities any jurisdiction. this summary document has not been, will submitted to, registered with, reviewed verified any regulatory authority any jurisdiction. for full set terms and conditions please refer the token sale information sheet published hellogold.org. [the remainder this page intentionally left blank] hellogold foundation limited. private confidential.