introduction years ago, bitcoin was founded satoshi nakamoto and team developers. many people did not foresee that bitcoin would revolutionize the world did today. the idea behind bitcoin was eliminate the central authorities such banks with new peer peer electronic cash system. the system was elegant and transparent, every transaction made the system recorded the blocks and anyone could track them down, besides, was not revealing anyone's identity since the addresses were not coupled with any real people. these features attracted more people time and the recent years many blockchain systems have emerged. nowadays, many experts state that blockchain's current situation similar world wide web's first days. years ago, talented people created ethereum which united the contracts with blockchain and smart contracts were born. that became gateway for developers create their own tokens and smart contracts. today, lot cryptocurrencies are using ethereum platform and that proves ethereum help blockchains develop good way. even though the blockchain and cryptocurrencies represent the future, they need touch people's daily life. they cannot manage that they will traded cryptocurrency markets for while and they people will forget them few years. that what herbalist team desired, creating real use case for cryptocurrencies and help them revolutionize the world into better place. this greenpaper, will explain how herbalist token project unite the power herbs with the latest technology. before diving into what herbalist token project is, will share some important information about rare herbs. the power herbs for centuries, people have been using herbs for medicinal and healing purposes. before modern medicine, herbalists have been creating cures from herbs. they more than simply adding flavor and color our favorite dishes; their healing and restorative powers are impressive. even after medicinal procedures improved, the key ingredients the most modern medications are still herbs. but after being exposed countless side effects modern medications, people are now going back traditional use herbs more and more every day. what are rare herbs? rare herbs may scarce because the total population the species may have just few individuals, restricted narrow geographic range, both. some rare herbs occur sparsely over broad area. other rare herbs have many individuals, but these are crowded into tiny area; some cases, single county canyon. third kind rare herbs are those with both few individuals and narrow geographic range: these are the very rarest plants. the status assessments rare herbs are based the best available information and consider variety factors. these factors are, total number and condition occurrences (e.g., populations) population size range extent and area occupancy short-term and long-term trends the above factors scope, severity, and immediacy threats number protected and managed occurrences intrinsic vulnerability environmental specificity why are some herbs rare? some plants are naturally rare, and the cause may mystery. these rare plants are not necessarily danger extinction. their habitat secure and they continue reproduce the wild, intervention needed. however, botanists agree that rare plants are more likely become extinct than more common species. there are particular life history characteristics recognized scientists increasing plant species' risk extinction. few examples these natural risk factors are: specialization particular soil rock substrate, which may patchy and/or limited area population isolation specific mutualistic relationships with other organisms, such pollinators, dispersers, fungal partners genetic self-incompatibility, for instance dioeciousness (where individual plant has only one flower gender, two plants minimum male and female are required for sexual reproduction occur) gravity ant dispersed seed: causes difficulty colonizing fragmented habitat, since seeds may not able move far enough reach the next suitable habitat patch other plants that were formerly more common have become rare due changes their environment. these changes are often brought directly indirectly people's patterns settlement, transportation, recreation, and use natural resources. can help rare species recover and even thrive sometimes making changes our own behaviors. for most species, rarity results from some combination anthropogenic (human-induced) and evolutionary ("natural") factors rather than single cause. human causes rarity, direct and indirect, are identifiable for many rare plants. the more common ones are: loss habitat, which may already limited natural specialization loss pollinators, dispersal agents, other plant partners collecting for horticulture, medicinal uses, science introduction competitors, pathogens, and pests: usually not native, and therefore not having co-evolved with our native plants the following further discussion the causes rarity will move back and forth between natural and human-caused reasons for rarity, they are intertwined nature. loss habitat many scientists make point distinguishing between species that naturally occur small, isolated populations and those that have been fragmented and diminished human activity. plant species that were once widespread, interbreeding, and diverse are most sensitive declines genetic variation associated with restrictions range population size. loss habitat prohibits buildup population numbers from periodic lows. habitat population fragment smaller target for incoming seeds being dispersed from another habitat patch; therefore, recolonization may problematic. some plants are naturally restricted rare, patchy habitats, such limestone serpentine rock outcrops, balds, and vernal pools. from conservation perspective, these are the easiest habitats model, map, and survey for plants, and often the easiest protect. occurrences plants confined these habitats can predicted the distribution the habitats. the habitats can seen and outlined aerial photo soil map suitable resolution. however, these patchy habitats, especially the patches are small, are very susceptible careless intentional destruction, especially the patches contain some economically valuable commodity (such minerals landscape rock), are embedded economically valuable matrix (such woodland habitat that attractive for housing). addition, too-tight focus habitat patches, leaving out surrounding matrix habitat when planning for species conservation, can lead loss essential ecological relationships and, ultimately, failure conserve the target species. for example, andrenid bees, critical pollinators california vernal pool genera such downingia and limnanthes, nest the upland matrix surrounding the pools. conservation plan that overlooks this relationship likely unsuccessful. the most common cause plant habitat loss and subsequent plant rarity and endangerment conversion native plant habitat cities, farms, roads, and regulated-flow river systems and reservoirs. human settlement has also changed plant habitats through fire suppression, introduction aggressive weeds, recreational use, and natural resource extraction. loss pollinators, dispersal agents, other plant partners about one-fifth all pollen-producing plants have pollen light enough float wind water. noteworthy members this group are conifers, oaks, grasses, and sagebrush, typical "hay fever" culprits. the rest have heavier pollen, and must rely animals move pollen from one flower the next. insects (bees, flies, beetles, butterflies, moths, and wasps) most animal pollination native plants, but some plants rely birds bats for pollen transfer. water, wind, animals, mechanical means disperse fruits and seeds. the purpose any dispersal system get seeds suitable patch habitat that not already occupied. timing critical: the dispersal agent must available the time the seeds are ready for dispersal. distance among habitat patches also critical. the distance the next habitat patch exceeds the dispersal range the species, that habitat patch has way recolonized should the local population lost through disease, predation, local natural catastrophe. water dispersal confined aquatic and shoreline plants. premature drying creek beds, water diversions, channelization, and reservoir drawdowns can interfere with water dispersal riparian and aquatic plants. wind dispersed species are those with winged outgrowths tufts hair, such papoose members the sunflower family, well milkweeds, willowherbs, willows, cottonwoods, and maples, conifers; and, few species with other adaptation other than being very tiny and light, including most orchids. those that are light and can travel long way are adapted exploit patchy, ephemeral habitats. these include many early successional species. lightweight orchid seeds disperse widely that small fraction them will find suitable patch habitat with just the right conditions. animal dispersed seeds stick the animal some way, with hooks, mucilage, mud from wet habitats, are eaten and passed through the digestive system. seeds that are eaten include berries, nuts, those with fleshy aril elaiosome that offers some nutritive value the dispersing creature. berries and nuts, since they are relatively large, tend used and dispersed larger animals (birds and mammals) with longer dispersal distances. seeds with elaiosomes, such trilliums and violets, are dispersed ants. this limits the dispersal distance the seeds and colonies plants may become isolated large expanses unsuitable habitat. the importance mycorrhizal associations (plants with roots connected fungal hyphae extend their nutrient-gathering ability) seedling germination and survival has been documented for wide variety habitats, including grasslands, sagebrush scrub, wetlands, tallgrass prairie, well forests. mycorrhizal fungi are sensitive soil disturbance, solar heating soil, and pesticides. the mycorrhizal flora currently susceptible wholesale change through air-borne nitrogen enrichment the soil that occurring worldwide. species dependent specific mycorrhizal associations, such terrestrial orchids and moonworts (botrychium species) may special risk because the vulnerability their fungus partners environmental changes. effects climate change rare herbs climates have been flux far back geologic evidence can read. paleobotanical evidence shows that vegetation has migrated and evolved repeatedly response climate change. this trend seems likely continue. the questions seem what rate and with what influence human activity. ecologists currently agree that, the future the past, vegetation will not shift migrate intact biomes communities. individual species have different migration rates and different responses and will probably form new assemblages not now seen. scientists suggest that mycorrhizal migration rates may limit vascular plant migration rates. this the case, species dependent single mycorrhizal fungus, both fungus and woody host plant (as for sugar stick phantom orchid), would disadvantage adapting rapidly climate change. successful adaptive migration also depends the presence continuous migration corridors friendly habitat. this likely problem for many species, but especially for those already limited isolated, patchy habitats and dependent specialized pollinators and dispersal agents. global warming, linked human-induced increases and other "greenhouse gases" scenario addressed plant conservationist david given: vertical ascent around meters could compensate for deg rise average temperature, but because available land area decreases with increasing altitude, species with large habitat area requirements may become extinct. any case, associations species will squeezed into decreasing areas they ascend." since plant species with large habitat requirements tend wind- pollinated (such conifer trees and prairie grasses), this would place many widespread woody plants and graminoids currently limited middle and upper montane zones risk. some alpine species would simply "wink out" under global warming scenario, there would higher elevation habitat nearby which they could migrate. stochastic risk rarity itself leads increased risk endangerment and extinction, because rare plants with few and small populations are less able recover from random events that wipe out individuals entire populations. this kind risk called "stochastic risk". for example, the small size the only known population showy stickseed, hackelia venusta, major barrier its recovery. the small number individuals (roughly plants) remaining the sole population located tumwater canyon makes venusta vulnerable extinction due random events such slope failure (mass wasting surface erosion) drought. single random environmental event could extirpate substantial portion all the remaining individuals this species, leading extinction. rare plants fall into several general categories risk: those that appear doing just fine, regardless their rarity those that are trouble for obvious human-caused reasons those that are trouble for obvious natural causes those that are declining for obvious reason the hardest work rare plant conservation comes with the last group, where the natural causes rarity and the human causes rarity must teased apart before possible find conservation solutions. market price analysis rare herbs one the greatest challenges the agriculture industry supply chain. the supply standard produce greatly impacted our current supply chain. article, forbes magazine states that the big challenge we're dealing with archaic distribution system "we've got farmer, transportation, manufacturer, distributor, broker, and realtor. it's super obsolete century distribution model." this model needs change, and this where our herbalist token project comes into play. let's look the current supply chain and its impact. below standard supply chain. can expect and forbes noted, there are many lot parties involved. note that with each phase the distribution model, huge amounts time wasted. not only does this mean degrading quality produce, but every time produce transported stored, embedded costs increase well. consider the cost fuel, labor, distribution markups, and maintenance. all these are factors the price pay for produce the grocery and produce that's severely lacking freshness. let's analyze this standard supply chain terms shrinkage leafy green produce and herbs. you can see, shocking lost before reaches our home. and another lost our home. total lost until reaches our home. let's also consider the actual quality the produce you are eating. from the moment was picked, began decay and lose its freshness. even appearance-wise may look fresh, nutrients are diminishing every day the produce buy. mentioned, with each phase distribution model, huge amounts time wasted and the product decays great deal. same thing happens when comes the price the product. because many intermediaries from producer consumer, the prices increase unimaginable levels. this the standard case for produce products. when analyze the price change rare herbs, the price increases exorbitant levels because the scarcity the products. let's give example matsutake mushroom. the farmers japan sell their product matsutake mushroom intermediary for per kg. because the current supply chain, this mushroom sold eur per germany. the price increases more than times the original cost. herbalist token project offers new platform cut the costs and give farmers opportunity sell their products directly the consumers. what herbalist token (herb) project? global marketplace today, rare herb growers and collectors are struggling find convenient marketplace sell their product around the world. most the rare herbs have interested parties and buyers around the globe but most the farmers can only sell their products locally because there marketplace bring them together. rare herbs grow very different parts the world and these areas are usually rural areas and sometimes they are developing countries. result, the growers sell their product intermediaries and then the intermediaries can sell the product buyers foreign countries. this situation increases the prices and affects the customers, the same time causes the farmers earn less money for their product. additionally, corporates and big companies overcharge consumers cornering the market and creating monopolies. this creates enormous wealth gap between corporate owners and hardworking farmers. you can see, farmer able get only the money paid for produce while the consumer spends most his money services which does not add any value the produce. herbalist token project going solve this problem building blockchain integrated global marketplace that will bring the farmers and the buyers together. our platform, any farmer going able list their products and find buyers around the globe easily and quickly. our platform will eliminate the intermediaries, cut the unnecessary costs, increase the profit the growers, decrease the price the product for the customers and, make the rare herbs more accessible everyone. our global rare herbs marketplace, users can buy and sell products securely and reliably. sellers can create their own stores and build their reputation through review points given customers. additionally, sellers can also attach pictures and videos their listings show the quality their products. the meantime, the consumers will enjoy cheaper prices and fresher products with our platform. along with these, our platform will designed protect both parties. customers' payment will escrowed our platform and will transferred the seller once the desired product delivered the customer. therefore, will also add extra layer security for the users. since the price gap rare herbs' sales current supply chain huge, our platform will mainly focus rare herb sales, but also encourage all kinds produce and herb farmers market their products our platform decrease prices globally. order decrease the costs even more, are also going make partnerships with local and global shipping and logistic companies around the world for the sales processed through our platform. sellers our platform will able ship their products cheaper rates. herbalist token (herb) herbalist token (herb) ethereum blockchain based erc- token that will used payments processed through our platform. our goal create global marketplace with single cryptocurrency payment option remove currency conversion costs, reach farmers and customers beyond country borders and decrease the overall costs even more. contract address: xafbdeede symbol: herb decimal: total supply: ,,, token sale herbalist token (herb) ico sales will start november th, utc and end november th, utc. order buy herb tokens during the token sale, you will need send the required amount eth the address that will published our official website www.herbalisttoken.com. response the payment, herb tokens will sent the same wallet address you sent your eth from. please not send any funds the contract address. send your funds only the eth address specified our website. may the roadmap the origin rare herbs marketplace and herbalist token idea june team building july attraction advisors september rare herbs database creation started october herbalist token website created november th, herbalist token (herb) ico start november th, herbalist token (herb) ico end november th, rare herbs volunteer program start november exchange listings partnerships with shipping companies december further exchange listings partnerships january rare herbs global marketplace website launch february consumer awareness webinars start youtube channel march partnerships with universities around the world token distribution herbalist tokens will distributed specified the chart. funds allocation the funds that will raised the ico will allocated according plan showed the chart below. legal disclaimer token sale restrictions the laws the country you reside involve certain requirements for you, potential token holder, for the process tokens acquisition and exchange, recommend you consult the lawyers with the relevant practice your jurisdiction and make decision about the tokens based their recommendation. besides, would like bring your notice that due technical organization token issuing and exchange, not collect, store, make use the potential token holders' personal data, and, thus, cannot control what jurisdiction they belong and whether the laws this jurisdiction are violated. result such circumstances, the responsibility for exchanging tokens your jurisdiction rests with you, the token holder. risks you acknowledge and agree that there are numerous risks associated with purchasing herb, holding herb, and using herb for participation herbalist token project. uncertain regulations and enforcement actions the regulatory status herb and distributed ledger technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions. impossible predict how, when whether regulatory agencies may apply existing regulations create new regulations with respect such technology and its applications, including herb and/or herbalist token project. regulatory actions could negatively impact herb and/or herbalist token project various ways. the project (or its affiliates) may cease operations jurisdiction the event that regulatory actions, changes law regulation, make illegal operate such jurisdiction, commercially undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. after consulting with wide range legal advisors and continuous analysis the development and legal structure virtual currencies, the project will apply cautious approach towards the sale herb. therefore, for the crowdsale, the project may constantly adjust the sale strategy order avoid relevant legal risks much possible. competitors possible that alternative networks could established that utilize the same similar code and protocol underlying herb and attempt recreate similar facilities. the project may required compete with these alternative networks, which could negatively impact herbalist token project. failure develop there the risk that the development herb will not executed implemented planned, for variety reasons, including without limitation the event decline the prices any digital asset, virtual currency herb, unforeseen technical difficulties, and shortage development funds for activities. security weaknesses hackers other malicious groups organizations may attempt interfere with herbalist token project variety ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial service attacks, consensus-based attacks, sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. furthermore, there risk that third party member the project its affiliates may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses into the core infrastructure herb which could negatively affect herbalist token project. other risks addition the aforementioned risks, there are other risks associated with your purchase, holding and use herb, including those that the project cannot anticipate. such risks may further materialize unanticipated variations combinations the aforementioned risks. you should conduct full due diligence the project, its affiliates and the herbalist token project team, well understand the overall framework and vision for herbalist token project prior purchasing herb. herbalist token project social media official website www.herbalisttoken.com facebook https://www.facebook.com/groups// twitter https://twitter.com/herbalistoken youtube https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucmuxvswsxdxwjsdovpra reddit https://www.reddit.com/user/herbalist_token telegram chat https://t.me/herbalist_token telegram announcements https://t.me/herbalist_announcements