v_, content subject change hero (play) ico whitepaper revolutionizing online betting about herosphere since starting our project nee 'thesocialbet bet friends. not bookies' we've pursued the objective change the nature online betting. the original and inherent social character bet lost when comes online betting. with online betting providers sports fan set against professional: the bookmaker. our aim cut out the middleman and provide system that enables users challenge other sports enthusiasts head head, without the interference bookmakers. july we've rebranded our project herosphere.gg ('herosphere') solely focusing prediction games for esports. far over users registered herosphere and more than users stream every day. herosphere provides the possibility for esports enthusiasts all over the world compete against the community their friends and prove their knowledge about professional esports games. with passionate team and lead investors from the payment and online entertainment sector behind herosphere, are ready take our platform and the online betting community the next level introducing our cryptocurrency: hero (play). the mission hero simple powerful: establishing new level trust, transparency and security, yet unknown the world online betting abstract herosphere.gg love gaming. our team consists (e)sports enthusiasts, that's why enjoy com-peting and challenging like-minded people. therefore, developed innovative betting platform for esports events. nowadays, sports betting has bad reputation. one reason for the bad reputation the existence fraudulent providers. another one that bookmakers operate high margins, taking money out the users' pockets. their revenue stream their users' loss. for more than years the system online betting has not changed and the market suffers from lack innovation. high amount untrustworthy and off-shore providers has lowered the trust people the current betting market. never completely guaranteed that users receive their winnings. all these problems have one common ground--centralization. centralized systems create excessive risks for users like exploitation user data, prohibitive legal regulations, vulnerability manipulation and denial withdrawals. that where the blockchain and the hero ('play') come into place. hero's solution decentralized betting system that will bring transparency and trustless betting all sports fans around the world. hero designed decentralized erc token the ethereum blockchain, which supports point-based pooling systems. different today's online betting, hero creates fully transparent network, allowing natural expansion its own community. single users can become providers and are rewarded for their effort hero. top that, all hero holders will receive general reward every pot that played. win-win situation. the smart contracts hero are designed not only enable decentralized betting, but manage whole contests without middleman. with hero, there need bookmakers anymore. the first use case hero-implementation will herosphere, but hero intended far beyond our own platform. designed any existing provider can implement hero and emerging providers can build their systems the hero network and community. addition the fact that this system creates new revenue streams for everyone the community and helps grow the network, enables also natural increase the value hero due its limited supply. there reason why betting persisted throughout societies for hundreds years--it lot fun! bring the next level with hero. initial coin offering initial coin offer million ethereum-based ,,hero" tokens byte heroes gmbh, limited liability company pursuant austrian laws, having its registered seat sieben-brunnengasse vienna, austria (the ,,developer") intends offer for exchange million units new ethereum-based token named ,,hero" (ticker ,,play") during limited offer period (the ,,offer period") starting september (the ,,initial coin offer", ,,ico" ,,crowdsale"). the ico will have hard cap usd heros are not securities and not carry with them any rights may commonly associated with securities. heros are tokens based the ethereum-platform intended for online betting and gaming that reward coin holders for playing across multiple online betting and gaming platforms. this whitepaper (,,whitepaper") gives overview certain aspects the hero and its intended use. this whitepaper and the information stated herein not legally binding. the initial coin offering only made the basis separate document, the token offer document which will published alongside this whitepaper. this whitepaper does not constitute offer heros nor invitation for offer exchange any amount ether for heros. the developer intends have hero listed number virtual currency exchanges. due the properties and mechanics the hero described herein, the developer also aims have the market value hero increase over time. however, there guarantee that increase the market value can achieved the developer. you decide participate the initial coin offering form investment, the developer expressly warns you that investment hero carries high degree risk. for description the risks associated, see the chapter ,,risk factors" the token offer document. forward-looking statements this whitepaper contains certain forward-looking statements. forward-looking statement statement that does not relate historical facts and events. the forward-looking statements are based analyses forecasts future results and estimates amounts not yet determinable foreseeable. such forward-looking statements are identified the use terms and phrases such ,,anticipate", ,,believe", ,,could", ,,estimate", ,,expect", ,,intend", ,,plan", ,,predict", ,,project", ,,will" and similar terms, including references and assumptions. this applies, particular, statements this whitepaper containing information future developments the hero, plans and expectations regarding the acceptance the hero the market its growth value. forward-looking statements are based current estimates and assumptions that the developer makes the best its present knowledge. such forward-looking statements are subject risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual developments differ materially from and worse than expected assumed described these forward-looking statements. accordingly, any persons interested participating the initial coin offering strongly advised read the chapter ,,risk factors" the coin offer document. this chapter includes more detailed descriptions factors that might have negative impact herosphere and the hero. light these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described this whitepaper may not occur. table contents the project basic information corporate structure contact details business area and trends general information esports sports betting esports gambling future opportunities the hero system and the hero coin use hero hero and rake-back-system technical description ico process technical view ico use hero and proceeds ethereum proceeds total supply hero roadmap team management investors advisors the project basic information byte heroes gmbh (,,the developer") limited liability company pursuant austrian laws, registered with the commercial court vienna under registration number the developer has its corporate seat siebenbrunnengasse vienna, austria. the developer has developed the hero network and hero, both described this whitepaper. corporate structure the day this whitepaper, mr. paul polterauer and mr. philip peinsold act managing directors (geschaftsfuhrer), having legal power represent the developer contact details you have questions regarding this initial coin offer, the hero network the hero, you may contact the developer via email (info@herocoin.io). business area and trends the following summary the business area and trends that may affect the hero network and hero. the summary based publicly available information the internet. general information the main business field the developer esports. particular, the developer has created and operates the social betting platform herosphere.gg. esports relatively young industry. merely couple years ago, esports was mostly community video gamers who would gather conventions play competitive multiplayer computer games such counter strike, dota league legends. for the year deloitte global has predicted that esports would generate global revenues usd million, percent from about usd million media giants such espn and turner are broadcasting esports tournaments and competitions. going back amazon has acquired twitch, the live streaming video platform that the leader online gaming broadcasts. goldman sachs valued esports usd million and expected the market grow percent annually compounded over the next three years into more than usd billion opportunity. industry statistics are backing this valuation and demonstrate the potential for massive earnings, e.g. when looking swedish media company modern times group's usd million acquisition turtle entertainment, the holding company for esl gaming. youtube has made big esports investment signing multiyear broadcasting deal with faceit stream the latter's esports championship series. also, the nba has made announcements launch its own esports league esports audience esport rapidly growing market. more than million people watched esports. the number esport enthusiasts anticipated continue growing cagr (compound average growth rate) over percent for the next years. the number esports enthusiasts was the same level ice hockey, for anticipated that esports will overtake american football. source: newzoo global esports market report. (yoy year over year) global revenue the global esports market generated more than usd million revenue and anticipated newzoo grow usd billion this even more optimistic the numbers stated above goldman sachs. north america alone comprises percent the market continues rapidly invest the space. the revenue for esports expected grow cagr more than percent. the definition the esports market newzoo, includes the following categories (esports betting and fantasy not included): media rights merchandise and tickets online advertising brand partnership additional game publisher investment source: newzoo global esports market report. betting and fantasy are included, the esports market amounted more than usd million and forecasted grow over usd billion stephanie llamas james ravon, esports market brief update superdata research (). esports vs. traditional sports comparing esports and traditional sports makes sense certain extent. the esports economy matures, draws more advertisers and increases its merchandise and ticketing revenues directly from consumers, the average annual revenue per fan expected continue rise towards the level traditional sports. for revenue usd per esports fan was anticipated. this still almost five times lower than that basketball (usd per year) but from usd using conservative scenario, the annual average revenue per esports fan estimated rise level between usd and usd source: newzoo global esports market report. sports betting online betting large, fast growing and segmented market. the development and evolution new technologies have made considerable impact the operation of, and interaction between, every sector the global economy. the impact upon the betting industry has been different that regard, opening new product platforms and access wider consumer base due the growth new technologies. online gambling computer and mobile devices considered the growth driver the market. mobile casino, live betting and mobile betting are expected have the biggest growth potential terms gross gaming revenue (stakes less winnings) over the next twelve months and are also anticipated have big potential for the following years. global online betting massive market, with estimated high usd billions figures wagered through regulated markets, and some estimates show that ten times that volume goes through un-regulated markets. companies such bwin william hill make over usd billion revenue yearly. esports cash gambling (e.g., betting esports matches) expected grow from usd million total amount wagered cash gambling sites) usd billion which growth factor twenty within only four years. esports gambling noted above, cash gambling esports anticipated grow factor twenty within the next three years. another substantial market for the developer called ,skin gambling*' where players use game items currency. depending which report considered, skin gambling estimated over usd billion worth skins. the market for skin gambling distributed across handful dominant products. sportsbook-style betting (wagers esports matches) the largest vertical. the second most popular are jackpot-style games, essentially lotteries where players receive tickets based the value their deposited skins. simple forms roulette games, coin flip games, and blackjack games make much the remaining turnover. terms market participants, the skin gambling industry grew quickly from handful hundreds sites the course year. the vast majority those sites were variations the basic jackpot product theme. these sites have seen significant in-crease popularity, yet the majority seem operate without any the safeguards that are put place protect consumers. over the last year, some skin gambling sites have been forced shut down change their business models the face mounting pressure from game developers and law enforcement. "skin" hereby refers different colours and shapes displayed in-game items such player characters and/or items, most notably weapons. future opportunities since the start its project the developer pursues the objective change the nature online betting. the originally inherent social character bet lost when comes online betting. online betting providers, sports fan must challenge the bookmaker, lay person bets against professional. the aim the developer provide system that enables players challenge other sports enthusiasts the same level. through blockchain technology, the developer has the opportunity cut out the middleman and provide system without odds and bookmakers. the developer strives create new level security and trust the betting industry. the hero network will enable people compete against others with complete transparency, trust and security. the hero network can used for any kind pooling, betting, fantasy, poker systems. hero used virtual currency for the hero network. the first use case for hero will the platform herosphere.gg the developer, which focuses esports. the global esports market growing prodigiously, with cagr percent. cash gambling esports anticipated grow even factor twenty within the next three years. the developer anticipates that over five million people will use hero less than two years the platform herosphere.gg alone. additionally, the developer will work establish hero many online betting platforms possible order establish fair, transparent and trustless gaming globally. trustless system combination mechanics that allows for two more parties interact with another and fulfill contracts without having trust any opposing party. this allows for private and business transactions between parties without having fear for money product loss and without need trust the opposing party. the blockchain this done using so-called "smart contracts", which are programmed descriptions the conditions each party has fulfill order receive their part the deal. for betting trustless system would solve all the problems with current betting providers: get rid middle-men and other parties that could influence the results and rely only what you can doublecheck and proofread yourself. need trust anyone, because the blockchain takes care that for you. the hero system and the hero use hero hero crypto currency used connection with the hero network (,,hero network"). the hero network decentralized pooling system that allows predicting future events cus-tomized game atmosphere. different today's betting system, the developer has created fully transparent system allowing natural expansion its own community creating games (contests) top the hero network. this new decentralized model gives back part the rake the community let users participate heros success. designing the hero network, the developer has strived address the following issues that the market for esports betting currently faces. pain (current betting systems) unfair conditions "the house" always wins online sports betting and esports betting fast growing and highly segmented market. currently, there are many actors who only slightly differ their offers. most well-known betting websites exclusively offer fixed odds. the process betting providers bookies collect high margins and players lose their money. this system based the business model bookmakers which only allows revenue for the company the user loses. transparency and trust issues the opinion the developer, today's betting system neither transparent nor trustful. nobody can accurately track how much money poured into the system how the odds are created. additionally, one can fully guarantee payout, even you technically won bet. there are scam sites the market that are known for declining payouts and even well-known betting providers ban professional players. lost social character bet itself has historically seen very social character which was unfortunately lost the last decades, especially the age the online betting boom. players bet solely against companies and anonymous bookmakers, rather than with their friends and colleagues. bookmakers offer unfair odds and leave users with the feeling money having been stolen from one's pocket. vulnerability manipulation online betting frequently involved scandals due manipulation. one the reasons definitely the centralised characteristic today's betting providers. centralized systems are perfect targets for attacks from inside and outside. solution (the hero network) inspired the above stated observations, the developer has created system that could potentially lead solution for some the most pressing issues. what the community becomes the middleman? here's where the blockchain technology comes place. the hero network allows peerpeer predictions the outcome games take place independent middlemen, such bookkeepers betting providers. the system relies innovative pooling system that makes possible for players challenge their friends the community directly instead using the services bookmakers. the objective revolutionize the monotonous betting market and bring back the lost social thought betting. the ethereum blockchain allows for the creation smart contracts that run business logic autonomously the blockchain. these smart contracts enable secure and reliable processing the games created and the transaction structure behind them. order join contests, players have pay buy-in. payouts are processed automatically the smart contract the ethereum blockchain. hero serve the currency for these games. all hero transactions well all games created are publicly verifiable, viewable, resistant counterfeit, and not subject the risk institutional processing. additionally, the decentralized model reduces transaction and operating costs which gives the hero network not only advantage over centralized competitors safety and transparency but also enables the developer and other providers online betting run lower margins than usually seen traditional betting providers. hero and general reward system the hero designed decentralized erc token the ethereum blockchain allowing for the exchange and interchange point-based pooling system with the purpose betting future events like major (e)sport matches public engagements. these events are displayed the form prediction games and are held without interfering middleman. hero will used reward and incentive token the participation these events. all coin holders will rewarded for holding hero with general reward mechanism hardcoded into the smart contract. the minimum reward one percent all the hero volume played. any person wishing act provider can create new contest the hero network. creating contest function that allows betting the outcome (e)sports (or other) event. providers can enhance the hero network with variety different contests and are able set customized percentage their own reward. this "provider reward" incentive for community individuals become providers and compensate their efforts for the creation contest. the provider itself also able offer incentives for his community rewarding different actions with hero. ourvision introducing the hero network and hero, the developer aims disrupt the online betting industry know today. the developer aims shape the future trustless and transparent betting economy which enables bring back lost social dynamics and trust today's betting systems. the hero network will first implemented and tested the developer's own esports platform herosphere.gg where hero will exposed existing user base over active players. from there on, the developer aims expand the hero network rapidly and integrate with other online betting providers and private game creators. the ultimate goal open everyone the possibility create customized prediction games that are run and executed over the decentralized hero network. the above described general reward system opens new opportunities for existing and emerging com-munities. twitch streamer, for example, would able incentivise his her existing viewers customized private contests and would get rewarded through the hero network itself for the creation the contests. thus, the hero network not only creates new streams income for everyone helping grow the network, but also the expansion the network itself increases the worth each hero because its limited supply. the economics underlying the hero are chosen benefit the community and the hero network, creating natural demand the open market and thereby healthy growth value. hero in-tended freely tradable and purchasable open market. the value hero will de-termined the market-variable exchange rate. the future, coin holders can liquidate their holdings trading them virtual currency exchange any time. technical description the following part this coin offer document outlines technical overview how the hero network and the hero work. the contest system first, overview the relevant entities the hero network given. this simplified view how the entities work together. the entities are described the definitions below. after that you will find detailed visualization and description possible process flow. user contest interface provider contest implementation pot ,,contest interface": the contest interface acts pattern for contest implementations. can compared abstract classes programming languages. implements common contest properties and interfaces that all contest implementations must include. ,,contest implementation": the contest implementation concrete implementation the contest interface. embodies actual contest (games) where players participate. contest implementation must implement all functionalities the contest interface. deployed the blockchain when provider creates the contest. thus, changeable and extensible the future. its initial simplest form, responsible for the buy-in and pay-out. future implementations may decide the winners and pay-outs trustless and decentralized their own. ,,provider": provider offers platform where players can place their bets predictions. the provider creates (deploys) contest implementations the blockchain and able manage them. ,,player": the player user the platform provider. participates contests which provider offers. ,,pot": the pot the sum all buy-ins. stored within the contest implementation during the contest. after the contest finished, paid out the players and coin holders. process flow the following graphic shows the process flow how contests, providers and players will use the hero. each process step described detail hereinafter. provider trigger buy-in buy-in user contest interface minimum general reward create contest finish contest user wallet transfer buy-in contest implementation contest implementation contest implementation create buy-in finish provider reward winner pot general reward contest creation provider can create new contests. order so, the provider deploys new contest implementation. contests are implementations the contest interface. the contest interface defines that every contest instance must have reward least percent (,,general reward"). the contest instances are exchangeable. this means that new contest implementations with new functionalities can added later. that way, the long-term goals the developer can reached step step without the need forking. the future, the developer intends offer templates contest implementations which fit the needs different providers. result, the hero gets more and more use cases and fields application. during the setup contest, the provider has specify the data, which required for the contest implementation used. the first contest implementation will rather simple and only needs the fol-lowing data: wallet the provider; buy-in callback address the provider; provider reward (percentage the pot); general reward (percentage the pot, least percent). with this set data, the contest can handle the buy-ins and pay-outs all players. contest joining player wants join contest, she triggers buy-in the provider. the provider triggers the transaction the wallet the player. the buy-in transferred from the player's wallet the contest instance and now part the pot. after the buy-in transaction was successful, the contest calls the buy-in callback address the provider. result, the provider can guarantee that hero are now the contest smart contract and the player has certainly paid the buy-in. the end, the contest smart contract knows how many hero are currently the pot and how many and which players (wallet from buyin) are participating the contest. contest finish and pay-out after the results all bets contest are known the provider, the contest finished. the provider can interact now with the contest smart contract trigger the finish process. after that, the smart contract divides the pot into three different sub pots: ,,provider reward": the provider reward defined percentage the pot. set the provider who interacts with the contest smart contract. should seen provider reward pot custom provider reward percentage reward for the effort provider had, similar mining bitcoins. after the contest ended, the provider reward transferred the provider's wallet address, which also provided contest setup. ,,general reward": the general reward the bonus for all coin holders. every contest must pay out least percent the pot all coin holders general reward. this guaranteed the contest interface. therefore, the minimum general reward but can set higher value the provider during contest setup. higher general reward can used providers incentivize the community participate his contests. the contest smart contract calculates how much the general reward each coin holder should receive. this not equal distribution. weighted the amount hero the coin holder owns. the general reward will distributed immediately after the contest ended. general reward general reward pot total supply hero general reward (per coin holder) general reward hero coins held ,,winnings": the remaining part the pot are the winnings. they are distributed the winners the contest. the first simple contest implementation, the provider tells the contest smart contract which wallet address should receive which amount hero. the contest smart contract checks the sum the winnings equal the winnings pot. addition, prevents pay-out wallet address which not known the contest. this means that only wallet addresses which made buy-in are valid pay-out-wallets. order make the winners transparent, future goal create more complex contest implementations which also handle the calculation the winners and adds trust into the result. contest contract templates the developer aims bring more transparency the whole online betting market which am-bitious goal. the developer aware the fact that contests are handled very differently among providers. however, the developer still wants offer contest smart contracts that can used wide range existing and upcoming providers well future community projects. therefore, the developer has developed the above described architecture. the contest smart contracts are implementations the contest interface. this means that the contest interface will deployed the blockchain right the beginning. this contest interface cannot changed easily afterwards. unites all attributes and behaviors which all contests have common. all contest smart contract instances which implement the contest interface will inherit these attributes and behaviors. the general reward can serve example for this. all contests should pay out general reward least percent the pot. this could achieved packaging this general reward behavior into the contest interface. this way, all contest smart contracts must pay out the general reward. another advantage this architecture that the developer able further develop the contest smart contracts and exchange the simple contracts with more complex ones the near future. the developer will this implementing lots contest smart contract templates and offering them existing and potential providers. the contest smart contracts will become more complex and will handle more attributes and variations contest. the goal the contest automatically calculate the results and payouts based the predictions bets without any centralized system involved. result, the whole process from the buy-in and placing the bets right through the pay-out the winnings will trustless and decentralized. the developer will start with first template which called ,simple contest contract'. will handle buy-in, pot segmentation, and pay-out the provider reward, general reward and winnings. alt-hough rather simple, already solves the problem non-transparent buy-ins and pay-outs. the next goal develop contest templates which decide their own how many hero which player receives. therefore, the developer will additionally the simple contest contract provide three different types (templates) contests the near future: percentage contests: the simplest percentage contest the ,,double out" ,,/" contest. this means that the best percent the ranking will double their buy-in, the worse percent will lose. between there the provider reward. this means, for example, the provider reward set percent then not the best percent will double, but the best percent. the worse percent funds the winners and the provider reward. implementing the relevant settings variables, this template can then used for all different percentage combination like ,,triple out" with ,,/" ,,top percent" with ,,/" and forth. fixed winners contests: this type contest different way implementing contests. instead percentage, has fixed number winners. well-known implementation this kind the ,,winner takes all" contest, where only the best will win. this template will handle all possible implementations the ,,fixed winners contest" implementing the number winners variable. result, contests like ,,top wins" ,,top wins" are possible using this template. private contests: some providers (like the developer itself) will offer private contests. this means, that players can create their own contests based the events which are offered the provider. private contests may have different economics than contests which are open for the whole community. possible scenario could that the provider wants reward players who create private contests with hero. individual player incentives additionally, the implementation allows for multiple separate incentive models pool-based games. one example that will included the platform herosphere.gg gaming related rewards. other than the general reward system (which aims reward all coin holders), the gaming related re-ward aims incentivize the players specific platform. therefore, may look different every platform. the general aim reward the players according their amount hero played, only players that take part pooling game will receive hero, others will not. such reward paid out not only players that specific game but all players that platform depending their usage hero this platform. this incentive keep coin holders from hoarding rewards them for actually using their hero the market. herosphere.gg offers players general reward depending the amount hero she has played with the platform during that month. ico process technical view the following outlined process gives overview how the crowdsale will work from technical perspective. ico landingpage register accept term user whitelist for ico contract owner authorize user invest create contract crowdsale contract (c) send eth invest lazy user balance initiazation (copy write) create contract erc contract (c) hero coin holder hero coin transfer create contracts first the contract owner (the developer) has create the crowdsale contract (c) and the erc contract (c). the crowdsale contract used collect and authorize user addresses, collect eth payments and compute hero balances the end the ico. minimum amount not raised, then the contract can refund all users. maximum amount raised the contract can stop collecting funds. for any reason the contract owner decides stop the crowdsale campaign, the contract can refunded. the crowdsale contract only active during specific time period. register for the ico due legal requirements, potential investors have register and accept the terms the hero ico before they invest. for this registration, valid email address and the wallet from where the user wants invest into the ico are required. after successful registration, the provided wallet whitelisted for the crowdsale and the user authorized invest. invest users become investors transferring eth from the wallet which was provided during the registra-tion, the crowdsale contract. the sending wallet unknown the crowdsale contract because was not whitelisted before, the investment transaction will rejected. distribute the token after the ico has finished, the erc contract initializes itself with the hero balances, which were distributed through the crowdsale. now the hero balances for all participants are available for the users who participated the ico. ico hero will sold the ico. the aim raise usd which equals eth current rates, with the crowdsale token price usd exchange rate: eth hero (play) this may change with eth exchange rates. the crowdsale will start september some the numbers may change with eth/usd exchange rates and volatility, but numbers are best effort estimates september the final numbers and fixed eth amount will announced before the start the crowdsale. details the exchange process will published the token offer document. update: all unsold tokens have been burned. the new total supply ,,. use hero and proceeds ethereum proceeds hero development sales marketing third parties (pr, engineering, marketing, affiliate programs...) administration (legal, security, accounting..) contingency (unforeseen costs) the date this whitepaper, the exact amount ether obtained from participants the initial coin offer (the ,,total exchange amount") uncertain and depends (i) the eth coin value set the developer and (ii) the amount hero exchanged. the developer intends use percent the total exchange amount for the further development the hero network underlying the hero, especially for the development additional contest smart contracts; percent the total exchange amount reserved for marketing and sales measures; percent the total exchange amount will used for the payment third parties such for public relations matters, engineering, marketing, and affiliate programs; percent the total exchange amount will applied towards administrative costs such legal fees and accounting and percent are reserved for unforeseen costs. however, the developer under legal obligation use the proceeds described before. source: developer. total supply hero total tokens: ca. million token sale development (future development team expansion,) marketing partnerships esports and third-party implementation fund company cold storage and betting reserve (liquidity backup) total amount hero will created the developer. percent the total coin amount will used for other purposes. the developer explicitly reserves the right exchange the retained portion hero for other virtual currencies sell for euro any other fiat currency later point time any marketable price. however, the developer will commit itself adhere the following restrictions the use, exchange selling hero the market. especially, the developer will commit itself only exchange sell such amounts hero that, the best knowledge the developer, would not have visible impact the market value hero. the hero supply will used for future development such development the hero network and incentive program for the current and future team subject special holding conditions. those will ensure long term incentive for the hero founding team. additionally, will allocated third party ecosystem fund grow out the hero network and bring additional providers the network. part this fund will used for brand awareness the esports scene, where the developer plans host tournaments and sponsor teams. the developer setting aside all hero created company fund and betting reserve. possible that some these tokens will never issued but necessary have backup needed. any way hero will engage directly with its holders seek their guidance before any the reserved token will brought into the market. the end the initial coin offer, token creation will closed permanently. roadmap start our project cryptocurrency hero born ico start official release open api for other betting providers releasing variety contest templates complete integration decentralized games there are lot things planned for the cryptocurrency and will focus the expansion hero providing contest templates and api's for future providers make the implementation hero easy possible. will also host hackathon order build projects top hero. the first provider use hero will our own esports platform herosphere. addition the milestones stated above are the release live prediction games and twitch integration for influencers host private contests for their community also plan the expansion china and hosting invitational esports tournament late well close work with esports communities around the world. team management paul polterauer, co-founder ceo before founded herosphere with current user base more than users, paul has worked pwc advisory for corporate finance, m&a and deals. pwc worked one the largest deals austria this time and projects like the asset quality review for the european central bank's stress tests. studied business administration austria, hong kong and hawaii. passionate soccer, tennis and star craft player. https://www.linkedin.com/in/paul-polterauer-aa/ philip peinsold, co-founder cto philip one the founders herosphere and cto responsible for the technical background the start-up. before that, worked software developer and project manager the field ehealth. studied ehealth the university applied science austria. was semi-professional volleyball player and early adopter dota. https://www.linkedin.com/in/philippeinsold/ bernhard blaha, co-founder coo having founded two companies before, both which are still running, knows how start-ups work. not only brings economic expertise but also technical knowledge into the company. bernhard has studied mobile compu-ting followed executive management. also claims have introduced the daily table tennis challenge the team, but nobody knows for sure. andreas petersson, lead blockchain developer andreas has background enterprise software development and active the bitcoin industry since where co-founded bitcoin austria. between and worked for mycelium, where developed the mycelium wallet, which successfully secured the funds people. then founded minebox, company that enables decentralized storage secured smart contracts. advises bitpanda, popular bitcoin broker security. https://www.linkedin.com/in/andreas-petersson- https://github.com/apetersson jerome rousselot, smart contract developer jerome rousselot technology executive with many years experience blockchain, cryptography and embedded systems. product manager and chief revenue officer for mycelium, organizes trainings with the blockchain connector and founded co-founded nodali, jita and proof purpose. jerome based london and obtained his phd theoretical computer science epfl, switzerland. enjoys running, mysore yoga and traveling. https://github.com/jeromerousselot johannes mahler, head marketing joe previously built global community countries with more than people joining their online courses comfort zone crusher. the ceo triggin and marketing advisor for mahler artha. loving everything marketing related, has experience content-, email-, affiliate-, social media marketing, seo, copywriting and branding. https://www.linkedin.com/in/johannes-mahler-/ vladan vasic, senior lead developer living the entrepreneurial lifestyle, vladan has founded numerous companies starting with his online multiplayer gaming community with over mil-lion active users per month his latest being snixx -web and marketing agency and kidco innovative clothing company. passionate full stack web-developer with over years experience development, marketing and seo. https://www.linkedin.com/in/vladan-vasic-/ investors michael altrichter, business angel co-founder paysafecard and payolution. https://www.linkedin.com/in/michael-altrichter-/ hubertus thonhauser, entrepreneur and angel investor. managing partner enable future, co-founder babil games and and former ceo switzerland casinos austria international https://www.linkedin.com/in/hubertus-thonhauser-ba/ michael eisler, co-founder startup austrias most active business angel network. successfully sold his company dig and spent several years los angeles and san francisco working his startup wappwolf.com well roman scharf's talenthouse. https://www.linkedin.com/in/michaeleisler/ gerald hollaus, business angel serial entrepreneur, lecturer wien/krems/wr. neustadt, former performance manager omv and director jwc group. https://www.linkedin.com/in/gerald-a-hollaus-/ bernhard lehner co-founder the business angel network startup. serial entrepreneur and (co-) startet companies the last years. was business angel runtastic. https://www.linkedin.com/in/belehner/ alexander kucher, private investor director group procurement telekom austria group and former cto the bulgarian subsidary telekom austria group. https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexander-kuchar-ab/ rainer reich, business angel former senior partner the boston consulting group. https://www.linkedin.com/in/rainer-reich-a/ johannes siller, business angel and founder ebit. http://www.mapcon.at/#uebermich roland tauchner, president basetech ventures founder and also member the board dimoco europe. https://www.linkedin.com/in/rolandtauchner/ advisors gunther doppler management consulting and former cfo kalixa payment and bwin inter-active entertainment ag. https://www.linkedin.com/in/guenther-doppler-ab/ christian dressler founder bittex solutions, previously worked for swiss blockchain services. https://www.linkedin.com/in/christian-dressler-b/ thomas talos partner brandl talos. specialized m&a transactions and online gaming https://www.linkedin.com/in/thomas-talos-aaa/ oliver volkel partner svlaw. specialized virtual and crypto currencies. http://www.svlaw.at/en/team/dr-oliver-voelkel-ll-m bernd winter partner for tax consulting bdo. focus gambling and betting. https://www.linkedin.com/in/bernd-winter-aba/ erwin smole co-founder grid singularity and energy web foundation working now the blockchain and energy sector. https://www.linkedin.com/in/erwin-smole- https://twitter.com/erwin_smole stefan fleig serial entrepreneur, co-founder tableconnect previously co-founder shpock https://www.linkedin.com/in/stefan-fleig-a/ max tertinegg co-founder coinfinity and blockchainhub graz. https://www.linkedin.com/in/tertinegg/ ken shishido ken co-organizer the bitcoin tokyo meetup group. believes liberty, free market competition and small government. https://www.meetup.com/tokyo-bitcoin-meetup-group/members// https://twitter.com/kenshishido date version amendments formatting wording team foto, anchors ico update reward, ticker, correction graphics tokens burned and total supply developer byte heroes gmbh, praterstrasse space vienna, austria legal advisor the developer stadler volkel rechtsanwalte gmbh, seilerstatte vienna, austria