this version the hirematch whitepaper released working draft with the purpose introducing the idea and receiving feedback from the blockchain community. you want contribute leaving your comment review, please email: admin@hirematch.io whitepaper disclaimer: the information this document subject change update without notice and should not construed commitment hirematch. this document for informational purposes only and does not constitute offer solicitation sell shares securities hirematch.io any related associated company. any such offer solicitation will made only means confidential offering memorandum and accordance with the terms all applicable securities and other laws. hirematch: decentralized job employee recruitment platform table contents introduction mission statement what are smart contracts? the history and future job boards current "job board" ndustry system implementation what agent? what bounty? the hirematch token (hire) token acquisition hirematch: decentralized job employee recruitment platform indirect profit sharing buy back hirematch roadmap meet the team conclusion terms and conditions guarantee income profit regulatory uncertainty hire tokens are not investment quantum computers insufficient use risk loss funds risk failure the risk using new technologies integration disclaimer warranties references hirematch: decentralized job employee recruitment platform "in the future, more and more things (passive active) are going get compensated token some sort. the same way today governments are issuing money, the future companies will issuing tokens marry that value function that they have, product their specific offering.", william mougayar ethereal summit introduction innovation and competition hand hand, one always driving the other, and the employment recruitment industry has hist orically been exception this rule. job boards are essential part the recruitment process. with employers and job-seekers alike using these boards main method getting the word out about availability, nearly impossible through the job searching process without coming into contact with job board. despite this, very few users job boards understand the evolution that these services have gone through. although job boards have changed the past years, one thing remains the same, they all use "centralized" business odel. centralized applications(websites) are curr ently the most widespread model for the job board market, and the vast majority the internet general. indeed. com, monster.com, and careerbui lder.com all follow this model. centralized systems directly control the operations and flow information from single center. these legacy sites are centralized and very little find quality applicants through the high-powered engine social networks and other information sources. these sites are time consuming and can overly complicated for users, especially when they are bounced company homepages repeatedly. addition, these sites are not fast enough for the growing millennial workforce. hirematch.io decentralized application (dapp) that will eliminate the friction and costs third party intermediaries like expensive recruiters, when firms are searching for talent. hirematch will reduce the cost find, interview and acquire new employees removing unnecessar friction and creating more efficient marketplace incentivising "agents" with our erc token call "hire". hirematch: decentralized job employee recruitment platform mission statement hirematch has mission revolutionize and disrupt the recruitment industry improving the current job marketplace quality worldwide, reduce the costs across the board, increase employee quality and create community people. via our (hire) token, will implement democratization the job market. using and implementing this platform, agents will receive rewards the form (hire) tokens, giving power back the people and away from large corporate job boards. our ultimate goal isn't compete directly with other cryptocurrencies, such bitcoin, but rather provide solution and support for the current woes the job board and recruitment industry. what are smart contracts? since blockchain has gained widespread use every conceivable industry such finance, real estate and healthcare. not mention, array new blockchain-enabled businesses and services coming into the market the past years. with the arrival ethereum the blockchain space late and its "smart contract" technology, the blockchain and its value have grown exponentially and becoming more and more popular. [], smart contracts are innovative new way exchanging money, property, shares, anything value transparent, conflict-free way while avoiding the services middleman, the case hirematch.io; recruiters. smart contracts contain code that can used make decisions, store data, and send cryptocurrency others. smart contract defined it's creators, but the services offers, provided the ethereum network, executes automatically. the community large can participate audit all hirematch smart contracts github. hirematch: decentralized job employee recruitment platform the history and future job boards the first job board created was named the online career center. developed bill warren, the online career center launched merging with monster despite job boards consistently having the same goals throughout their existence, the content advertised them changed. the original job boards were considered generalists because they advertised for all types job openings. this changed later the when niche boards and networks began take over the industry niche boards allowed recruiters and job-seekers specify their qualifications and industry, which opened easier communication those qualified. networks used multiple sites open the possibility recruiters targeting location without having use multiple vendors. the classified section newspaper evolved into wide variety potential employment candidates because the expanded use the internet. now that job boards have become widely known one the best ways land job, where will they next? job boards have continued evolve ever since their creation, there reason think that they will stop here. fact, some boards are already moving into the next era job boards. time passes, job boards are moving closer the full implementation social media. the ability post and share job openings are already available sites such linkedin, but are also becoming available traditional job board sites. job aggregators changed the industry when they arrived the middle these aggregators, such indeed, allowed employers and job-seekers use platform search across all available job websites, which eased the process finding specific openings. another characteristic that job boards are evolving towards the use matching. instead either party having search for someone that fits the qualifications, job boards are now offering the ability match employees with their best suitors, saving time for everyone involved. social media became popular around this time well. sites such linkedin brought twist the job search because they allowed recruiters openly search for qualified candidates instead having wait for applications. matching the future the recruiting industry. this the main reason that the hirematch.io platform has received enormous attention from investors. hirematch. offers lower cost, higher speed acquisition, better overall quality applicants. hirematch: decentralized job employee recruitment platform current "job board" marketplace the global staffing market currently sits total billion. the average recruitment commission per installment highly paid staff (above k). this time, when company looking fill job, the first places they are indeed.com, monster.com, careerbuilder.com. without doubt, the recruitment industry dominated these major players. these legacy sites are centralized and very little find quality applicants through the high-powered engine social networks and other information sources. these legacy sites are time consuming and can overly complicated for users, especially when they are bounced company homepages repeatedly. addition, these sites are not fast enough for the growing millennial workforce. issues that exist the current recruitment industry are follows: attracting potential applicants attention(noise). finding enough qualified candidates high cost employee acquisition hirematch.io will solve the above issues with decentralized mobile application/platform. hirematch.io will solve the noise issue using the fundamental principle networking: the know, like and trust factor. agents can and will use their friends and associates connected facebook, linkedin personal contacts recommend with job offers. agents can also smart applications built our api that harness the power social media (facebook, twitter, linkedin) find and capture potential applicant's attention. hirematch.io will attack the "finding enough qualified candidates" issue using our incentivized network find, validate and recruit talent. decentralizing the recruitment process, hirematch.io shall effectively lower the resource acquisition cost and create more democratic and free job market the process. hirematch: decentralized job employee recruitment platform system implementation has been proven time and time again that decentralized markets make better decisions than centralized ones. created hirematch.io truly decentralized, blockchain-based employee recruitment platform. let's see how potential transaction will work. the manager puts the job requirements together and selects bounty hire tokens acquire this new employee. the job gets published smart contract acme software growing fast and needs find new software engineer. the manager puts the job requirements together and selects bounty (hire) tokens acquire this new employee. the manager acquires (hire) tokens post the job the hirematch.io network. the job gets published via smart contract the ethereum blockchain. agents that fit the specific requirements will then get notification that smart contract has been issued and are able refer linkedin contacts, facebook contacts and phone contacts find suitable applicants the posted job.agents can humans applications connected via our open api. when the applicant selected the company, the final bounty distributed via the smart contract every agent who had part hiring the new employee (including referrals and interviews that were accepted the company) and the contract closed. using this model plan dramatically disrupt the employment recruitment industry and take considerable market share very quickly cryptocurrency and blockchain technology become mainstream the next few years. hirematch platform that will engineered leverage both ethereum blockchain technologies and it's smart contracts increase efficiencies and decrease cost employee acquisition that many companies face. hirematch closed loop payment system, meaning new tokens will created destroyed and hirematch will only accept (hire) fuel its network agents. hirematch: decentralized job employee recruitment platform what agent? agent can human agent acting via our mobile app website smart software agent connected via our api. anyone will able access our api create innovative applications and processes deliver better and higher quality candidates through referrals and validation. using the api model, can expect exponential increase the agent's effectiveness and quality, well dramatic increase the value our (hire) token. what bounty? the hire token (hire) bounty the amount (hire) tokens that company places into the smart contract distributed upon successful execution the contract. the token economy reward system used reward target behaviour. here how successful bounty share could work (exact percentages are still under development and are subject change.) unty har (hire) erc token that represents partial ownership and fuel for the hirematch job network. the primary usage the token incentivize user agents find, recommend and verify applicants for job listings. agents are paid (hire) via execution smart contract, when recommending and validating applicants and/or when referred applicant hired. (hire) the primary and only fuel for driving the hirematch employee recruitment platform. will issue (hire) one time only and will never issue any more. hirematch: decentralized job employee recruitment platform token aquisition the hirematch token initial distribution will the form presale. companies and/or recruiters will need acquire (hire) order access and post job offers the platform. (hire) can purchased via the hirematch platform (indirect profit sharing buyback) exchange. (hire) can acquired through hirematch's website and mobile app, through many crypto-currency markets and from individuals via transfer. token users will able acquire (hire) reduced rate sending eth the pre sale smart contract address. those with other cryptocurrencies such btc ethereum classic can purchase (hire) via conversion service that will available the hirematch.io web page. allocation (hire) tokens will allotted the founding team members, subject twelve() month holding period. these tokens will serve longterm incentive for the hirematch founding team and hirematch employees. platform users will have the ability acquire (hire) sending ether ("eth") the (hire) creation contract the blockchain during pre-sale. indirect profit sharing buy back order create long-term increase value the hirematch token, hirematch will implement unique approach indirect profit sharing for all hirematch token holders. once year, hirematch.io will buy (hire) with profits gained throughout the last financial year. hirematch will turn sell those (hire) tokens back the companies and recruiters who wish acquire (hire) via credit card other traditional payment types within our interface. this method has two-pronged effect. first, solves the cryptocurrency onboarding problem. currently there very large issue acquiring any type cryptocurrency, with many sellers requiring two forms and long wait period. with hirematch.io's "buy back" program, will solve this problem and give companies and recruiters stress and friction free way acquire (hire) directly from the site mobile app. the second effect with the "buy back" program the global (hire) supply decreases over time and return, the demand and the market price increase, delivering real value and profit back our token holders. hirematch: decentralized job employee recruitment platform hirematch roadmap intend put hirematch through rigorous research, development, testing and marketings over the next few years, and the various milestones want achieve for our users, developers, and the ecosystem overall. total, there are phases called: research, expansion, marketing and the future; each with its own milestones, goals, and focus. hirematch release jan quant index incorporated mar jun mobile completion sale ends, tokens distributed oct nov public token sale begins review app release review platform launch public beta launch market research integration begin onboarding companies research gather the much needed market intelligence plan and implement scalable, robust decentralized job recruitment platform. implementation expansion create and release beta version the hirematch.io platform mobile application, api and web application. marketing market the platform and its benefits the general public and the recruitment industry via traditional advertising(online and offline), tradeshows and webinars. outreach managers, recruiters anyone that can benefit from the hirematch.io platform. the future build the hirematch infrastructure and api and continue and infinitely. this truly revolutionary hirematch concept and it's token, (hire) expected many early interested investors increase exponentially over time, giving the involved parties further great profits and success. meet the team armando pantoja chief architect, cofounder chad kettering chief marketer, cofounder aladin ben sassi ui/ux designer m.j. pantoja advisor, human resource expert baer noldus randstad advisor conclusion the advancement blockchain technology becoming apparent all industries. most these job boards are taking advantage the wider audience available through the use mobile applications and other advancing technology. hirematch.io primed take advantage these trends and disrupt the job board and job marketplace. you believe what are doing, contact directly for presale information: investments@hirematch. io. our crowdsale will open the public july hirematch: decentralized job employee recruitment platform terms conditions this document for informational purposes only and should not considered offer sell shares securities using the hirematch platform any other affiliated company. (hire) tokens not grant the right control. owning (hire) tokens does not give their holder the right ownership the right property hire. while the community's opinion and feedback can taken into account, (hire) tokens not give their holders any right participate decision making concerning the development the hirematch platform. guarantee income profit risk failure any examples income and profits calculation used this document are given for demonstrative purposes only for showing industry averages and not constitute guarantee that these results will obtained according the marketing plan. possible that for various reasons, including but not limited the failure business arrangements marketing strategies, that the hirematch search system and all subsequent marketing activities related the funds collected during the ico procedure may unsuccessful. regulatory uncertainty blockchain-related technologies are subject supervision and control different regulatory bodies around the world. (hire) tokens may fall under one more inquiries actions their part, including but not limited imposing restrictions the use possession digital tokens such (hire) tokens, which may slow limit the functionality the system the process purchasing (hire) tokens the future. the risk using new technologies hire tokens are not investment this agreement constitutes the entire agreement the parties with respect the subject matter hereof. all previous agreements, discussions, presentations, warranties, and conditions are combined this document. there are warranties, conditions agreements, express implied, between the parties, except expressly provided this agreement. this agreement may amended only written document duly executed the parties. (hire) tokens are not official legally binding investment any kind. due unforeseen circumstances, the objectives set forth this document may amended. despite the fact that intend reach all the goals described this document, all persons and parties involved the purchase (hire) tokens their own risk. quantum computers technical innovations, such the development quantum computers, may pose danger cryptocurrencies, including (hire) tokens. insufficient use despite the fact that (hire) tokens should not considered investment, they can gain value the course time. they may also fall value they are not actively used the hirematch platform. risk loss funds funds collected during the ico procedure are not insured. the event loss loss value, there private public insurance representative whom the buyer could address. crypto tokens, such (hire), are fairly new and relatively untested technology. addition the risks mentioned this document, there are additional risks that the hirematch team cannot predict. these risks may emerge other forms rather than those indicated here. integration disclaimer warranties you agree that your use inability use (hire) tokens solely your own risk and you remove all responsibility from hirematch since the date issue, (hire) tokens will sent you without warranty any kind, either express implied, including all implied warranties commercial value for particular purpose without violating anyone's intellectual property rights. some jurisdictions not allow the exclusion implied warranties, the above exclusion implied warranties may not apply you. hirematch: decentralized job employee recruitment platform references satoshi nakamoto. "bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system". in: (). vitalik buterin. next-generation smart contract and decentralized application platform. white paper". in: (.). haeringer, guillaume, and myrna wooders. "decentralized job matching." internatio nal journal game theory (): web. ammous, saif edean hisham. "blo ckchain technology: what good for?" ssrn electronic journal (n.d.): pag. web. "smart contracts and smart properties over blockchains." decentralized computing using blockchain technologies and smart contracts: emerging research and opportunities (n.d.): web. sunny king and sco nadal. "ppcoin: peer-to-peer crypto-currency proof-of -stake." in: ().