tep developer autonomous community powered blockchain developer autonomous community powered blockchain notice nothing this whitepaper constitutes legal, financial, business tax advice and you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s) before engaging any activity connection herewith. neither hitchain foundation limited (the foundation), any the project team members who have worked hitchian (as defined herein) project develop hitchain any way whatsoever (the hitchain team), nor any service provider shall liable for any kind direct indirect damage loss whatsoever which you may suffer connection with accessing this whitepaper, the website https://www.hitchain.org (the website) any other websites materials published the foundation. all contributions will applied towards the foundation's objects, including without limitation promoting the research, design and development of, and advocacy for brand new decentralized autonomous community based blockchain technology and open-source concept and framed with original core infrastructure technology and consensus mechanism. this whitepaper intended for general informational purposes only and does not constitute prospectus, offer document, offer securities, solicitation for investment, any offer sell any product, item asset (whether digital otherwise). the information herein below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. there assurance the accuracy completeness such information and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information. where this whitepaper includes information that has been obtained from third party sources, the foundation and/or the hitchain team have not independently verified the accuracy completion such information. further, you acknowledge that circumstances may change and that this whitepaper may become outdated result; and the foundation under obligation update correct this document connection therewith. this whitepaper does not constitute any offer the foundation and the hitchain team sell any hit (as defined herein) nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance hitchain. the agreement between the foundation and you, relation any sale and purchase hit governed only the separate terms and conditions such agreement. accessing this whitepaper any part thereof, you represent and warrant the foundation, its affiliates, and the hitchain team follows: (a) any decision purchase any hit, you have not relied any statement set out this whitepaper; (b) you will and shall your own expense ensure compliance with all laws, regulatory requirements and restrictions applicable you (as the case may be); (c) you acknowledge, understand and agree that hit may have value, there guarantee representation value liquidity for hit, and hit not for speculative investment; (d) none the foundation, its affiliates, and/or the hitchain team members shall responsible for liable for the value hit, the transferability and/or liquidity hit and/or the availability any market for hit through third parties otherwise; and (e) you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are not eligible purchase any hit you are citizen, national, resident (tax otherwise), domiciliary and/or green card holder geographic area country (i) where likely that the sale hit would construed the sale security (howsoever named) investment product and/or (ii) which access participation the hit token sale hitchain prohibited applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, administrative act, and/or (including without limitation the united states america, canada, new zealand, people's republic china and the republic korea). the foundation and the hitchain team not and not purport make, and hereby disclaims, all representations, warranties undertaking any entity person (including without limitation warranties the accuracy, completeness, timeliness reliability the contents this whitepaper any other materials published the foundation). hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain the maximum extent permitted law, the foundation and their related entities and service providers shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including, without limitation, any liability arising from default negligence the part any them, any loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data) arising from the use this whitepaper any other materials published, its contents otherwise arising connection with the same. prospective purchasers hit should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties (including financial and legal risks and uncertainties) associated with the hit token sale, the foundation and the hitchain team. the information set out this whitepaper for community discussion only and not legally binding. the agreement for sale and purchase hit and/or continued holding hit shall governed separate set terms and conditions token purchase agreement (as the case may be) setting out the terms such purchase and/or continued holding hit (the terms and conditions), which shall separately provided you made available the website. the event any inconsistencies between the terms and conditions and this whitepaper, the terms and conditions shall prevail. this only conceptual whitepaper describing the future development goals for hitchain developed. this whitepaper may amended replaced from time time. there are obligations update this whitepaper provide recipients with access any information beyond what provided this whitepaper. all statements contained this whitepaper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made the foundation and/or the hitchain team may constitute forward-looking statements (including statements regarding intent, belief current expectations with respect market conditions, business strategy and plans, financial condition, specific provisions and risk management practices). you are cautioned not place undue reliance these forward-looking statements given that these statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results materially different from that described such forward-looking statements, and independent third party has reviewed the reasonableness any such statements assumptions. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the date this whitepaper and the foundation and the hitchain team expressly disclaims any responsibility (whether express implied) release any revisions these forward-looking statements reflect events after such date. the use any company and/or platform names trademarks herein (save for those which relate the foundation its affiliates) does not imply any affiliation with, endorsement by, any third party. references this whitepaper specific companies and platforms are for illustrative purposes only. this whitepaper may translated into language other than english and the event conflict ambiguity between the english language version and translated versions this whitepaper, the english language version shall prevail. you acknowledge that you have read and understood the english language version this whitepaper. part this whitepaper copied, reproduced, distributed disseminated any way without the prior written consent the foundation. whitepaper hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community blockchain hitchain community announcement only years, the information technology revolution has profoundly changed the way work and live. wave upon wave productivity growth has been fueled technological breakthroughs brought forth the computer, software, internet, mobile internet, cloud computing, big data, iot and now the blockchain. are standing new ground, inter-connected world never experienced humans before. millions software developers and computer programmers around the world with billions lines source code are undoubtedly the biggest contributors these great advancements. while the code created these developers has benefited many, far too few developers have been able properly rewarded for their efforts. the initial capital investments required build software business have prevented many developers from being the true beneficiaries their own work. hitchain decentralized and collaborative community built value developers' works with transparent credit system using blockchain technology. community the developers, the developers, for the developers. hitchain provides platform for developers automatically redeem the value innovation and creativity with compensation (currency value) and privileges (currency right). the self -governed system will guarantee that each member has the responsibility and right participate community decisions. hitchain community and the platform runs will embrace autonomy, democracy, transparency and fairness without any third-party intermediaries centralized supervision. hitchain members will among the first developers recognize the full value their efforts. this white paper lays out summary the hitchain implementation plan and related algorithms. developers who have great faith our own kind, invite you join making this long-awaited dreamland full-fledged reality. hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain table contents table contents chapter background hitchain.................................................................................................... open-source goes mainstream......................................................................................................... issues open-source ecology............................................................................................................... hitchain proposal...................................................................................................................................... terminology .............................................................................................................................................. chapter hitchain vision and goals................................................................................................. hitchain vision........................................................................................................................................ hitchain goals........................................................................................................................................ chapter hitchain technical solutions.......................................................................................... system architecture.............................................................................................................................. hitchain blockchain network................................................................................................................ hybrid chains infrastructure ..................................................................................................... dag high concurrency asynchronous execution..................................................................... classified dynamic ledger technology..................................................................................... double consensus parallelism mechanism.............................................................................. isolation witness and smart contract....................................................................................... distributed hosting system based hit protocol............................................................................ ipfs decentralized storage structure........................................................................................ hit distributed hosting protocol................................................................................................ cross-chain authentication mechanism................................................................................... mstm (multi-task state machine)............................................................................................... hitchain applications............................................................................................................................. chapter hitchain economic model............................................................................................... cryptocurrency system.......................................................................................................................... value verification and distribution .................................................................................................... contribution incentive mechanism...................................................................................................... content incentive......................................................................................................................... community building incentive................................................................................................... developer value model......................................................................................................................... chapter hitchain strategic planning............................................................................................ community governance structure..................................................................................................... committee organization............................................................................................................ committee regulations.............................................................................................................. hitchain roadmap................................................................................................................................. chapter hitchain founding team and advisor team.............................................................. hitchain founding team...................................................................................................................... hitchain advisor team......................................................................................................................... chapter conclusion........................................................................................................................ hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter background hitchain open-source goes mainstream issues open-source ecology hitchain proposal terminology hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter chapter background hitchain background hitchain open-source goes mainstream the open-source software movement has democratized computing and greatly increased the speed technological innovation. the current global open-source network has become strategic engine promoting software development and commercial application. opensource developers are undoubtedly the driving force behind this unstoppable movement. github, the world's largest open-source development platform with million registered developers, hosts million repositories and over million open-source projects. open-source china (oschina), the largest open-source development platform china has over million registered developers and hosts over million repositories. million issues were submitted, and more than billion commits were made github globally addition veteran open-source contributors such ibm and google, more companies are adopting open-source. microsoft, whose ceo described linux 'cancer' now platinum member the linux foundation. every indication that open-source revolutionizing the software industry paradigm and leveling the playing field. issues open-source ecology open-source developers strive contribute and innovate their income has not yet been upgraded accordingly. developers are still the farthest end the value chain the tech industry the open-source business model brings the most dexterous and complex development and business practices available date. however, undeniable fact that the top the open-source ecological value chain has been dominated commercial and technology giants, and the vast majority hard-working developers are unable reap from their own contribution. this will have fundamental negative impact the fairness, justice, and efficiency open-source ecology. developer's intellectual property difficult effectively protected intellectual property protection has always been challenge the field technological innovation. many technology giants are struggling with intellectual property problems, not mention the average individuals. particularly the open-source code mainly hosted centralized platform like github. the git protocol can't guarantee that the version information not tampered with. brings tremendous risk both technically and administratively the version information the only evidence prove the true owner the software property. the current open-source platform centralized controlled current open-source platforms such github are centralized controlled and not built the open-source model. developers have neither say ownership the community. hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter background hitchain hitchain proposal currently open-source communities such github are focused facilitating developers' work providing tools space. these communities don't always represent the developer's interest they are profit driven enterprises representing the interests their investors and shareholders. therefore, propose the hitchain project, global autonomous community that the developers, the developers, for the developers. the term hitchain derives from git and blockchain. git the open source distributed revision control system authored linus torvalds. blockchain the open distributed legder invented satoshi nakamoto. with hitchain hope surpass github the largest open-source platform applying blockchain technology for more dynamic, democratic, and autonomous open-source ecosystem. terminology the main terms used this article are follows: blockchain git github blockchain decentralized distributed ledger system. based the cryptographic algorithm, consensus mechanism and timing mechanism, realizes the continuous data recording, real-time verification, hard-to-tamper, unmasking and other features every node the system, establishing set privacy, efficiency and security shared value system. git code version control system that widely used open-source developers. github gitbased internet code hosting platform that has grown into the world's largest open-source development community. hitchain hitchain blockchain technology based 'autonomous' community global developers, which 'of the developers, the developers, for the developers.' ipfs interplanetary file system (starframe), the next generation distributed storage and sharing network transport protocol. the current mature applications are distributed hash table, git system, bitcoin and on. hit protocol dag hit protocol combination git protocol and blockchain technology, aiming solve the bottleneck problem git protocol developer value measurement and exchange, code warehouse decentralization management, and on. directed acyclic graph, the next-generation blockchain technology block structure merkle tree tree structure that stores set hash values, widely used blockchain and ipfs systems. hitchain token (hit token) hitchain token (hit token) ethereum erc- based token circulating within the hitchain ecosystem. once hitchain online, erc- will exchanged hitchain token (hit token) one one ratio. hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter hitchain vision and goals hitchain vision hitchain goals hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter hitchain vision and goals chapter hitchain vision and goals hitchain vision hitchain open distributed autonomous organization (dao) the developers, the developers, for the developers. hitchain represents the ultimate interests developers with better solutions the challenges facing the current opensource community. hitchain provides intellectual property protection, capability and credit system, equality income distribution, and true communal ownership. should note that all participants users hitchain are regarded developers generalized way. developers include individual developers, tech consumers, well businesses and organizations. hitchain strives builds brand new decentralized autonomous community based blockchain technology. hitchain open-source concept framed with original core infrastructure technology and consensus mechanism. developers output will saved, shared, browsed, distributed, and paid for use under hitchain hosting agreements and hit protocols. every product will safeguarded with automatic copyright protection and quantified with cryptocurrency.everyone who contribute source code and use hitchain development platform community member hitchain, and there needs holding hit tokens become community member. ideal value developers' transparent credit system business value governance and developers' marketplace business value regulations system system decentralized network infrastructure chart hitchain's vision hitchain founding team members are from well-known technology companies, open-source organizations, and such redhat, google, apache fund, linux fund and oschina with strong technical and operational background. hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter hitchain vision and goals hitchain's goal the world's largest software development collaboration platform one hitchain's primary goals benefit global software developers. hitchain committed addressing the most fundamental issue fair and decentralized profit distribution. welcome all developers join and build hitchain regardless country origin, skill level and career goals. compared with github and other open-source platforms focusing getting job done, hitchain will more formalize fair profit distribution platform realize developers' intrinsic value. products saved decentralized form present, all major code hosting platforms for open-source projects around the world like github, are operated stand-alone entity, which subject technical failure and with scalability issues and posting potential risk over commercialization and monopoly. instead, hitchain will decentralized platform for software development and management solve the above problems with security, scalability, democracy and autonomy. automatic intellectual property protection present, the open-source communities manage development process and the results based version management system and issue tracking system, etc. intellectual property rights such developer code and documentation are also confirmed these systems. however, these systems are not tamper resistant, and some extreme cases the developer's originality may maliciously deprived of. instead hitchain decentralized and shared development and storage platform, developers' work will safeguarded from any unauthorized direct use which can spotted and stopped instantaneously. developer's comprehensive technical credit system hitchain, blockchain technology will applied establish authoritative, recognized and transparent competency appraisal and credit system collecting and managing developers' data. such appraisal system will greatly reduce the collaboration and transaction cost. monetization developers' works till today developers' income not matching their contribution they are kept the farthest end the centralized value chain. also, the default widely accepted appraisal and credit system, developers' tech capability can't measured quantitatively and bring matching monetary value. hitchain's solution the cryptocurrency protocol. cryptocurrency will rewarded developers based designated algorithm. developers' workload and quality work can directly assessed and converted into corresponding cryptocurrencies the pre-defined triggers from either development stages milestone (such being accepted, project maturity, etc.), public's attention (such praise, fork, reuse, subscriptions, etc.). therefore, transparent, open competency appraisal and credit system will established hitchain and developer's capability measured precisely and will converted monetary value. quite the opposite existing highly centralized income distribution controlled certain entity, hitchain ensures fairness, accountability, autonomy, and justice letting developers transact and earn algorithmic market freely. transaction history transparent and independent hitchain, supply and demand information symmetrical. the price and transactions are open and transparent. dispute any can traced back and reconciled. hitchain's transaction settlement system based blockchain technology jointly built all participators. taking open-source development activities example, each open-source project can recruit developers for support. such transactions can easily settled with hitchain cryptocurrency system without any third-party involvement with transparent pricing. autonomous community hitchain platform maintained and updated the all developers. all decisions needed for community operation, such development tool provide, operation regulation, reward system and transaction system will made members through public voting supervised committee. each member's voting power different based his competency appraisal and credit grade calculated underlining algorithm. hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter hitchain technical solutions system architecture hitchain blockchain network distributed hosting system based hit protocol hitchain applications hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter chapter hitchain technical solutions hitchain technical solutions system architecture order establish true community the developers, the developers, for the developers, there are several key issues that need addressed; free and efficient code development, automation and security intellectual property, code distribution protection, and fair and transparent trading developers' works. propose new code management protocol and code intellectual property identification system combining git protocol and blockchain technology build complete set solutions for decentralized code hosting, intellectual property protection, value measurement, service delivery and on. hitchain ecosystem structure chart hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter hitchain technical solutions the overall architecture hitchain includes four core components: hitchain currency infrastructure, hitchain community infrastructure, hitchain development and trading community, and hitchain applications: hitchain cryptocurrency infrastructure mainly based blockchain technology, hitchain currency infrastructure provides basic technical support for the operation including ledgers, isolation testimonials, consensus mechanisms and smart contracts. hitchain infrastructure hitchain community infrastructure provide key services including the hit code management protocol, distributed code hosting services, and code authentication services, etc. hitchain development and trading community hitchain development community mainly for software development based while hitchain trading community for software transactions. software development community mainly composed open-source developers while code trading community composed code developers and code consumers. hitchain applications hitchain applications provides comprehensive applications facilitate code development, deployment and transaction. hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter hitchain technical solutions hitchain blockchain network hitchain blockchain for software code development, hosting, and transactional activities providing runtime support for the hitchain community. the main components and services involved include hybrid shards, ledgers, consensus mechanisms, isolation witness, and smart contracts. hybrid chains infrastructure the blockchain architecture represented bitcoin and ethereum facing scalability issues and slow response problems. hitchain will build top the blockchain public chain with high frequency concurrent, zero-latency responses complemented with hit distributed hosting system avoid such problems. hitchain uses hybrid sharding chain technology, organically combining the public chain and shard chain (logical sub-chain) form hybrid chain infrastructure. hitchain will keep small amount the core content transaction records the public chain, major information such the history witness, consensus records, business transactions and other transaction details will stored independent space. standardized cross-chain communication protocol, hitchain will seamlessly exchange data between the public chain and fragmented chains. hash indexing technology can effectively guarantee the mapping and unique authority data. dag high concurrency asynchronous execution hitchain's double-chain parallelism technology can not only verify the integrity the main chain, but also maintain flexibility the sharding chain. the main chain the traditional chained structure, while the shard chain the dag data structure. dag the directed acyclic graph data structure. consists set vertices and directed edges. each edge connects different vertices that there possibility loopback between the vertices. through the witness mechanism, dag can quickly find the relevant shortest path improve transaction validation efficiency and concurrency performance. long one transaction the shard chain meets the definition the main chain rules, can quickly considered valid transaction. addition decentralized tamper-resistant distributed ledger, dag blockchain technology supports high concurrency and prevents the "double spending" problem when combined with double consensus mechanism and workload proof consensus algorithm. hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter hitchain technical solutions classified dynamic ledger technology distributed ledgers are core component the blockchain and play key role the integrity and transparency all types information and transactions. support the process code development and activities such software coding, hosting, distribution, sharing and trading hitchain will include transaction ledger, storage cluster management ledger, and code management ledger. transaction ledger transaction ledge mainly used record code and storage transaction details which tamper-resistant. storage cluster management ledger storage cluster management ledger used record storage sharing information, cluster node distribution information, storage space size information related storage cluster changes, etc. code management ledger code management ledger, combined with the hit protocol, used record version changes, code submission, code download, comments and other information. double consensus parallelism mechanism order ensure the consistency distributed ledgers, there are five major types consensus mechanisms current blockchain applications: pow, pos, dpos, pool, pbft. among them, the most representative methods are pow (proof work) and pos (proof stake), which are also applied bitcoin and ethereum respectively. however, the limitations these methods are inherent. for example, pow needs consume large number computing resources reach consensus form new block, and these computing tasks rely solving complex problems cryptography, thus difficult form effective computing power. hitchain's hybrid chain applies dual consensus mechanism the public chain and the shard (dual consensus pbft and dpos). the public chain, use the practical byzantine fault tolerance (pbft) algorithm maintain the legitimacy underlying transactions. the pbft consensus provides (n-) fault tolerance the premise ensuring flexibility and security. uses encryption prevent spoofing and replay attacks and detect corrupted messages. each message contains post-quantum public key signature hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter hitchain technical solutions (rsa algorithm), message authentication code (mac), collision-free hash function generated message digest (message sage) and on. the dpos consensus mechanism will used the shard chain validate the management the hit code hosting business layer. dpos completes the transaction confirmation voting the super node the election, which can significantly increase the transaction concurrency and confirmation speed. with the certificate signed trusted accountant, dpos eliminates the transaction verification time and enables hitchain users quickly submit business requests with less transaction costs. isolation witness and smart contract order ensure the efficiency and security, hitchain will use lightweight isolated data structure the bottom layer, which will store and transmit different data based demand. this structure will include recording trading status, legal trading witness status, and other specific status information hitchain for the purpose extending blockchain functionality. the delivery process, users different roles can selectively operate the selected data. therefore, isolation mode greatly reduces the load pressure storage and communication relative full block design structure. based the segregation data structures, hitchain's business scenario will use smart contracts support various types user-defined business activities such project crowdsourcing, code copyright transactions, and community public events such policy referendums and brainstorming. the organic combination smart contracts and isolation models ensures that every piece information data exchanged demand and per-authorization basis increase the efficiency and credibility hitchain operation. hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter hitchain technical solutions distributed hosting system based hit protocol ipfs decentralized storage structure traditional centralized storage has bottlenecks access performance and issues reliability and security. hitchain will build decentralized distributed storage system based blockchain technology. users earn providing and sharing storage others and are motivated provide more. the protocol weaves these amassed resources into self-healing network host software code more efficient, secure and inexpensive way. sharing and trading storage installing the hitchain application, users are free share storage pcs, mobile phones, and other storage-enabled devices the hitchain distributed storage network storage node the network. hitchain records the storage-related information including share timestamp, storage node identifier, storage size, etc. storage management ledger. when this storage space used other users, the shared storage will priced according the evaluation rules and consensus algorithms, and hitchain token incentive will given the provider accordingly. ipfs interplanetary file system decentralized storage networks feature large redundant storage spaces. ipsf technology applied store data different nodes for file cutting, mapping, and dealing with redundant storage. next-generation file network transmission system, ipfs nodes the ipfs network form distributed file system through content-addressable peer-to-peer hypermedia distribution protocol, which makes the network faster, safer and more open. all ipfs objects form encrypted authentication data structure called the merkle dag. ipfs object data structure that contains two fields: data unstructured binary data, less than links array link data structures. ipfs objects link ipfs has the following features: searching based content rather than the domain name; providing file version the historical version the controller, allowing multiple nodes save different versions the same file. ipfs running the blockchain can store the hash the hit file table. cryptocurrency becomes important system coordinate resource sharers and users. when ipfs stores data files, divides large files into small blocks, maps their contents, and stores the corresponding hash values multiple backup nodes multiple storage nodes. the relationship between the subblock and its storage location recorded the storage management ledger. when the data file downloaded, the file splitting and storage location information are searched the ledger. then small blocks are retrieved from multiple servers parallel, and finally the whole file aggregated and reconstructed. storage location selection strategy file block storage needs determine the number each block backup and storage location order achieve the best storage and access efficiency. the basic strategy data files storage the optimal storage the global view. multi-iteration storage scheme with multiple backups designed around storage request initiator node and subsequent file storage block nodes. the initial block storage, use the principle the fastest arrival ensure the rapid storage the initial data. the process transmission and storage the follow-up backup block, use the principle the furthest distance ensure that follow-up file download can achieve fastest download speed the global perspective. hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter hitchain technical solutions hit distributed hosting protocol git currently the most widely used code management protocol for software development. major development communities like github, gitlab and oschina are all based git protocol. but, has inherent weaknesses such large file support and slow access large-scale small files. hitchain's goal overcome the limitation git protocol upgrading new hit protocol which combines blockchain technology for more efficient large-scale, distributed software management and service worldwide. merkel tree file processing effective fragmentation file management solution. before the hit protocol downloaded, the merkle root the file obtained from trusted source, and the merkle tree can obtained from untrusted sources. once the root has been obtained. hitchain will check the received merkle tree with trusted tree root. the merkle tree corrupted fake, hitchain will get another merkle tree from another source until merkle tree that matches the trusted root received. vsvs high concurrent code authentication decentralized transparent transaction strong social function incentive mechanism zero platform intermediary fee encryption digital identity authentication artificial intelligence capability appraisal file storage optimization reliable code transmission multi-granularity detection control ...... decentralization storage sharing incentives mechanism developer autonomous community income distribution project hosting trusted transaction business area project hosting focus project development support for basic social function weak social function identity open-source and credit reward managementh mtsm hit protocol value system tool support git business model git agreement free open-source identity management developers difficult get paid private hosting expensive transfer protocol not secure file processing inefficient rewarding system distribution democracy and voting storage solution management mode centralized centralized proprietary services shareholder and investors centered single point failure scalability weak security developers not involves community decision-making revenue vested github, not much profit sharing for developers comparison between hitchain and github hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter hitchain technical solutions file storage optimization software development files consist large binary files including jar package, design resource base, sdks and large number small code files. requires protocol effectively store and clean large files well read large number small files instantaneously. the hit protocol will build code management ledger based blockchain technology and address the above requirements distributed storage platform. file segmentation algorithm will adopted efficiently split large files into suitable size then submit them the distributed storage platform. for the optimization reading large number small files, the redundancy the distributed file block will improve the efficiency querying and downloading via parallel downloads. multi-granularity detection control the git protection mechanism mainly used for specific version entire repository. difficult adjust the access different files based different access rules. hit protocol reconstructs files from different authorization levels based files' relationship achieve multiple granularity access with single file the minimum checkout unit. when submitting storage, hit will record the relationship files and file permission information the code management ledger. during the check-out, the file storage location and the relationship the files are obtained, and then each file that meets the permission requirements downloaded and the folder hierarchy reconstructed according the multiple granularity permission rules. reliable transmission code files distributed storage platform, hitchain can store and manage the code data and split and store the data files enable reliable data transmission including the resuming from breaking point. after resuming from interruptions during the code file download and transmission, the entire data file does not need downloaded again and only the incomplete part will downloaded blocks. the specific process follows: first, the files are opened and downloaded after splitting into blocks. the hash values the file contents mapping performed determine whether the file has been completely downloaded. the hash value exactly the same the pre-stored hash value, indicates that the block has been completely downloaded successfully. otherwise, indicates that the sub-block not completely downloaded, that case, the sub-block cleared and new downloading begins. after all the partitions have been downloaded, hit will reconstruct blocks into the original data file. hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter hitchain technical solutions cross-chain authentication mechanism hitchain's cross-chain authentication mechanism includes user identity management and copyright identification order achieve continuous and effective code copyright protection. user identity management each developer the hitchain community corresponds unique identifier that tracks the developer's activities the community, such community discussions, transactions, code creation, and more. the developer identity information also important basis for protecting the originality developers' works for proof against infringement. the hitchain community, developers can also form small groups common interests goals. when creating group, the developers negotiate the group management model with rights and interests settings. details include whether new members need join via invitation, whether the members the community can share resources freely, etc. copyright identification hitchain generates ecc (encrypt copyright certificate) for original code submitted the developer its unique markup. ecc will used effectively support code authentication, authorization, rights protection, and other services. the ecc certificate contains the following information: code summary fixed-length hash each piece code code summary. hash functions are input-sensitive, which ensures that different pieces code are hard map the same code summary value. code author user account information the hitchain community used mark the author the code, and the code has been used another developers' code, the ecc the code being used also included. creation time utc timestamp ensures the authenticity and reliability the copyright registration time. developers who first make the code and apply obtain the copyright for the code. code authorization the owner specifies how other developers can use original code, including authorization policies and specific implementations. both parties automatically fulfill the license agreement under smart contract, and the effect the agreement fulfillment accepted and guaranteed the community. eccs are stored the blockchain guarantee openness, integrity, and traceability. any developer can view code copyrights the hitchain community any time, but the content cannot tampered with. depending the code authorization record contains, developers can also restore complete code usage (authorization) path. before generating the ecc, submitted code analyzed and modeled natural language processing and abstract syntax tree. this analysis extracts the functional code (such file read and database access) and business logic code. hitchain performs multi-dimension comparison with the registered copyright code and determines whether there infringement the submitted code. hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter hitchain technical solutions mtsm(multi-task state machine) mtsm (multi-task state machine) hitchain's multitasking parallel state machine technology, its core mission safeguard the code security the open-source management code system, authentication services, hit network security, etc. mtsm runs parallel with the hitchain system monitor hitchain system security real time and ensures the legitimacy hit network data input and output while providing source code authentication services. the mtsm performs the following three tasks. code security management the mtsm uses malicious code detection mechanism based positive selection classification algorithm monitor the hit fragmented code base real time the background. after the code input, the mtsm converts the sample file into hexadecimal format, extracts all the n-grams the sample file, calculates n-gram terms with the maximum information gain, and then normalizes them. the algorithm optimizes the classifier training process, which better than naive bayes and bayesian network algorithms, supporting vector machine and decision tree algorithms. code authentication service mtsm scans the chain code base real-time, using backpropagation feed artificial neural network (ann) looking for code similarities the chain. using the submitted code input vector the neural network can identify similarities the code using non-linear mapping between input and output give code authentication advice decisions. security sandbox monitoring mtsm can effectively analyze the active characteristics the nodes and the legitimacy the transaction records detecting the transaction records such the time-lapse chain accounts and the nodes the chain. when transaction records illegal malicious node, the mtsm state machine will use event-driven mechanism notify the consensus node promptly remove the illegal ledger (except the ledger that cannot tampered with) and remove the malicious spoofing node from the network. hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter hitchain technical solutions hitchain applications hitchain offers range client applications that developers can quickly and easily participate community activities. online community platform hitchain's online community platform supports three types activities: community operations, asset management, and user interaction. the specific content each follows: community operations open and transparent community important for hitchain grow autonomous autonomous community. all community matters will governed community committees. the community affairs are published, and developers' opinions and suggestions are collected through online platform. asset management developers can manage their personal assets and trade with other developers online. developers need personal authentication before using asset services ensure the authenticity and security their asset accounts. safe and reliable asset service protects the legitimate rights and interests developers. user interaction with the online platform, developers can engage series interactive activities such providing solutions novel and complex tasks the form crowdfunding and bounties. rich user interaction channel effective method utilize developer's talent collaborative way. resource sharing management system hitchain stores the developer's source code distributed manner throughout the network. willing developers contribute their local computing resources the resource sharing management system. the system provides graphical and command-line management tools assist developers with configuring shared space and shared bandwidth. hit client developers will use the hit client complete code submission, synchronization, and other operations. hit, based git development, major improvement and upgrade the git protocol designed git user-friendly protocol compatible with most the commands the git protocol and allowing git users adopt hit without requiring additional training. hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter hitchain economic model cryptocurrency system value verification and distribution contribution incentive mechanism developer value model hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter chapter hitchain economic model hitchain economic model hitchain global ecosystem open-source applications based open-source philosophy and blockchain technology, which the developers, the developers, for the developers. hitchain's economic model includes three major value transfer scenarios: reward for sharing idle computing resources, public reward for community contributions, and transactions involving developers' works. the first two are the main approach obtain cryptocurrency, and the last one the main marketplace cryptocurrency circulation. cryptocurrency system hitchain, participants users are defined developers generally. they actually are software developers, miners, open-source software users, open-source application services agencies, certification authorities, third-party component developers, education and research institutions, business partners and more. the hitchain system, all community participants are decentralized co-hosts and co-governors who work together for code hosting, copyright management, crowdfunding, paid use, basic network construction, resource sharing and per hitchain's framework. resource trade reward copyright authorization code hosting mining reward hit coin gas coin advanced service voting right ....... ....... hitchain's monetary system and circulation scenarios the cryptocurrency the core coordination mechanism. hitchain uses dual token system: basic token and fuel token. the base token used the following scenarios: trade pay for hitchain operating expenses including code hosting, copyright management, crowdfunding rewards, paid use and on. copyright authorization voting right fund the transfer copyrights and intellectual property. weighted voting rights. code hosting when fuel tokens are not enough pay, basic tokens are automatically converted into fuel tokens ensure the deal completed. hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter hitchain economic model fuel tokens are used the following scenarios: mining reward miners provide the basic network infrastructure and the cost the transaction ledger resource reward fees charged resource sharers. advanced service fees for advanced service important note that before the launch hitchain, the erc- token hit based ethereum will used for rewards and operations. once hitchain online, erc- will exchanged for hitchain token (hit) one one ratio. value verification and distribution hitchain adopts decentralized approach distributed computing therefore encourages users share storage space like cpu gpu computing resources and network bandwidth build robust network infrastructure. the community will reward resource contributors the rule "contributing early returns early and more contributions provide more returns". for certain amounts computing resources, the earlier contributor will get more returns than the late comer. similarly, terms contribution value, the higher the scarcity contribution resources and the greater the number resources, the higher rewards. specifically, the reward formula for certain resource (such storage space) contributed certain contributor time (as january follows: among them, and are the revenue reconciliation factors, which are used weigh the proportion between the time dimension and the value dimension. tinit indicates that the community open the ratio time tcon (tinit) resource contribution time (tcon), which are used ensure that the earlier participants share the re- rcon source, the higher the reward is. rtotal represents the ratio resource contribution rcon the total amount community idle resources rtotal, used ensure the larger the participation resource sharing is, the higher the reward is. the coefficient the importance such resource the calculation the current overall community behavior. for example, for programmer who needs submit specific behavior uploading lines code, let's assume that need storage and bandwidth, and the current free space the community and upstream bandwidth. then for this scenario, the urgency storage space much less than bandwidth the contributors the bandwidth will earn more than contributors storage space. coefficients are calculated from global perspective based the results monitoring and analysis all transactions particular phase the community and are subject change the community evolves. hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter hitchain economic model contribution incentive mechanism hitchain aims creating autonomous community the developers, the developers, for the developers. the community will reward members who make contributions bringing promising software projects and valuable ideas the community. content incentive good software projects are the cornerstone open-source community. after decades roaring development, tens thousands software products are the market with varying levels quality. order attract premium software projects hitchain, rewards will given based the five-dimension assessment: popularity, project maturity, code health, development team, and project development trend. the five dimensions are shown the following table. measurement dimension popularity metrics total download the number software downloads major hosting communities reuse numbers the number other projects that rely this specific software user trending project maturity maintenance period attention received debug speed bug fix rate code health static code quality team size team health personnel growth continuous contribution project development trend metrics description commits activity user trending software major knowledge sharing communities, related technical introduction, and training materials. years maintenance from inception migration number fork star watch the average debug time bug fix rate analysis metrics for static code quality checking tools that cover vulnerability risk, complexity, code style, annotation rate, etc. numbers contributors the percentage new contributors the current period the percentage contributors who contributed the current time period from the previous time period increase commits task increase increase project tasks attention trend numbers new follows hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter hitchain economic model based the above five dimensions quantitative assessment, can measure the quality the migrated items through the subspace below the -space surface after normalization. the corresponding reward calculation method follows, where f(xp) the surface function the project migrated, xpx concrete measure for each dimension. since difficult clearly illustrate the above ideas high-dimensional space, briefly describe the basic idea this method with two dimensions, namely code health and team health. suppose have two projects and migrated, where has code health team health project code health and team health two-dimensional space, can expressed coordinates (.,.), coordinates (.,.), after drawing that surface function can expressed blue plane, red plane. therefore, the quality the value corresponding the blue plane area. the quality the project the value corresponding the red plane area, that is, the quality the two projects quantified. similarly, high-dimensional space, the quality the project can correspond the volume under the surface, and the specific quantitative values can obtained double integral. code health (.,.) (.,.) team health software project evaluation model community building incentive hitchain encourages members express their opinions how build democratic and open community. return the community will reward members with the digital currency. the community will conduct multiple rounds screening the opinions collected all members and evaluate each for feasibility and effectiveness. finally, hitchain will reward the best opinions based the actual effect. the calculation for reward follows: where the observation window the practical application the opinion, for example, the community may stipulate that its effect observed period one month three months. the value the observed observations during the t-th observation window. for example, communities have improved their platform services appeal users due the opinion developers. the community designates unit token for the comment provider for every new user added, the number new users added during observation period the total benefit that the opinion has achieved during the observation period. the program will enable those whose opinions produce long-term benefit receive more reward. hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter hitchain economic model developer value model developers can conduct transactions hitchain. common trading scenarios are follows: code transaction when developer wants use someone else's original code, they need accept the license agreement and pay for it. there are two alternative strategies for code authorization: (a) pay then use (ptu), which allows the buyer pay the hit required the owner once. after the payment completed, the buyer ceases have any obligation the owner for use the code. (b) earn then pay (etp), the buyer only pays hit the owner after the buyer makes profit from the code purchased. mission reward when developers encounter difficulty, they can post mission rewards. the bounty hunter who provides the solution will receive appropriate reward based two rules. first, one winner either handpicked the task publisher determined the platform the best solution through multidimensional assessment will take all the reward. second, the reward will shared all users who provide the right solution. each winner will get bonus share where the total bonus amount, the number winners, the sooner the correct solution provided, the more rewards will earned. consultation service developers can also consult with experts and pay the price set the expert. because each developer's capabilities and charges are open and transparent, users can make the most economical choices based actual need. social interaction hitchain, developers can conduct series social interactions. for example, when developer broadcasts the code the platform directly, the viewer can offer reward freely. information subscription keep the latest developments related fields, developers can subscribe the updates from interested developers and get notifications regarding online and offline tech lectures meetings. creative crowdfunding interested users can invest money technology through crowdfunding hitchain. these inputs are recorded the blockchain transparently protect investors' interest. project collaboration hitchain provides decentralized collaborative project solution that makes easy for open-source projects. any community user who reaches certain level reputation can become project sponsor and call community developers join and give incentives them. hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter hitchain strategic planning community governance structure hitchain roadmap hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter chapter hitchain strategic planning hitchain strategic planning community governance structure hitchain will set community governance committees ensure the community's sustainable development. the committees are elected all community members and act behalf all community members. committee organization shown the figure below, there decision-making committee and various affiliated functional committees. the decision-making committee oversees the community large while the functional committees are charge specified fields. decision-making committee oversees the community technical committee market committee risk control committee advisory committee responsible for the development, testing, and deployment the platform and systems responsible for community marketing, advertisement responsible for risk assessment, policy stipulation responsible for giving independent advice and formulating strategic plans for the community hitchain commitee governance structure committee regulations hitchain sets the rules for community committees ensure that they truly serve the community. community committees will serve more organizers than policymakers and use fair and transparent mechanisms safeguard the community's autonomy. personnel appointments and dismissals the first committee consists the founding team hitchain, open-source and blockchain experts, key investors, and consultants. follow-up bids will made every two years for new term. members the next committee will elected the community through voting. the members the committee are eligible for re-election. the members the previous committee have the right nominate candidates for the next committee. during the non-commission election period, vacancies will replaced users nominated the committee and voted the community. member the committee commits any illegal activities during the tenure, they will dismissed the spot and permanently banned from re-entry any level. members the committee fail fulfill their duties make serious mistakes during their term, they may dismissed upon the proposal other committee members and vote the community. dismissed committee member retain their right re-enter the committee through voting for future terms. hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter hitchain strategic planning voting system all members the hitchain community have voting rights. polls initiated community committees and any proposals require least half valid votes pass. each member's voting power different based his competency appraisal and credit grade calculated underlining algorithm. hitchain roadmap continuous investment community and optimization hitchain public chain online hit protocol first release hitchain community online launch development and token sale hitchain team set strategic development roadmap hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter hitchain founding team and advisor team hitchain founding team hitchain advisor team hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter hitchain founding team and advisor team hitchain founding team jiang (australia) leon (hong kong) chairman and director hitchain foundation; cto microsoft china. has held the post global senior technology management for long-term. has deep insight and extensive network contacts the international industry. has profound accumulation field blockchain, cloud computing and open-source ecology and deep understanding blockchain application and its value. responsible for the overall operation and strategy hitchain, and for promoting hitchain community and hit protocol, attracting global developers build developer autonomous community which can surpass github. director hitchain foundation, open-source expert intel, first rhca certified architect greater china area. served technical positions many global soft companies. will leading the construction open-source system the hitchain team. khee joo tan (singapore) jerry (china) director hitchain foundation, farmer tibco cto apac. served technology executives lots transnational soft corporations. has over years working experience apac software industry. responsible for international promotion and business development the hitchain team. git protocol expert; former cdo gitee oschina. has over years experience research, development and management products. responsible for the development and management git protocol and framework and design code hosting platform and will engage promotion and operation community. thomas tan(u.s.) zhao chen (china) data scientist; ph.d. computer science software engineering university southern california. currently serves distribute storage expert branch ibm l.a. will responsible for the development ipfs-based code distributed storage protocol the hitchain team. senior open source technology architect. has served the chief architect foreveross. has years r&d experience for large enterprise applications and utilizing open source. responsible for the technical work the distributed architecture the hitchain code hosting system. nick ma(japan) core contributor and maintainer openstack foundation; chief cloud architect telexistence inc (japan). responsible for the framework, key module research, and development the hitchain team. hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain hitchain advisor team jia tian david chief scientist cortexlabs.ai, early adopter and longtime supporter bitcoin since majors distributed systems and acquired bs/ms degree from dept. cs&t, tsinghua university. tian served chief scientist the first bitcoin fund china, bitfund and was early supporter zerocoin upon its incarnation since which later became zcash and tian joined the zcash voting committee. also invested bitfinex shareholder. tian also serial entrepreneur. system architect, joined multiple startups which became was sold giants later their field such shenma inc. currently the managing partner the financial services consulting department and the performance improvement financial services ernst young greater china. has more than years working experience investment, financial management consulting and implementation services. zhongyang chen professor and doctor tutor the school finance renmin university china; senior researcher the chongyang institute finance; fulbright scholar the united states state department; famous expert the field finance and risk management and policy researching specialist. zhongxing chief scientist code guardian. doctor engineering chinese academy sciences. one the first people china participate the research and development the world's top open-source basic software projects. famous developer international opensource field. haobo founder aelf, expert blockchain industry, early practitioner field digital asset. served cto gempay and cto allcoin. the current member blockchain experts committee the chinese institute electronics and blockchain experts committee china computer federation. binsheng wang distinguished professor graduate school chinese academy social sciences; doctor economic; consultant organization blockchain associations for development; early investor digital asset; disseminator idea blockchain. hitchain whitepaper developer autonomous community powered blockchain chapter chapter conclusion conclusion hitchain will offer global decentralized, transparent and autonomous collaboration platform based blockchain technology. this natural evolution the open-source philosophy and upgrade existing tools and protocols. overthrowing the long-standing centralized and hierarchal structures software production and distribution developers will empowered own more their own work and efforts. hitchain only platform catalyst, the real value will come from the thousands incredible software projects built, managed, sold, and traded the hitchain. hitchain whitepaper