hive project whitepaper june table contents abstract introduction concept financing constraints and factoring invoice verification issue non-transparent and outdated financials financial data format core calculations opportunity qualification and risk assessment performance altman score: analysis industry sector calculation formula risk scoring example enhanced hive risk assessment using for predictive behavioral credit scoring technology smart contracts smart oracles additional architectural components smart contract structure lifecycle hive ecosystem hive process model product roadmap hive (hvn) token functionality reference abstract with the emergence blockchain technology and smart contracts, businesses longer have rely centralized intermediaries when making transactions obtaining financing. the level transparency provided not dependent the integrity the counterparty being dealt with--total integrity and immutability guaranteed the blockchain technology used the system itself. the hive platform lets businesses connect, encrypt and upload received and issued invoices, which can then either traded and/or used build transparent financial track record. existing market opportunity invoice financing, audits and credit scoring usd trillion and constantly growing. introduction invoice financing general term used asset based lending for products which allow companies get finance for their slow-paying accounts receivable. once buyer receives goods, buyer has days pay for them. but there any way that the seller can get their funds faster? well, this can achieved selling invoices factoring company. exchange for immediate payment seller the invoice pays interest rate lender (buyer the invoice) factoring company. and factoring company collect final payment days, profiting from the initial fee interest rate. but why companies need their invoices paid faster? for cash flow reasons. they need funds order buy materials, pay for the production goods even pay their employees' salaries order continue operation and not wait sitting for days until final payment. this called invoice factoring. invoice factoring form invoice financing that allows companies sell their accounts receivable improve their working capital. this type financing provides business with immediate funds and liquidity they need for continuous operation. factoring easier obtain than conventional financing because you are technically selling liquid asset rather than getting loan. the most important criterion fulfil that the invoices submitted are from creditworthy commercial clients. this makes factoring the perfect solution for smes that not have substantial assets long credit history. invoice financing can structured number ways, most commonly factoring discounting. with factoring, the company sells its outstanding invoices lender, who might pay the company what the invoices are worth, front. assuming the lender receives full payment for the invoices, will then remit the remaining the invoice amounts the business. this whole process involves lot manual work. involves manually checking invoices were submitted creditworthy commercial clients, those clients agree with factoring the invoice, they confirm that goods services were are really delivered, etc. and all this needs confirmed written and signed agreements. this whole process costly and time consuming which prevents smes utilize factoring for smaller amounts. also some the bigger clines (for example food stores and chains) default disallow transfer invoices parties order reduce their manual work increase and reduce risk paying into wrong account. and this precisely the gap that the hive project looking fill. through hive, entirely new market opened which provides liquidity smes that are not able get invoice factoring from traditional institutions. put simply, it's game changer for the industry. concept hive (hvn) uses ethereum blockchain (distributed ledger) technology and smart contract assign unique fingerprint every invoice issued tokenizing invoices and publishing them blockchain. this makes possible for businesses automate their invoicing process and take advantage factoring services. hive serves decentralized data room for all invoices submitted, each which has unique record for the issuer, owner and payer. these invoices can therefore made available shared source liquidity for factoring and invoice financing. furthermore, businesses can take advantage the cryptographically secure nature the hive blockchain network upload all their financial documentation. access detailed financial data about specific company invoice can granted only the company itself the recipient the invoice. this enables real time auditing conducted, improves the credit scoring process, expedites credit approvals, etc. hive end-to-end platform that will give smes easy access short-term financing turning their accounts receivables into tradable assets. this achieved tokenizing and publishing each invoice blockchain secure matter, creating whole new source financing the process. new meta-market will created, where factoring firm, banks, investment funds, insurance companies, lenders and private investors can provide liquidity accordance with their specific criteria and expected returns. apart from the network itself, micro-factoring pool will created which enables smes gain immediate access liquidity selling their invoices the fund. proven risk algorithm enhanced with proprietary blockchain algorithmic credit scoring will used perform checks the company's financial status for the claim selection process. the risk algorithm used scores each company the basis its financial and transactional history well other blockchain parameters. those companies with healthy credit history will earn benefits, and incentives are available when they choose store their financials securely the block chain. algorithm based companies xbrl data and risk scoring results. financing constraints and factoring smes have limited access short-term (working capital) financing, banks demand significant collateral and large amounts documentation when approving finance. this huge funding gap for small and medium-sized enterprises worldwide which has fuelled the global factoring industry's growth per annum. current estimated invoice factoring market estimated trillion opportunity. global factoring surpassed eur trillion annual volume, increase over since the start the financial crisis factoring the united states and the rest the world has been growing rate and per annum respectively, adding over one trillion euros annual factoring volume. the industry practically doubled size during this period, substantial feat considering the modern era factoring began only century ago. smes are clear disadvantage when dealing with capital market terms credit rationing and finance gaps. these gaps financing have driven the need for alternative sources financing, such factoring, even though service providers may charge the receivables commission. rates generally range from for days and for days. this course all depends the interest rate environment, debtor rating and the industry concerned. however, when applying fee factoring industry valued usd trillion and rising, global factoring revenues would come approx. usd billion per annum. invoice verification issue invoice verification crucial tool for preventing fraud factoring transactions. well making the factoring process more secure, also speeds the payment process. contractor supplier can commit fraud knowingly submitting false, inflated duplicate invoices with the intent defraud, either acting alone collusion with contracting personnel the result corruption. invoice verification important part the factoring process and demands time and resources for the factoring firm. verification correctness submitted invoices includes many steps such as: confirmation that invoiced services were delivered claimed, inspection and confirmation that the quantity and quality the invoiced goods were delivered claimed, inspection the works and materials confirm that they met the specifications invoiced, etc. hive blockchain implementation with erp connectors enable automation all processes involved checking validity submitted invoices. history submitted invoices public blockchain enable surther automated assessment validity and associated risk. non-transparent and outdated financials there real incentive for companies reveal their live financials the public. common place for the financial reports posted for smaller companies outdated over half year and they not really reveal enough quality data obtain accurate appraisal the company's financial health. with hive, this data all factored into the risk premium when the creditor assesses the term sheet for financing (maturity, interest rate, annuity, collateral required, etc.). financial data format are planning use xbrl for presenting financial data before tokenization happens. xbrl the open international standard for digital business reporting. xbrl used around the world, more than countries. millions xbrl documents are created every year, replacing older, paper-based reports with more useful, more effective and more accurate digital versions. nutshell, xbrl provides language which reporting terms can authoritatively defined. those terms can then used uniquely represent the contents financial statements other kinds compliance, performance and business reports. xbrl lets reporting information move accurately and tokenized the blockchain. xbrl often called "bar codes for reporting", makes reporting more accurate and more efficient. allows unique tags associated with reported facts, allowing: companies publishing reports with confidence that the information contained them can consumed and analyzed accurately lenders consuming reports analyze the potential investment opportunities companies consuming the information confident that the data provided them conforms set sophisticated pre-defined definitions comprehensive definitions and accurate data tags allow the: preparation validation publication exchange consumption; and risk and performance analysis business information. enable the exchange summary business reports, like financial statements, and risk and performance reports, xbrl has the capability allow the tagging transactions that can themselves aggregated into xbrl reports. these transactional capabilities allow system-independent exchange and analysis significant quantities supporting data and can the key transforming financial reporting. core calculations hive platform uses two core calculations for helping investor evaluating investment opportunity. these two calculations are: opportunity qualification and risk assessment predictive behavior credit scoring with artificial intelligence opportunity qualification and risk assessment order provide lender with risk factoring information are using altman z-score calculation formula. the altman z-score the output credit-strength test that gauges publicly traded manufacturing company's likelihood bankruptcy. the altman z-score based five financial ratios that can calculated from data found company's annual report. uses profitability, leverage, liquidity, solvency and activity predict whether company has high degree probability being insolvent. the original formula follows: score .x! .x! .x! .x! .x! where have: working capital total assets retained earnings total assets earnings before interests and taxes total assets market value equity total liabilities sales total assets new york university stern finance professor edward altman, published the altman z-score formula addition that altman released updated version called the altman z-score plus that can used evaluate public and private companies, manufacturing and nonmanufacturing companies, and u.s. and non-u.s. companies. are using altman z-score plus formula evaluate corporate credit risk. performance the credit ratings specific asset-related securities had been rated higher than they should have been. the altman z-score indicated that the companies' risks were increasing significantly and may have been heading for bankruptcy. altman calculated that the median altman z-score companies was these companies' credit ratings were equivalent this indicated that the firms should have been rated lower, and they were highly distressed and had high probability becoming bankrupt. altman's calculations led him believe that crisis would occur and there would meltdown the credit market. altman believed the crisis would stem from corporate defaults, but the meltdown began with mortgage-backed securities (mbs). however, corporations soon defaulted the second-highest rate history. altman score: analysis general analysis, the lower the z-score, the higher risk bankruptcy company has, and vice visa. different models have different overall predictability scoring. probabilities bankruptcy the above ranges are for one year and within two years. original z-score for public manufacturing companies: z-score above below forecast bankruptcy not likely bankruptcy can not predicted-gray area bankruptcy likely model z-score for private manufacturing companies: z-score above below forecast bankruptcy not likely bankruptcy cannot predicted-gray area bankruptcy likely model z-score for private general companies: z-score above below forecast bankruptcy not likely bankruptcy cannot predicted-gray area bankruptcy likely industry sector calculation formula additionally original model that good for manufacturing sector are using following models for respective industry sectors: model z-score for private manufacturing companies: this model substitutes the book values equity for the market value compared original model. score!"#$% .x! .x! .x! .x! .x! model z-score for private general companies: this model analyzed the characteristics and accuracy model without sales/total assets. score!"#$% .x! .x! .x! .x! risk scoring example when analyzing the z-score company, important analyze the trend over time. the case borders, the steady decline should have been warning sign investors. example z-score calculation: financial data millions) sales earning before interest and taxes current assets total assets current liabilities total liabilities retained earning market value equity after applying atman z-score calculation are getting following: z-score rating z-score weighting working capital total assets retain earning total assets earning bit total assets market value equity sales total assets z-score total liability source: wikinvest.com what these calculation shows that company was with score and that company was dangers zone. eventually year later company bankrupt. enhanced hive risk assessment hive planning include more data points sourced from our blockchain and using training set and machine learning algorithms improve risk calculation and assessment the borrowers finding more measuring points and related weights. our formula includes companies score based data available the blockchain defaulted invoices and delays payment the invoices also are adding scoring the buyers which based buyer defaults and delays paying invoices. all these additional data available through data collection the hive blockchain. hivescore ax! bx! cx! dx! ex! fx! gx! working capital total assets retained earnings total assets earnings before interests and taxes total assets market value equity total liabilities sales total assets score the company (defaults delays paying their invoices) score company's buyers (all buyer's defaults delays paying their invoices) using for predictive behavioral credit scoring tracking data stored blockchain without knowing issuer debtor and applying artificial intelligence (ai) algorithm can enable predictive behavioral credit scoring. this can achieved applying advanced statistical models "big data" stored blockchain. could fully anonymized and automated process enabling bulk financing small value invoices. credit scoring model typically used the decision-making process accepting rejecting invoice factoring. perform binary classification are going use logistic function (sigmoid): !!(!!!! were the natural logarithm base the value the sigmoid's midpoint the curve's maximum value the steepnes the curve the standard logistic function the function with parameters (k=, l=) which yields from where get (!! !!! !!!! (!! !!! !!!! where following is: probability default regression coefficient the exploratory factor exploratory factor number exploratory variables for each the existing data points known whether the client has gone into default not. following diagram represents neural network diagram sigmoid unit for calculating predictive behavioral credit scoring neural network learn x->y where can non linear function continues and/or discrete variable continues and/or discrete variable neural network represent network sigmoid units technology the underlying inputs the company financials are the invoices that are issued received. with hive, every invoice tokenized and published blockchain through automatic erp connector. blockchain distributed database, which makes the creation digital ledger invoices and share among network nodes (computers). blockchain uses cryptography allow each participant the network manipulate ledger secure way without need for central authority. time stamping basic blockchain function that permanently register the block the time that particular action took place. the main advantages building solution based blockachain are: transparency and consensus helps reduce costs and eliminate document fraud. the immutability and digital uniqueness inherent blockchain technology ensures that values are transferred securely data privacy ensured utilizing tokenization form cryptography, giving parties access only the information they have been given rights to. smart contracts ensure that the conditions agreed between the parties are executed flawlessly. all these factors guarantee the full and irreversible traceability the invoices submitted the hive network (ownership, due date, payment, counterparty, etc.), making them tradable assets. once the hive network has become established, the second stage the development process will devoted setting the liquidity pool, which will enable investors benefit from short-term financing. furthermore, hive provides additional services for companies willing make their business and financials more transparent such as: company credit scoring and automated auditing. financial items can uploaded regularly the hive blockchain, with time-stamped record every transaction made. the company then decides how much information willing expose the counterparty, with the benefits including increased transparency and the eventual ability expedite the credit scoring process result. blockchain technology set revolutionize not only the invoice issuing process but also the financial services based it, such factoring. today, companies record debit and credit with each transaction-- two entries, hence the term "double-entry" accounting. they could easily add third entry, the blockchain record, which instantly accessible those who need see it: the company's shareholders, auditors regulators. effectively creating "triple-entry" accounting. imagine company that sells products, buys materials and pays for services, accounts for assets and liabilities its balance sheet, recorded every transaction and time-stamped blockchain. these financial reports would live, effectively living ledger, and could made available interested third parties. generating any up-to-the-minute financial statement would straightforward, with the click button providing immutable, complete and searchable financial statement, free error. companies might not want everyone seeing these numbers, and may give access only regulators, managers, and other key stakeholders. although companies tend not make all their financials public, they would benefit from greater transparency, not only terms streamlining their finance department lowering the cost audits, but also with regard how the market perceives their company. the first public company have this system place will see significant advantages terms their price per share price earnings ratio over other companies where investors have wait for financial information provided quarterly basis. after all, investors would far more inclined invest company that shows you what going all the time rather than company, which gives only periodic updates and this includes both vendors and buyers. with shared public ledger, auditors and financiers such factoring firms could have automated forms analysis their disposal appraise the underlying health balance sheet, powerful innovation that could automate aspects the regulatory, audit and accounting processes. moreover, such tool would bring integrity the system. all fraud would much more difficult carry out. public ledger that constantly audited and verified means there need trust the counterparty's books; there integrity the statements the transaction logs because the network itself verifies this. there need rely pricewaterhousecoopers, deloitte any other big four firm confirm whether everything order. there counterparty risk. the ledger says true, then true. smart contracts hive's underlying architecture based ethereum smart contract. previously mentioned, this architecture yields full transparency events along the supply chain, increased process efficiency, reduced risk fraud and dramatically lower costs. the hive smart contract design follows modular contract structure, making highly reusable and easy upgrade. all the modules will written solidity. exchanging information related these events distributed ledger facilitates the trigger events that need take place for the goods arrive their final destination, service fulfilled and for the suppliers receive payment. however, the block chain's ability facilitate these trigger events does not end with the mere exchange information along supply chain. smart contracts not only allow trigger events take place, they ensure they are carried out automatically. smart contract tokenized computer process that stored the block chain and automatically carries out predetermined functions once triggering event has occurred. smart contract can include multiple parties such as, for example, lenders, borrowers, buyers, sellers and others. once tokenized, they cannot altered. for example, smart contract entered into between lender and seller, which indicates that both parties have agreed the borrowing conditions, the smart contract will automatically disburse payment event that requires action taken the bank. the payment automatically remitted once confirmation has been entered into the system. with smart contract, legal terms and conditions are embedded the computer code, which enables the automatic execution functions defined the contract itself. since the contract will not allow for additional financing received for invoice that has already been financed, this architecture also prevents duplicate invoice factoring. invoice duplication has been significant obstacle preventing invoice factoring solutions from being more readily available smes, but the incorporation block chain technology eliminates this issue. smart oracles smart oracles off-chain data sources that smart contract using modify its behavior. are going use this concept order capture events around published invoice and beneficiaries. smart oracles contains all the information related the invoice factoring deal including block signature. smart oracles directing invoice smart contract change/update beneficiaries contact info with lenders information. additional architectural components hive will also use the interplanetary file system (ipfs). ipfs allows static files stored distributed file system and uses distributed hash tables distribute the files. hive uses the ipfs store all static files and event meta data. all the data stored the blockchain protected, and only those parties which are approved the vendor will able view the data has made available seen. control over security the hands vendors, with full range settings available. only the core data for the invoices that the vendor wants financed will available viewed lenders. order compensate for the limitations ethereum and ipfs, both which come without search capabilities, hive will develop distributed, scalable on-chain search functionality which will used query invoice data and associated event descriptions. example possible data associated with each invoice: issuer (encrypted and accessible with private key) debtor (encrypted and accessible with private key) account bank for payment (encrypted and accessible with private key) can changed current owner (except owner debtor when confirming the invoice) amount currency (can not changed) due date (can not changed) status open (at time creation) signed confirmed accepted (when debtor confirms acceptance) locked (by debtor the time payment, can not change ownership) closed (when full debt paid debtor and coin back with him) can also include encrypted full invoice (pdf) smart contract structure lifecycle the hive smart contract lifecycle presented the figure below. this just one the possible scenarios for invoices that are published blockchain. hive ecosystem different parties take different roles the hive network ecosystem. following are the forms participation: hive administrator can create, manage and disable lender accounts. vendor this user who publishing his financial information hive blockchain order benefit from hive services, such invoice factoring, credit scoring and auditing. buyer uses hive order stay informed who invoice need paid. lender/investor are using hive search for new investment opportunities. they are able see financial information published vendor and also collected hive. they are also able use tools provided hive and complete the transaction between vendor and themselves. lender/investor able purchase hvn tokens. platform interaction hive invoice factoring network will support three distinguish types application layers. the vendor side are providing erp plugin application for various erp systems. second interaction module buyer module that enables invoice acceptance and notification changes. the last one lender module that enables investors search for available investment opportunities, assessment and collaboration tools. hive process model following figure shows details communication flow between involved parties hive invoice factoring. product roadmap hive (hvn) token functionality hvn token grants the token holder the right claim right over invoices the hive platform and obtain credit scores for certain entities which have sufficient financial track record the hive blockchain. when, for example, factor who financing sme wants claim ownership invoice they financed and that bought, they will need pay hvn tokens hive foundation. also when credit scoring company auditor will request access private data the blockchain, hvn tokens will used pay for access that data. hive foundation will resell tokens back the market and use funds for financing development infrastructure. invoices are uploaded the ethereum blockchain regularly and cost claim sellers looking for liquidity. hvn token therefore the entry point the hive network. the funds raised during the hive ico exceed btc the token holders will have the value their tokens backed hive's initial liquidity pool, which will selectively invest invoices discount that sufficient enable proper yield risk-reward terms. reference http://www.investopedia.com/terms/m/multiple-discriminant-analysis.asp https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/altman_z-score https://strategiccfo.com/z-score-model/ https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/artificial_neural_networks/activation_functions https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/logistic_function#neural_networks