table contents annotation ............................................................................................................. introduction ........................................................................................................... comprehensive overview the global film industry ................................................. key indicators and characteristics the world film production ............................. existing investment instruments the cinema industry ............................................ trends development the world cinema industry ................................................ modern problems the cinema industry the countries with the developed economy solving the problems the cinema industry the purpose hollywoodcoin .............. the road map the project development ................................................................. the plan geographical expansion the hollywoodcoin project ............................. technical specification hollywoodcoin ................................................................ targeted distribution funds ................................................................................ hollywoodcoin ecosystem ....................................................................................... hollywoodcoin platform ........................................................................................ prospects hollywoodcoin .................................................................................... benefits for partners ............................................................................................. acknowledgements ............................................................................................... annotation the great motivation for the development the hollywoodcoin project team not only the personal confidence that will turn the whole industry upside down, but also the fact that the negotiations partnership with the biggest players film have crowned loud and constructive support their part. dev johnson, the founder this document examines the problems and challenges the international market film (in particular, the and canadian markets), the ability change the existing technological paradigm, well business and technical aspects the hollywoodcoin company solutions that will capitalize the potential this change. ideas and solutions hollywoodcoin are based real problems and needs the film industry. developing the concept the project comprehensive event aimed research and practical application was conducted: statistics data american film industry association and european audiovisual observatory; laws and regulations; data various thematic surveys and studies; information about the film industry from open sources information; diverse experiences hollywoodcoin team work all existing areas filmmaking. the study was conducted using the system and comparative analysis methods, using graphical and statistical methods. the following were thoroughly investigated: the dynamics the film production world market; especially the development and funding the national film markets (the and canadian ones); contribution the film industry the development the economies various countries. the main objective the study was identify the key problems, constraints and challenges faced the industry stakeholders all the existing stages film production. the purpose the study the development complex, technologically advanced solutions all the problems identified, other words the creation new infrastructure the sector change the existing technological paradigm. the results the study the conclusions about the current state the industry, key problems and challenges, well solutions offered hollywoodcoin team are presented herein. introduction the moment, entertainment industry, including such creative direction film industry, actively growing. the notion cinematograph today consists two components: the art filmmaking and the film industry itself, where movies are created and shown the public. some countries the film industry significant sector the economy, capable generating the incomes that are high enough. should emphasized that cinema general also powerful cultural propaganda tool. today the world's largest (by the number the movies released and the volume box office takings) the film industry. however, according experts` opinions, may soon overtaken china volume box office takings (including due the active deployment the cinema network). the film industry india also promising one, making its bet the movies with the national specificity. however, the global market will continue dominated the hollywood content. american film companies (major ones): warner bros. paramount pictures, the walt disney company will remain the leaders the industry. the main advantages the are their experience the expertise and selection films, advanced film production and distribution infrastructure. for the integral performance the sector global scale, the growth speed gradually slowing down. according the american movies association, total world box office takings grew only compared billion. this case, the driver growth asia (japan, india, china) and for film distribution, the leader growth the number cinema screens the asian-pacific region (+% compared it`s important note that there only the quantitative growth, while the developed countries there are qualitative changes (new technologies cinema halls, service range expansion, etc.). the process cinematic progress closely interrelated with economic and technological progress. the development new technologies the film industry and the ways selling video content, including new, innovative solutions monetize films that will increase its influence cinematograph. the film industry performs cultural, social and economic functions the countries with the developed film industry. the products this industry terms sales the modern world the basis mass culture and represents itself integral part the elite culture. the film industry plays important role the development the economics, for example, providing jobs the direct and collateral production and distribution; the development network small businesses; increases the tax base; the positive trade balance. study the film production financing modern conditions important task, since the context globalization the number players the global cinema market growing, new world centers film production and new technologies production and distribution films are emerging, causing changes schemes funds attracting and returning; moreover, the global financial crisis creates additional problems for both major studios and small independent companies. according the forecasts researchers, film industry will the one the five leading sectors the world`s economics the yield the world film industry the next years will increase half. the modern world, there dynamic development new film-production centers. this creates increased interest the problems development and specificities national film production markets funding the leading countries. comprehensive overview the global film industry according the widely accepted definition, the film industry the industry producing films, special effects for films (including computer graphics) and animation. the film production usually takes place the studios. nowadays films are shown cinemas (both stationary and online ones), television, distributed physical media dvd and blu-ray (the regressing industry branch because the global spread the internet). many countries, the film industry significant sector the economics. however, the cinema not only the direction contemporary art and profitable segment the national economy, but also complete social institution. can have significant impact the society, shaping the minds the audience. the development the own film industry the era globalization also necessary condition for preserving the national identity. key indicators and characteristics the world film production according analytical agencies, over thousand movies are produced every year the world the twenty-first century. all producing countries, according the settled practice, can divided into four key groups according the number released (mainly commercial) films: group films year and more). this category includes the leaders the film industry: united states, china, india and japan with the prevalence asian players. the film industry the largest the world total the number films produced and the amount box office takings. according the bureau economic analysis, usa, the share the film industry the country`s gdp (including tv). for comparison, the share machine-building and agriculture and .%. moreover, the american cinema (hollywood and independent cinema) has significant impact the content and techniques the world cinema, the economic and cultural aspects cinema. the main advantages the usa are experience the expertise and selection films, advanced film production and distribution infrastructure (although the growth cinemas networks has slowed down) and large number film stars the world. all the biggest blockbusters the world over the last years are the production american film companies (see table. table top highest grossing films the world no. film year country budget mln usd world box office takings, bln usd avatar usa titanic star wars: the force awakens jurassic world great britain, usa usa usa the avengers usa fast and furious the avengers: the age ultron harry potter and the deathly hallows: part frozen usa usa usa usa usa fast and furious the major film companies the world are also us: warner bros. century fox, paramount pictures, sony pictures, walt disney company, columbia pictures and universal pictures. the majors are actively investing the film industry other countries order increase profits and strengthen their own positions. more and more american filmmakers are choosing shoot the scandinavian countries asia. the main reasons are tax breaks, compensatory payments and grants from local support funds. for china, the film industry the country has developed rapidly the past few years (-% per year, according experts). the moment, the second largest film industry the world. according analysts, the near future, china could overtake the united states due active growth the cinemas network (according analytical agencies, currently the usa there are networks and china more than despite the fact that the global market will continue dominated the hollywood audiovisual content, the film distribution market china will dominated local filmmakers, due the system quotas for local and foreign films adopted the country. currently, india (bollywood) also one the world's largest film producers (more than thousand films year). according the statistics public organizations and analytical companies, basing the results managed beat the the number the films produced. the reason the active state support national cinematography. however, other indicators, harder for india compete with the american film industry. japan was able occupy leading position due the genre cinema, such thrillers, horror and specific animation. group films year). there are mainly the countries western europe. particular, france (leader europe), uk, germany and spain. the largest film studios the region are located these states: bavaria film, europacorp, gaumont, eon productions, brb international, etc. according the european audiovisual observatory, currently the proportion national films the theaters european countries more than (remaining belong the american film industry). moreover, there gradual increase screen time for european films because protectionist policies europe. group films year). this category mostly includes countries latin america (brazil, argentina, etc.) whose films are popular among spanish-speaking countries. group (up films per year): other countries. we`d like specially note nigeria (nollywood) and pakistan (lollywood), where, according estimates industry analysts, local production more popular than the hollywood`s one. the global film industry actively developing. has been increasingly influenced such factors the emergence new production technologies (especially digital ones), new sales methods audiovisual content (including via the internet), well further globalization the film industry. however, the growth rate box office takings worldwide gradually slowing down. according the motion picture association america mpaa, the last five years, the volume box office takings growing average only per year (thus the takings international hire). this can explained the increasing economic problems certain regions, the informatization the society (active penetration the internet the background the rising sales mobile devices and the global spread online piracy), well the peculiarities national psychology. the global volume box office takings, according the motion picture association america, has grown comparison with about billion. the north american market (usa and canada) increased billion. takings asia grew billion. leaders growth the asian region are japan (+%) and india (+%). source: motion picture association america (mpaa) figure box office takings global scale, billion usd. however, china remains leading market volume the takings billion dollars), which, however, decreased compared indicators latin america the volume box office takings dropped compared the main reason the devaluation national currencies. so, takings mexico dropped argentina and venezuela the only country the region experiencing the growth was brazil (+%). table leading countries terms box office takings place referencial: country china japan india great britain france south korea germany australia mexico brazil italy russian federation usa canada box office takings bln, usd box office takings g., bln, usd source: motion picture association america (mpaa) the emea region, which includes western and eastern europe (including russia), middle east and africa, box office takings declined the worst were the film markets germany (-%) and the (-%). however, the largest european market dollar terms was the united kingdom billion dollars). according experts, the main reason for its decline the depreciation the national currency. while box office takings france and italy increased the results and respectively. other emea countries the mixed dynamics also observed. for the film show, according the ihs analytical agency, there were about thousand cinemas the world (+% indicator and more than them are digital. the absolute leader terms growth number screens became the asiapacific region (+% compared figure the number cinemas different sizes the world (in regional context) usa canada analog cinemas emea asian-pacific area digital cinemas latin america digital cinemas source: ihs data according ihs, the number premium format cinemas increased (+%), which indicates the willingness the audience view higher quality audiovisual content. table the spread cinema halls the premium format the world, total number screens) usa and canada emea asian-pacific area latin america total region source: ihs data investing film production involves high risks. according international experts, commercial success only one ten film projects. however, the box office success the film can compensate for the previous loss-making films for the studio. premium movie screens (plf) are characterized huge screens, super-bright and clear image, multidimensional sound, providing the effect full presence. existing investment instruments the cinema industry the funding the film industry, i.e. availability effective schemes funds attraction and return are the key issues for the development film production. relying the world experience the film production financing, all existing investment tools can divided into four key groups: own resources. rule, the film company funds are insufficient and producers actively attract foreign investment. state funding. government support plays significant role the development cinema most countries the world. state funding well developed the developed countries western europe and the rapidly developing countries asia. the usa, the state support cinema does not exist the financial plan (the grant system), but there are various supporting government programs (tax incentives, rebates system, granting, etc.). borrowed funds. here are talking mainly about bank lending under the pledge the rights for remuneration for the pre-sale agreement; under the pledge the rights for films secured copyright from the library audiovisual content. however, bank interest rates loans companies actively growing and the number banks willing lend risky filmmaking, remains small. obtained funds. the world practice traditional and innovative ways attracting investment the film industry are widely used. for example, such prepurchase agreements, product placement, co-production, fundraising and crowdfunding. read more about these tools attract capital: pre-sale agreement contract under which the company-copyright holder shall, upon completion the production process the film, transfer the right use the received content the extent defined the document, another party (film distribution organization, channel, etc.) for certain monetary reward, part which may paid advance. product placement one the most popular tools for raising capital the world the cinema. product placement form promotion and placement goods products the media for advertising purposes. the moment the most common formats mutual settlements between the company and the advertiser are: payment for advertising money terms; conducting advertising and pr-campaigns the advertiser, the same time promoting the film and the products placed (cross-promotion), well providing the opportunity for gratuitous use the the advertiser`s products the process filming. co-production joint production films film companies from different countries mutually beneficial terms. the main advantages such cooperation are the possibility obtaining state support each the countries the companies origin; quality access foreign markets and exchange professional experience. the most popular joint film production countries western europe and north america. fundraising attraction external resources, third-party for the film companies, required for the implementation the project. the main forms attracting resources through fundraising are charity, patronage, sponsorship and grants. the format the capital raising particularly popular the production non-commercial and low budget films. crowdfunding innovative investment tool. collective, founded voluntary basis, financing the project, information about which posted the author the specialized internet platform. essential condition for the order placement the establishment certain type rewards for potential donors (e.g., the placement thanks the film credits, invitation for supporting role, the invitation tour the shooting site, etc.). trends development the world cinema industry cinema continues the largest type art for quite long period time. the short term, global players are likely switched: china may become the world leader (leaving the behind), where the film industry booming, including through powerful protectionist measures. however, expected that hollywood video content will continue dominate the global rental market. however, box office takings will grow moderate pace global scale. for the film show, there are two key trends the world: mature markets, the film networks are oriented quality development, while the emerging markets there will significant quantitative increase the cinemas networks. the global film industry will demonstrate positive dynamics the next few years. according forecasts the industry experts, during this period more than thousand films year will produced the world, not including alternative content. the main filmmaking countries will remain the united states, china, india and japan. the same time, japan and india will continue rely genre cinema. source: based the motion picture association america (mpaa) and pricewaterhousecoopers figure the dynamics box office takings global scale and the forecast for billion dollars. the global market film distribution will also grow. according the pricewaterhousecoopers analysts, its volume will increase billion dollars (average annual growth rate -%). for comparison: according the association american cinema (motion picture association america (mpaa)) this figure was billion dollars. powerful driver growth will the chinese market. the rapid dynamics the asian film industry, primarily due the demographic factor (the population china was billion people according the world bank) and the active development the national film network. but despite this, hollywood audiovisual content (in particular, blockbusters) will continue dominate the global market. table the volume box office takings and the forecast for the world's most actively developing film markets, billion usd usa+canada china india worldwide volume the film distribution volume the film distribution market market share source: based data from pricewaterhousecoopers, motion picture association america (mpaa), med forecast and own calculations for the direction the film show, according the forecasts the analytical agencies, there will around screens the world the leader the deployment the national cinema will china, which has high potential for growth. according the calculations chinese experts, about cinemas are required adequately cover the population (for comparison, the and canada there were about screens according ihs). active development the viewers infrastructure also due tax benefits provided the state, well due regular increase the quota for the rental foreign films cinemas. should noted that the developed american and european film markets have long been oriented primarily qualitative changes the existing network (improving the level service, expanding the range services provided, equipping the cinema halls with new technological solutions), rather than quantitative ones. for this reason, the markets western countries there slowdown the growth film networks per year, according analytical agencies. with regard online cinema display, can note the potential growth specialized legal video services the vod and ott formats. strong growth factor for the segment will steady inflow new internet users, particular, due the users mobile devices, such smartphones and tablets. however, pirate resources will also develop, despite active opposition the illegal consumption audiovisual content, carried out all countries the world. figure the growth the number internet users the world, billion people. source: itu data, e-marketer video demand (vod) are systems which allow users select and watch/listen video audio content such movies and shows when they choose to, rather than having watch specific broadcast time, which was the prevalent approach with over-the-air broadcasting during much the century. iptv technology often used bring vod televisions and personal computers. over the top (ott) media distribution practice that allows streaming content provider sell audio, video, and other media services directly the consumer over the internet via streaming media standalone product, bypassing telecommunications, cable broadcast television service providers that traditionally act controller distributor such content. modern problems the cinema industry the countries with the developed economy for the people who are accustomed seeing hollywood dream factory, difficult imagine the film business powerful machine that makes huge money the human craving for shows and performances. but for the team the hollywoodcoin founders and developers, the financial bottomlessness and fact the cinema monopoly hollywood long-known fact. the hollywoodcoin team includes the specialists the field filmmaking with various competencies, but still the all are sure one thing: the industry there extremely urgent need for innovative solution existing problems and constraints that currently cause significant harm both the quality films and the reputation many film production process participants (for example, due the lack transparency financial aspects and frequent suspicions "money laundering" the part film critics and the media). course, for each individual group film producers (groups are formed the basis the number films produced per year), there separate range difficulties and problems. key differences are observed between the group countries (from films per year) and all the rest (less than films per year). the main problems and difficulties the filmmaking group countries: more than (millions dollars) the budget modern blockbusters are used film companies search and attract specialists the field computer graphics, animation design, sound and light editing, design and erection various scenery and shooting sites, selection and purchase necessary equipment, and also make-up artists, stylists, consultants, etc. the main problem that the services local companies exceed the prices performers other cities and regions many times and the most tangible difference with the prices performers from other countries. the studios get the opportunity freely search, order and pay for the services the companies the field film production with more affordable price tag the released part the budget will directed for improving the quality the actor and managerial staff, for better advertising the film around the world, for many other directions that are currently strictly limited funding. the modern financial system imposes many difficulties the payment process for the performers from other countries starting from cross-border restrictions, security risks, constant fluctuations exchange rates and ending with low level integration the international banking system, which leads payment delays and high commissions. the issue the absence tax benefits and subsidies for the companies the field film production remains unresolved and there are also problems double taxation. the main problems and difficulties the filmmaking groups for the production high-quality, cinema production demanded the world, developed infrastructure required. the resource base this sample gradually becoming competitive the world markets. technological trends are actively developing (for example, computer graphics, virtual reality). separate films are gradually breaking the established stereotypes and showing the world community that not only the and canada can produce high-quality and high-tech commercial pictures. however, the shortage qualified personnel virtually all stages film production (scriptwriters, directors, sound engineers, soundmen, etc.) will remain one the main problems the cinema the next five years. according experts, the reason for this situation the lack well-coordinated system film education, which allows providing the film industry with qualified specialists. nevertheless, both state and private players intend implement number projects this direction. addition, the national film industry the producing countries the specified groups develops, the narrow-profile specialists may required, which are practically not educated anywhere, for example, the creators languages (especially relevant for such genres fantasy and fairytales). for successful rental films, both the domestic market and abroad, addition high quality film production, necessary actively promote the project. important role played leading actors ("movie stars") well. according critics, western and eastern europe, brazil, argentina and russia there are lot talented actors, but the absence powerful pr-support, similar that hollywood movie stars ("star cult" strategy) affects their recognition and popularity the local and foreign levels. the list problems listed above not exhaustive. each stage filmmaking emerging economies and high proportion government influence, there are problems, omissions, financial losses and even fraud. general conclusions problems the world film industry general, the lack single functional infrastructure the world film industry leads the fact that the speed the industry development, well the speed the experience and achievements exchange, critically slowing down. film business develops locally, this leads imbalance and unequal conditions the market. result, talented and promising film specialists not have the opportunity find their true vocation and deserved place the mechanism the film industry. unrealized ideas and the unrevealed potential people from completely different corners the world lead lack diversity the world cinema distribution and narrow choice terms the genre and its performance. the most acute problem the search for startups funding the field the film industry and for the production motion pictures independent and little-known filmmakers and producers. the difficulty lies the lack single thematic platform for crowdfunding. there lack quality control center and executive discipline for the projects the field cinema and culture put for funding. the new technological paradigm the film industry must solve all the above problems and limitations. the infrastructure created must provide automation and technological simplification the key processes the film industry, for example, attraction and placement funding, process film production, search and payment for performers (contractors) various qualifications, advertising, distribution products (formation innovative access media content) and many others. solving the problems the cinema industry the purpose hollywoodcoin are proud present you tool that designed solve the full range problems the global film industry hollywoodcoin (hereinafter referred hwc). hwc has everything takes fulfill its ambitious goal total qualitative rebuilding the global film industry infrastructure. the extensive and multifaceted experience the team, deep knowledge and understanding the industry needs, well interest the development and implementation the project the largest film manufacturers around the world this what gives confidence the speedy success and popularity hollywoodcoin. the hwc team has already got more than specialists from different countries with experience such areas film production, it-development, blockchain, economic planning and analysis, marketing, etc. hwc has received serious interest from both large and small film studios and post production companies around the world. have established reliable business relations with the world's leading film studios and received valuable feedback from their representatives the project. the road map the project development our road map includes several different stages, such development technology, expansion infrastructure, signing partnership agreements and implementation marketing initiatives. terms and specific actions, there are objective grounds, can adjusted. spring creation initiative group crypto currency developers, development system concept, drafting documentation for the development and implementation the system, formation working group with interested partners and specialists the film industry for further interaction and testing the first versions the platform and services. summer technical implementation accordance with the project documentation selection and editing hwc code, setting network ports and other maintenance elements, launching the coins generation process blocks. formation professional team marketers and developers various countries the world. active involvement partners and representatives, holding bounty campaigns. autumn conducting constructive negotiations with representatives and employees financial departments and supply departments leading film companies the and canada, agreeing future cooperation with the top managers. active negotiations with the companies: miramax films, century fox, sony pictures entertainment, columbia pictures, pixar, paramount pictures, dreamworks, lionsgate, castle rock entertainment, etc. carrying out introductory presentations and negotiations cooperation with marvel studios, focus features, happy madison productions, lightstorm entertainment and other leading film companies the world. winter adding hwc the listings leading crypto exchanges and analytical resources. for reference: currently hwc represented btc-alpha and bit-z exchanges and also included the coinmarketcap service listing. technical specialists the hwc team announced the forthcoming access the stock exchanges: bittrex, binance, yobit, hitbtc and others. may june development and implementation international on-line cinema platform, with free access for project partners and paid annual subscription for all other platform users. release updated offline (local) wallet for windows, mac and linux. registration the official company hollywoodcoin project representative hwc ltd. partnership with mgn company. obtaining the status the representative the most powerful system the world supercomputer sunway taihuligh. opening new offices usa (los angeles) and the russian federation (moscow). june the release the alpha version the hollywoodcoin mobile wallet (application) for android and ios. joint project with the participation jean-colas prunier create unique platform developed for collaborative creativity, games and creating stream animated and sound sequences different devices (smartphones, tablets, desktop computers, virtual/augmented reality) real time and fully interactive mode. opening representative office singapore. july creation the innovative render hwc globalrender farm the basis the most powerful computing system the world sunway taihuligt. announcement the project website launch. adding hwc the cryptocurrency exchanges the top- rating. opening representative office germany (berlin). august active work signing the contracts for the films rendering with world film studios. opening representative office india (mumbai). september announcement the beta version entertaining video game for mobile devices based android and ios, with participation superhero captain hollywood. november interactive social network. development the social network that unites customers and performers the field rendering, animation, graphic services and other areas cinema, with services payment hwc. december announcement the beta version entertaining video game for pc, featuring superhero captain hollywood. the plan geographical expansion the hollywoodcoin project plan select the countries start the system based the population, the level concentration and the pace development the film production market. the map below there preliminary list the countries that can change later the project develops: stage united states america, china, japan, india stage countries western europe (france, great britain, germany, spain) and some countries eastern europe stage argentina, brazil, russia stage all other countries the experience the hwc founders, obtained the process creating and developing the project, gives very strong impetus the start. will actively involve operators independent film companies the ecosystem, accelerating its geographical expansion and further increasing its decentralization. our goal cover the maximum amount payments and communications between individuals and legal entities the film industry and related, cultural-mass areas technical specification hollywoodcoin name coin hollywoodcoin algorithm ssrypt type pos ticker hwc total coin supply pre-mine yearly interest pos min. age pos max. age unlimited confirmations for mined blocks transactions transactions confirmations blocks seconds blocks for pos port prc port proof-of-stake designs have become more competitive form peer-to-peer cryptocurrency proof-of-work designs due the elimination dependency energy consumption, thereby achieving lower inflation/lower transaction fees comparable network security levels. reserve the right make modifications this code for the good the community and the coin. hwc not designed for speculation, rather real world application solve problems and create new field for film industry stakeholders (artists, fans, services). encourage the collaborative community help make the coin succeed with fair rewards for both development and coin adoption. significant part the total hwc supply due pre-production because the required amount investment required for the development and development infrastructure (services). targeted distribution funds total supply: hwc volume system volume system developers; exchanges investors marketing; marketing developers investors; exchanges; the funds raised will used strict accordance with the approved roadmap for the development the hollywoodcoin project. our road map involves the development all functions for the hwc platform multifunctional applications and interfaces for all the ecosystem participants, well powerful marketing support accelerate the attraction users (cinema fans, film startups, investors, specialists various categories and qualifications, project partners, etc.). hollywoodcoin ecosystem hollywoodcoin ecosystem will built accordance with the principles scalability and decentralization, which will ensure its stability and self-sufficiency the long term. one our main tasks the creation decentralized consumer marketplace for the people who have little experience dealing with crypto-currencies and, probably, not have deep knowledge the blockchain. the hwc ecosystem will expand beyond the crypto community and focus its activities wide audience. the processes purchasing, charging and using hwc will realized intuitively for the consumers. when working the on-line platform and hollywoodcoin applications, the processes opening and managing cryptocurrency wallet will maximally simplified and safe. providing services for this audience requires perfect knowledge and constant monitoring innovations the film production segment. due extensive experience the industry, our team knows exactly what consumers and key market participants want. the main ecosystem participants and users the hollywoodcoin infrastructure are: team technical and customer support specialists for the hollywoodcoin platform; film companies film studios, their representatives and persons who make certain managerial decisions; legal entities providing work, services and goods necessary for the process film production; individuals (private executors, freelancers) providing works, services and goods necessary for the process film production; legal entities and individuals rendering services and works the field advertising and distribution audiovisual content; legal entities and individuals interested attracting and (or) placing capital the development startups and projects the field cinema, culture, science, sports and charity; project partners engaged the expansion and popularization hwc infrastructure attracting new participants; art lovers (film fans) interested access the hollywoodcoin platform for unlimited access all audiovisual content and services. become member the ecosystem, the user creates account the hwc platform. during registration process, the system will create user profile and his wallet. hwc holders earn per annum using pos algorithm! each member the ecosystem will provided with wallet, whose function protect user data (storage decentralized database), well the ability interact with other participants and all the services available. actively place hwc trading floors and exchanges, providing opportunity openly sell and buy them for the residents those countries whose legislation does not prohibit such operations. you buy few coins and block them for mining (leave them lying your wallet), depending the amount you are charged percentage every day. hollywoodcoin platform hollywoodcoin not only technologically strong digital asset that will allow instant and safe settlements around the world, but also whole range innovative services that successfully solve all current problems and limitations the global film industry. the hwc platform decentralized multifunctional platform allowing the filmmakers affiliated with post information (in the portfolio format) about their competencies, capabilities and available technologies the production audiovisual content, conduct advertising campaigns, implement loyalty programs and receive orders and feedback from consumers. the system allows its users easily search and analyze performers around the world and further order products, services and goods. the hwc platform system provides the process payment and exact execution the order accordance with the technical specification, and the use complex algorithms the interaction scheme excludes any possibility fraud and falsification the order execution results. the hollywoodcoin platform will constantly expand and adapt the newly identified needs its users and partners. the present time, the infrastructure and the set services correspond the current needs and requirements all the designated ecosystem participants. the platform includes the following elements: framework and wallet the rust programming language. rust open source programming language. the key features the language are security, speed and parallelism. opposed c++, rust provides guarantees safe work with memory the compile stage and with allowance for multithreading while keeping high capacity and providing abstractions the c++ level. the update will comprise: the framework will implement the basic functionality the present wallet (pow/pos, blockchain, keys, etc.); wallet. the wallet will contain all the interfaces available currently and the additional api. there will also improved graphical user interface. will add new features for the security backups, conservation and restoration private keys, etc. the possibilities dynamic interaction will implemented with the mobile wallets qr-codes. standardisation and transition unified solution for all systems with new version the library superior the current values the net. after implementing the wallet rust, the hollywoodcoin cryptocurrency will acquire new upgrade code which will enable developers create their own unique apps based the hollywoodcoin, which will use hwc. adapted application for mobile devices and personal computers the format interactive social network (with support for the main functionality the platform). the qualifications performers the field film production are not limited, nevertheless worth noting that the most popular are: writers and directors; sound engineers and sound technicians, specialists film music; costume designers and art directors; animators and computer graphics specialists; owners various equipment and implements for filming, promoters, fundraisers. reputation system important link for establishing trust between the counterparties. initially, the rating will entered for the executors and participants the process, and can subsequently introduced for the customers. plan implement this system such way that can automatically calculate the rating and receive confirmed information from consumers, maintaining their anonymity, meeting the following quality and safety requirements: transparency: should clear how ratings are credited; legitimacy: only certain set participants (i.e., customers works and services) has the option rating; integrity: should difficult (and even better impossible) manipulate ratings; confidentiality: consumers who give assessments not disclose their identity any other personal information. affiliate program with wide range rewards and referral bonuses for additional coin earnings and direct participation the scaling and distribution the project. platform for attracting and placing private investments. independent film companies different countries, well simply talented creative people, often create stunning concepts and ideas. their arsenal includes startups the film industry (interactive cinematography, virtual reality, digital actors, etc.), projects the field culture and promotion healthy lifestyle, film scripts the newest format, etc. all these projects are very promising and interesting, but they have difficulties attracting investments due the lack direct access the platforms with high concentration such interest. hollywoodcoin crowdfunding platform will allow its applicants publish detailed information about such projects, the one hand, and the other conduct analysis, discussion and direct commercial financing the most worthy and profitable projects. addition, the possibility direct target financing world`s largest film studios film projects being studied, exclude state participation and pressure, borrowed capital with overvalued loan rates. the functionality the hwc platform will supplemented system for monitoring the implementation the announced work plans for projects, well system for phased charging and reporting the use the funds raised. international on-line cinema for the project partners access all novelties the partner companies through the private office. free! thematic news feed from hwc analysts (with the opportunity initiate discussions and create your own topics). prospects hollywoodcoin the project development team sees hwc the leading settlement tool not only for the film industry, but for the whole world the infrastructure, based hwc, will definitely make long-awaited, qualitative revolution the industry. according the researchers' forecasts, the film industry will become one the world's top five industries (pricewaterhousecoopers report) and will increase its capitalization many times over. according the reports from the motion picture association america (mpaa), the film industry supports million jobs, annually paying more than billion wages. about film production companies are concentrated the territory the country, whose services cost billion the volume sales the united states film business amounted billion statistics for official sources has not yet been published, but experts unanimously state that interest special effects and innovations the field film production growing very fast pace. general, the money turnover the world film industry significantly exceeds the trillion mark, which fall the usa, canada and china. the founders and partners the project aim transfer the fiat turnover the film business these countries into the hollywoodcoin crypto currency, and begin scaling and actively spreading the platform around the world (in accordance with the established geographic expansion plan). the world turnover the film industry the value the capitalization hollywoodcoin, which the cryptocurrency can reach already benefits for partners the hollywoodcoin team invites representatives from all over the world cooperation and joint development (partnership) the following types contracts are available for purchase: are always open for any interaction and teamwork. accept feedback the project with great interest. our inspiration the craziest and boldest ideas our like-minded people and investors. you have constructive and interesting proposals for consideration and addition the roadmap for the hollywoodcoin project development, write our official mail support service: info@hollywoodcoin.us support@hollywoodcoin.us acknowledgements behalf the team hollywoodcoin developers, marketers, and managers, would like specially acknowledge our deepest gratitude everyone who helped launch and develop the project the results have already achieved today. are grateful for everyone's contribution our joint mission, for your highly qualified work, for your patience and unwavering belief our success. are looking forward maintaining the existing business and friendly relations with all the project participants, well speeding the development and implementation the system the work not only hollywood and the us-based film companies, but also all the leading film industries globally. extend separate gratitude considerable number investors who did not need much time and reflection recognize the working concept the project. thank you for making decision become part not only our team, but also huge mechanism settlements and financing the film industry.