whitepaper this not the final version the homeblockcoin whitepaper. there won't any significant changes but will add more information soon possible. about homeblockcoin homeblockcoin decentralized self regulated financial payment network created for users that want independent from third parties like banks the government. middlemen other institutions are needed for processing transactions. homeblockcoin cryptocurrency change the financial world the future. the homeblockcoin network runs without having any central servers. easy use and allows you benefit from the blockchain technology. that means that money can sent from within seconds, without any fees. all homeblockcoin transactions are anonymous. every homeblockcoin user can see every transaction the blockchain. public for everyone. but not shown which transaction done whom. each user can choose whether his name will appear not. this known and new technology revolutionizes the whole financial system. other institutions like the government are needed for sending money from banks can bankrupt and lose your money making bad deals and big companies can sell customer data without getting consent. homeblockcoin and the technology this network avoids problems like these. what homeblockcoin the number coins limited. the homeblockcoin supply will only have million coins worldwide, this resembles economic system based deflation and with increasing supply coin, homeblockcoin prices tend rise, when the demand high and the number coins that remain not increased. homeblockcoin uses the blockchain database not controlled party, but open the public that impossible for someone forge transactions blockchain. all transactions are recorded live, transparent, and spread across multiple servers. impossible hack, change falsify homeblockcoin. because the blockchain technology multiple servers must hacked the same time. this not possible. homeblockcoin safe and independent currency. the special homeblockcoin the name. this because his extraordinary ability mined every homeblockcoin user easy and uncomplicated from home. current payment system require third-party revolution, machine machine payment specification name homeblockcoin symbol (tba) total supply ico decimal place mining pool yes algorithm ico date november price start time zone london (gmt) ico displayed the diagram below you can see where the financial resources flows to. homeblockcoin investing massively into marketing and advertising social media, such among facebook, youtube influencer. investors development advertising maintenance initial coin offering the initial coin offering (ico) homeblockcoin will launched november november selling homeblockcoins for days. keep mind, that just the first day buying homeblockcoin unlimited per person and will inform you your backoffice the price will demand. date rounds coins available price limit coins limit variable variable variable variable variable variable variable variable variable variable variable variable variable variable variable variable initial coin offering date rounds coins available price limit coins variable variable variable variable variable variable variable variable variable variable variable variable variable variable variable variable variable variable variable variable value prediction investment opportunity trade lending stake mining affiliate earn profit with trading earn daily interest homeblockcoin lending earn interest holding earn with mining earn bonus from referrals homeblockcoin lending profits lending amount interest (accured daily) capital back volatility software interest after days volatility software interest +.% daily after days volatility software interest +.% daily after days volatility software interest +.% daily after days pre lending incentive every lending deposited between the november and the december pm, you get additional .%. lending amount interest (accured daily) capital back volatility software interest +.% daily instead after days volatility software interest +.% daily instead after days volatility software interest +.% daily instead after days volatility software interest +.% daily instead after days lending lending invest your own homeblockcoin get daily return from the management homeblockcoin. lending the opportunity get daily return your homeblockcoins. impressive concept for passive investors and for those who want enjoy daily passive income. fixed daily interest rate can guaranteed. the maximum interest rate per month your investment.when the contract expires then the investment fund will returned accordance with terms conditions. you can invest homeblockcoin coin our lending platform from your dashboard. this investment option allows you profit from the homeblockcoin trading bot and the volatility software. this bot buys and sells homeblockcoins automatically. you will receive daily profit based your investment. you will receive your capital back with the profits the following chart. you can take out your capital from homeblockcoin lending platfom reinvest any time. affiliate with homeblockcoins attractive refer and affiliate program you can earn additional bitcoins telling other users about this opportunity and referring them homeblockcoin community. are offering bonus program which enables you the possibility earn more for every new user who signs and joins homeblockcoin lending platform using your affiliate link. homeblockcoins affiliate program designed with lucrative levels earn additional commissions every registered partner. you will earn commission every time referral lends homeblockcoin our platform through your affiliate link. with the residual bonus you earn commission every interest your partner gets (every day). the commission you earn based the level your partner signs in. level referral bonus from lending investment residual bonus from lending interest affiliate mining the special homeblockcoin the name. this because its extraordinary ability mined every homeblockcoin user from home. said, that impossible create gold home. you have work hard find it. homeblockcoin works similar way. with the big difference, that your mint your home. with the technology homeblockcoin you are able create homeblockcoins with your computer. you own device with internet connection? with homeblockcoin's software you are able mine your coins easily and comfortably from your favorite place. every day whenever you want. all you need computer, tablet your laptop and active internet connection. homeblockcoin can mined with algorithm .to earn reward through pow mining homeblockcoin, download the homeblockcoin wallet for your operating system. staking with the staking program homeblockcoin you are able earn daily interest your homeblockcoins. downloading special homeblockcoin wallet you can begin staking homeblockcoin and watch your interest grow. the more coins you hold the more interest you earn. duration interest months (december may per month) months (june november per month) months (december may per month) months (june november per month) months (december may per month) months (june november (.% per month) roadmap homeblockcoin the newest blockchain technology website launch ico start listing coinmarketcap registration online lending start hbc bundles node concept target price listing external exchanges implementation first online shops online shop payment solution first global event target price implementation first online shops target price target price green hbc cloud mining solutions further offline acceptance start offline shops implementation target price implementation online shops target price explanation roadmap updates have recently updated our homeblockcoin roadmap, would like take closer look what are the most important and progressive milestones the roadmap. this statement details the ,,highlights" the first two quarters this year. homeblockcoin cloud-mining solutions objective: homeblockcoin mining burst become one the largest hard disk cloud miners through burst mining. burst mined providing hard disk space. basically, therefore, everyone who has free memory space can mine the coin from home. through the hbc cloud mining solutions with burst mining, hbc finds one the first applications. will possible purchase mining power, this case memory space directly from the back office.this memory space can paid only with homeblockcoin. purchasing ,,mining power" the back office, real terabytes form hardware are purchased. these are supplied and plotted hall with maintenance, insurance, cooling and power supply. every mining power plotted and ready mine. its own burst mining pool, possible for every user view the memory space and the obtained blocks. thus, the control over any mining revenue available all times. contracts have already been signed with major disk manufacturers. this collaboration, the implementation the largest hard disk cloud mining now implemented. advantage for the costumer: addition homeblockcoin, every hbc member who uses the hbc cloud mining solutions also earns burst coin through mining. homeblockcoin offers real-world product and finds great additional usage. this time, provisioning planned for every purchase hbc cloud mining. thus, further earning opportunity created and the benefit each hbc supported. homeblockcoin bundles (node) concept objective: deploy node system holding exact amount homeblockcoins (one node/bundle) which generates additional profits lending/mining/staking. with homeblockcoin bundles introduce completely new node system which you can participate from hbcs transaction and internal exchange fees. homeblockcoin bundle will require homeblockcoins which locked for days. the point the hbc bundles system released upgraded interface your back office will make ,,bundle" your hbc possible soon the amount coins you hold qualify for these rewards. users lock-in their coins hbc and return they will receive interest based the number units frozen. the rewards depend how much transactions are the hbc network and how much trading volume are the internal hbc exchange. advantage for the costumer: with the homeblockcoin bundles (node) concept further income opportunity created and hbc finds another way use. with this option, the community will reimbursed for the transaction fee and the fees incurred exchange. online shop payment solutions objective: the goal online shop payment solutions create the first real payment connection for homeblockcoin. through this external connection, possible integrate homeblockcoin means payment for the first online shops. now, for the first time will possible buy physical and digital products online stores and use hbc for real transactions. advantage for the costumer: this online shop solution enables the customer find real benefit for their homeblockcoins. exchange point that changes real goods for hbc created and the benefits and value stabilization homeblockcoin supported. consideration the investment always risky, you should read for all details and register directly the website homeblockcoin yourself. please not believe other people ask someone else invest for you prevent muggers deceive and impersonate homeblockcoin. all investors are requiered register directly homeblockcoin website and invest their money only. homeblockcoin not have policy invested other channels, apart from homeblockcoin website. welcome board your homeblockcoin team