table contents introduction terms industry issues and solutions issue fraudulent schemes personal identification issues ensuring results the issue security and stability cost issues the issue conflicts functionality and ease use internet advertising global market review internet advertising market volume performance marketing affiliate marketing description the hoqu platform functioning the platform registration the platform platform units technical features the platform creation affiliate program decentralized web application for affiliate network administrators registration lead the hoqu platform placement parameters token function and project economics marketing strategy development strategy and roadmap team advisors risks references introduction everyone familiar with services such uber and booking.com, but few people are aware that, fact, they are affiliate programs. affiliate program marketing model, where affiliate intermediary involved promotional campaign, and advertiser pays for end results. any advertiser can create their own affiliate program. they can independently using existing affiliate program constructs. the latter case, the advertiser subject the affiliate's costs, well the need combat potential fraudulent actions the part affiliates. moreover, the affiliates lack trust the advertiser, one can sure that results are not being concealed tampered with. such shortcomings are absent when advertiser relies the services affiliate network. however, costs rise results could commissions paid for the affiliate network. but, what solution could combine the benefits both approaches? introducing the world's first decentralized marketing platform hoqu. hoqu decentralized affiliate platform combining the performance-marketing model with blockchain technology. the aim the project create decentralized ecosystem, which will used build cpa services, ranging from affiliate programs affiliate networks and related products. hoqu integrates advertisers, networks and affiliates into single platform, significantly reducing the financial costs for all market participants. the project's mission make the distribution rewards the internet affiliate market more equitable, and set new standards transparency and efficiency benefit all conscientious market participants. our goal provide advertisers, affiliates, and affiliate networks with new service that internet marketing becomes easy for its participants, thus creating decentralized ecosystem where market participants can openly interact. the hoqu platform, advertiser can easily create affiliate offers, and the results affiliate advertising campaigns will stored distributed registries (blockchain). rewards will paid through smart contracts that guarantee honesty and transparency transactions. smart anti-fraud system developed part the advertiser's decentralized application will not allow affiliates engage fraudulent activities, and independent, decentralized audit appeal centers will address any emerging, controversial issues. the hoqu platform will also useful for existing affiliate networks. the sdk will enable one integrate networks with the platform, thereby lowering the cost paying affiliate fees. well, shall and add transparency your network enabling all affiliates registered within the platform work with affiliate programs the network. terms cpa cost per action payment for action. there are many ways pay for action, and the most popular ones are: spl: cost per lead payment for application/action. cps: cost per sale payment for confirmed sale. cpo: cost per order payment for order. cpc: cost per call payment for call. cpi: cost per install payment for the installation application. performance marketing marketing industry, whose goal achieve concrete, measurable results. its distinctive feature the ability all stages see specific, quantitative indicator that reflects the outcome each individual marketing activity (e.g., site visitor cost, application cost, call cost, order cost, and end cost attracting the customer who has carried out the target activity). affiliate marketing internet marketing industry that works the basis payment model for affiliates (web-masters) for each targeted action their customers (order, purchase, install, etc.). advertisers often not work directly, but through affiliate networks (cpa networks). affiliate networks (cpa networks) services the sector affiliate marketing, offering affiliates remuneration the basis the cpa model and providing advertisers services necessary for the establishment affiliate programs. affiliate networks charge advertisers for customer actions, pay commissions affiliates and charge commissions for the service. affiliate (web master, publisher, advert) professional marketer (or group marketers within single account affiliate network) who advertises the product service for advertisers and receives cash reward for the target action the client. advertiser this context one who incentivizes affiliates engage customers creating offers and paying the affiliates (often through affiliate networks) for targeted customer actions that match the conditions the offer. often, advertisers describe possible ways attracting customers providing materials, ready-made templates, scripts, and on. tracking tracking many different campaign metrics the affiliate marketing process. for example time, source, number target activities. fraud terms affiliate marketing, various ways deceiving the affiliate network and advertisers, order obtain monetary reward. varieties fraud may be: emulation target actions, spoofing the source introduced clients (cookie-stuffing), deceiving customers using misleading ads increase the likelihood target action (for example, using significantly lower price than the offer the advertiser) and others. 'shave' deception the affiliate network the advertiser affiliate, which downplays the performance advertising campaign order pay less. lead the target action customer response campaign: sales, order, call, register, application installation (install), etc. offer advertising proposal attract targeted activities from advertisers affiliate networks. industry issues and solutions the stagnation the traditional advertising industry and the development digital methods attracting customers make the question the future internet advertising more relevant. the international advertising bureau identified the main problem for internet advertising and performance marketing the establishing common client action accounting mechanisms between advertisers and affiliates. thus, the main problem this market establishing trust between the parties. issue fraudulent schemes fraud: the part affiliates relation advertisers: the area e-commerce, affiliates could visit web the sites themselves and place orders. they could use "gray" dubious schemes obtain customers' personal data and pass them off the advertiser their own clients. when making payments, in-house personnel could make calls, impersonating customers. the part affiliate networks: showing advertisers exaggerated number leads; discreetly debit advertisers' accounts. shave: the part advertisers relation affiliates: informing affiliate that order has not been delivered and refusing pay commission customer's purchase. ignoring customer's calls, identifying the caller's and contacting them directly. modifying the affiliate network code proprietary website that not all leads are recorded the affiliate system. the part affiliate networks: paying incorrect sums for customer activities affiliate. displaying understated estimates for leads affiliates. discreetly debiting affiliates' accounts. the losses presented such problems can make significant portion the advertising budget, causing financial losses advertisers and affiliates. according study carried out applift and forensiq,- companies specializing mobile network application development, advertisements mobile devices are suspicious. the aforementioned identified fraudulent.[] according estimates the videology marketing company, the use bots unconscientious publishers for feigning customer action caused damage the amount and billion respectively for and .[] according the partnership marketing company and adloox audit, losses from fraud could make billion (more than the global internet advertising market). artificially generated machine traffic big problem for the industry. the incapsula content delivery network reported that website sessions were conducted bots[]. this due the imperfection classic advertising models and their methods payment. order reduce the share poor traffic, the advertising industry should further develop the use the performance-marketing model. the best manifestation performance marketing affiliate marketing. when working with this model, affiliates have interest increasing sales and customer health, and there sense attracting irrelevant traffic. with blockchain technology and smart contracts, the reputation control system and cpa system, hoqu completely eliminates opportunity for fraud. civic user identification scheme personal identification issues traditional advertising services not completely solve the problem remote identification individuals; this contributes the growth shave and fraud. the hoqu system, user identification carried out via the civic[], blockchainplatform, which successfully addresses the problem remote identification and can integrated with other blockchain solutions. ensuring results when ordering adverts via advertisements from traditional advertising exchanges, advertisers have guarantee that their investment will produce the desired result. new advertising networks using the programmatic model (sociomantic and criteo) have improved the algorithm for their work, but they not give advertisers any guarantees increasing sales because they are paid for advertisements rather than for customer activity. working using the performance marketing model, hoqu fundamentally different from classic advertising exchanges, and able demonstrate more efficient advertising campaign. the issue security and stability security current affiliate networks poor. centralized network hacked, attackers can access all accounts the system. also, the case technical failure centralized platform, all affiliate networks stop working until the cause resolved. thanks blockchain solutions, members the hoqu platform are not connected each other this way and are not affected hacking. hoqu's decentralized software solution allows modules self-contained; the event program malfunction any the modules, the platform continues work. cost issues the traditional business model for centralized affiliate platform has high threshold for entering affiliate networks. also, centralized platforms charge for their services. for example, the hasoffers affiliate platform, the minimum entry fee per month, the affise platform and the cake platform per month. with registration the hoqu affiliate network, each affiliate and advertiser gains free access. hoqu does not charge for platform use. blockchain solutions reduce the cost storing platform user data and reduce the commission for affiliates and advertisers. one should pay particular attention the low rate payments for affiliate services. centralized affiliate networks, payments traditional platforms and networks take between few days months process. hoqu smart contract payments take minutes. the issue conflicts customers many cpa networks have trust them without being able audit the results their work. this often leads various conflict situations. hoqu, through its tracking mechanism and smart contracts, ensures that all the conditions customer's offer are transparent. this ensures transparency and honesty relationships between advertisers, affiliates, and affiliate networks. the hoqu platform, affiliate network acts against affiliate's interests, protection can sought filing request the appeal centers. the case inadequate service delivery, unconscientious advertisers and affiliates will obliged return funds. violating the rules the platform will lower the reputation the unconscientious party. further combat fraud, the platform provides filtering and detection questionable sources traffic. functionality and ease use existing platforms provide only services users. hoqu works with all possible types customer action and, addition services, offers several other types collaboration: ready open-source software. api for integration. sdk for the development customers' own affiliate networks other services. the hoqu platform, one can use both web application and mobile app for ios and android. given the steady growth mobile traffic worldwide internet advertising, the development its mobile application will allow hoqu gain additional competitive advantages. also worth noting that there convenient mechanism for dealing with large amounts data from advertisers when working with multiple cpa networks. result, advertisers have problem evaluating the effectiveness advertising campaigns. the hoqu platform stores data blockchain, which allows advertisers see all affiliate programs and analyze their results for each type customer activity (leads, installs, calls, sales, etc.). additionally, member the platform can generate report user-friendly manner with the information they require. current centralized affiliate networks and platforms are largely opaque and incapable solving the aforementioned problems. hoqu technologically surpasses the competition and, thanks the design team's solutions, can address most current market problems. internet advertising world market review internet advertising market volume the world market for internet advertising grew annually from []. the share television advertising costs has traditionally been higher than that internet advertising. share internet advertising has exceeded the share advertising.[] according the statista portal, the market for internet advertising will billion.[] the scope internet advertising continues grow. according the dentsu aegis communication group, the share internet advertising will exceed the total advertising market countries: australia, the united kingdom, denmark, china, the netherlands, new zealand, norway, and sweden.[] according forecast magna, the global share internet advertising will increase from the following forecast for the restructuring the advertising market from magna. according emarketer, the market volume for internet advertising will amount billion the year .[] the world's largest countries are presented the graph[]: online advertising market volume country, $bln. performance marketing relatively new phenomenon the internet advertising market has been the growing popularity performance marketing. russia, the first half the market for performance marketing amounted billion rubles, which the total advertising market during this period, second only television.[] compared with the equivalent period the performance marketing industry russia showed increase %.[] the uk, the market for performance marketing was ps. billion, which more than was .[] thanks the use performance marketing, the united kingdom goods and services were sold for total amount ps. billion. each invested performance marketing resulted sales returns ps..[] the popularity performance marketing attributable the increasing cost attracting users. these circumstances, advertisers prefer pay only for targeted customer actions. the international advertising bureau has identified the main problem performance marketing the development reliable common customer accountability mechanisms between advertisers and affiliates (tracking and analytics). the introduction blockchain technologies the industry can solve this problem, creating convenient and transparent mechanisms for the accountability customer activities.[] affiliate marketing according estimates made the awin marketing company, the total world market this industry billion.[] the opinion expert eugeni prussakov, affiliate programs generate between and all online sales for advertisers.[] one the reasons for the growing popularity affiliate marketing startups the desire investors test the viability projects early stage. according the business insider advertising agency, about total revenue the internet advertising industry generated the area affiliate marketing.[] the volume the affiliate marketing industry the united states billion.[] the uk, this figure about billion.[] according the manager the neo@ogilvy singapore affiliate marketing service, william hammer jones, the biggest prospects for the development cpa networks the pacific rim countries are china, taiwan, hong kong, japan, korea, and australia. the reasons are economic growth these countries general, and e-commerce particular.[] according estimates the japanese consulting company yano, the volume the market for affiliate marketing japan was billion yen about billion and continues grow.[] diagram interaction members the hoqu ecosystem description the hoqu platform functioning the platform the hoqu platform provides wide range opportunities not only advertisers and affiliates but also affiliate networks. two operation modes are possible the hoqu platform: direct interaction between advertisers and affiliates, and collaboration between advertisers and affiliates through interaction with affiliate networks. the hoqu ecosystem involves several key players: merchant (advertiser); affiliate (partner); affiliate network (partner network); customer (client). the advertiser hosts offers hoqu, aimed specific kind data (leads) for which they are willing pay specified cost. affiliate wanting promote advertiser's offer independently deploys and maintains marketing network attracting customers. through marketing resources (websites, call centers, outdoor ads, etc.), the affiliate generates flow leads that are collected and processed tracking services for particular offer. the tracking-service creates the lead data and adds key information about the platform (through the api calling the smart contract method directly). the advertiser approves the added lead calling the appropriate api method the smart contract method directly, they will charge the cost the lead the account and send the affiliate, minus the platform commission. endorsing the lead, the advertiser gains access information about the lead and can obtain full lead data (with the help the tracking service unpacking the lead data with the help the key.) the hoqu platform provides the opportunity working not only with advertisers and affiliates, but also with affiliate networks. affiliate network can place all its offers and leads the platform. any affiliate already working with the platform will able see and work with the offers affiliate network without any additional customization. registration the platform before starting work the platform, user must register with the web service hoqu.com, confirming their phone number and e-mail address. registration the hoqu platform the next step for the user undergo verification. currently, verification shall enlist the aid civic's services, but, the future, internal verification may implemented, which would require the user's and registration address. next, ethereum hot wallet created, giving the user personal ethereum address and private key the wallet, required access their personal account other devices. the next step for the user indicate their role the system advertiser affiliate. depending their selected role, they are given access appropriate personal account. platform units decentralized web applications will designed work with the platform and can accessed through hoqu.com, well sdk for custom solution developers. the applications will include: advertiser's application; affiliate's application; affiliate network administrator application; application for the appeal/audit service operator. each web application will have public api for obtaining information about user. advertisers and affiliate network applications shall have additional private api for providing affiliate program information. data from the blockchain will collected real time, then processed and stored relational database. any user registered the platform can work with the database through the public api. because the platform uses the ethereum blockchain, this feature needed ensure that users not have incur additional overheads burning gas when they receive data directly. such architecture allows new users work with the platform without wasting time, whilst taking full advantage decentralized solutions well integrating with the platform. using the sdk, all existing affiliate networks will able add their solutions the benefits the decentralized hoqu platform. operating conditions advertisers: the possibility work with any affiliate network the platform through the web client mobile application (ios/android) unless affiliate network prohibits this. the possibility selecting the defining activity the transaction (cpa, cpl, cpi, cpc, cps). payment made only for the selected transaction type included the smart contract. easy development your own affiliate network with all the tools and affiliate database the platform. the possibility working with affiliates directly for commission. confidence the integrity affiliates (affiliate network). guaranteed availability the required number transactions for any field activity. the possibility challenge transactions through appeal centers. affiliate operating conditions: the ability work with any affiliate network the platform through the web client mobile application (ios/android) unless the affiliate network prohibits it. any individual organization matching platform criteria specific offer can work with the platform. the right complain about unconscientious affiliate networks advertisers. selection affiliate program and offer according the best reward model (cpa, cpl, cpc, cps, cpi). seasoned professionals, reliable affiliates and novices the field affiliate networks can all work with the platform. the event collaboration with affiliate network, one can make payments convenient form. operating conditions affiliate networks: the possibility working with any affiliate advertiser through the web client mobile app (ios/android), this not limited the privacy settings. the possibility creating services for cash input and withdrawal the platform. adding advertising offers the platform. offer added affiliate network, considered the actual owner the offer, but the advertiser its nominal owner. only the owner the offer can perform different actions with (change the cost and terms the deal, activate and deactivate offers, and on). support service. development promo materials and help with setting tracking services. estimation the offer's cost. appeal and audit centers: the appeal centre unit within the hoqu platform that regulates and audits the mechanisms the service. any member the hoqu platform may appeal the action another participant submitting application the appeal center. when complaint received, the center conducts semi-automatic review the parties the conflict and makes its decision. functions: performing independent investigations into the appeals advertisers and making decisions about them. monitoring the reputation platform participants. verifying affiliates' reputational feedback from advertisers. the appeal centers have their own rating that dependent the adoption equitable and prompt decisions appeals arising. fraudulent activities are detected, the centers have the right downgrade the reputation these members the platform and prohibit them work with the materials and objects they own. technical features the platform interaction between members the hoqu ecosystem maintained through ethereum blockchain solutions. basic platform functionality implemented through smart contracts whose source code available github[]. the hoqu platform will have set decentralized applications, with the help which one can easily add offers and leads, well create custom affiliate networks from scratch with all the benefits offered the platform. hoqu will have many preinstalled modules, well feature enabling the creation custom modules (plug-ins). merchant app affiliate app creation affiliate program within advertiser's decentralized web application, advertiser has the opportunity create their own affiliate program, where they can register offers the system setting the rules for and the amount affiliate's reward. affiliate can receive reward for various types application leads, activities, installs, calls, gea, and more. affiliates can also have objective (scoring performed automatically) and subjective (scoring performed after the body the lead evaluated the operator) evaluation criteria. how create affiliate program reward amounts are determined hoqu platform tokens (hqx). reward can have fixed value, may calculated percentage the value attracted lead. also possible fix the cost lead any fiat currency. this case, the value lead will calculated hqx tokens the internal exchange rate current the moment the lead was created the hoqu.com web service. affiliate program can created either directly advertiser their personal account affiliate network behalf the advertiser, having become member advance. the event that affiliate program created affiliate network, all editing and publishing rights belong the affiliate network, the data stored the network database, and the advertiser the nominal owner. after the affiliate program created, its header data are placed the blockchain. full data the affiliate program located the advertisers' relational database affiliate network, depending who the creator the affiliate program is. access data this database, one can use api, whose logon credentials are also stored the blockchain along with affiliate program data. access data through the api, user working with affiliate network, when affiliate program has private status, users need private api key issued affiliate network members issued advertisers upon affiliate's request. addition, the affiliate program has the api credentials the supporting services the lead tracker and the authorized appeal center. affiliate network app decentralized web application for affiliate network administrators decentralized affiliate network administrator application allows one create and deploy affiliate networks the hoqu platform. this application has built-in trackers that can work with any kind payment for action cpl, cps, cpo, cpc, cpi, and others. the affiliate network administrator application consists many modules: hum (hoqu user management) system for managing the administrators (users) affiliate network, with feature for creating different roles, adding and restricting different access rights. hafs (hoqu anti-fraud system) anti-fraud system that identifies fraudulent leads using more than different metrics, neural networks and machine learning. hat (hoqu automation tools) automation tool that includes tools for creating templates for promo materials, and tools for developing operating strategy for affiliate programs using specified algorithms, allowing increase the kpi. ham (hoqu affiliate management) system that allows affiliate members network join different groups, assign them different ranks and influence the reputation participants. hpd (hoqu plugins development) each affiliate network can use different plugins for customization, and also possible create custom plug-ins made available affiliates. hsr (hoqu statistic reports) the system displays statistics with different data real time and enables the creation various user reports, and uploading data excel. hdpn (hoqu dedicated phone numbers) system allowing one associate different phone number with specific affiliate's work (required when using the pay per call model). hoqu support system for communication with affiliates and advertisers that includes ticketing subsystem and chat with users. affiliate can start working with affiliate network becoming member. so, they must meet the conditions participation (territory, reputation, etc.) and apply through the public api the affiliate network obtain private api key access the affiliate network data. public api credentials can provided affiliate the affiliate network itself, obtained from blockchain calling special method the smart contract. the request includes the logon credentials for the public api affiliate's web application, through which the affiliate network can obtain all required affiliate data. approved, the collaboration will recorded the affiliate network blockchain through the appropriate smart contract method. how join the affiliate network order avoid mass registration empty affiliates, the affiliate network can given different auto-rejection criteria for submitted applications manual confirmation applications from the affiliate network administrator's office. after the collaboration recorded, affiliate, through the affiliate network api, receives affiliate program data well widget data that designed the affiliate network facilitate work with its affiliate programs. ticketing and chat subsystem also available for communication with the representatives affiliate network. registration lead the hoqu platform registration lead the hoqu platform for lead registration, the platform uses special services known trackers. tracker has its own ethereum address, relational database, and special software registering different types transactions (leads). trackers have permission determine the method adding lead the smart contract. the tracker software can regulate not only the leads but also how these leads are sold whether directly the advertiser auctioned. anyone who wants register their tracker can this determining special smart contract method, specifying the type lead accepted, well access credentials the public api the tracker. the approximate scenario for typical tracker follows. the affiliate passes the lead through the tracker api, the tracker widget, the tracker api, and on, and primary processing the lead done without registering the blockchain. this stage, the user protected against mass lead-adding attack, which, detected, can lead blocking the private api-key affiliate. the lead then registered the blockchain determining the special tracker smart contract method, which first checks for links between the affiliate and the affiliate program, and then adds the metadata the blockchain. the lead approval event added the scheduler queue with hold time (payment delay) stipulated the terms the affiliate program that determines this smart contract method, which charges tokens the address the advertiser, and ensures all interested parties are paid. the event successful sale, the advertiser receives full access key the data, and the affiliate and affiliate network have restricted access key. the blockchain stores only the headers the lead, the party identifiers and the public tracker api credentials which give access the body the lead. placement parameters hqx tokens will issued according the erc standard the ethereum blockchain. the total number issued tokens will hqx, and new tokens will issued. tokens assigned the team will frozen for months, with further gradual defrosting per quarter the original quantity. general parameters: token: hqx total emissions: hqx total amount sold: total token issuance hqx private-sale the tokens sold hqx pre-sale sold tokens hqx sale the tokens sold hqx accepted currencies: ethereum (eth) total hard cap: eth pre-sale parameters: pre-sale dates: sales volume pre-sale: hqx hard cap pre-sale: eth pre-sale price: eth hqx (bonus included) minimum buying transaction: eth maximum buying transaction: unlimited bonuses: the bonus the price the main sale main sale parameters: main sale dates: sales volume main sale: hqx hard cap main sale: eth main sale price: hqx eth; eth hqx minimum buying transaction: eth maximum buying transaction: unlimited bonus system during the main sale period bonus number tokens hqx hqx hqx hqx hqx hqx hqx hqx token distribution: for sale: hqx hoqu team: hqx advisors, bounty, marketing for main sale: hqx ecosystem: hqx frequently asked questions how participate the hoqu token sale? take part the token sale, you need get whitelisted. note that the whitelist only has limited number spots. the whitelist registration will closed once have received pre-set number requests. each participant will have their personal account with step-by-step instruction how buy hqx tokens. can send eth from exchange the token wallet? no, you cannot. you send eth from exchange the token sale wallet, they will most likely lost. you must send eth from any ethereum wallet: myetherwallet (no download needed), parity (desktop), mist (desktop), imtoken (iphone), imtoken (android). what not all hqx tokens are sold the token sale? the hard cap not reached the end the token sale, then all unsold tokens will expire. where can investors see their token sale balance? the obtained tokens shall visible immediately upon acquisition the balance located the user page. two three days after the end the token sale, all hqx tokens shall distributed onto ethereum wallets. bounty rrogram: total issuance (,, hqx) will allocated the bounty program, which will distributed follows: signature and avatar campaign. content creation. translation and moderation. social media (https://bounty.hoqu.io bonus available kpi reached): including twitter, facebook, medium, telegram, youtube, reddit, instagram and wechat. affiliate program: hoqu has used performance marketing model since the very beginning the project. offer affiliate program which the total issuance will allocated (,, hqx). tokens will distributed among affiliates according their invested amounts. the affiliate program will launched from the beginning the pre-sale and will run until the end the main sale. token function and project economics key component the economy the hoqu project will the hqx token, which will perform infrastructural function and required for transactions between platform members. the rewards for affiliate networks and affiliates will have fixed price dollars well floating price tokens. hqx tokens will receive turnover via: payment for affiliate network services advertisers. payments from affiliate networks. payments from advertisers affiliates. hqx will exchanged platform-independent exchanges. the following assumptions were made when building the financial model: according the statista portal, the internet advertising market will amount almost billion. internet advertising market volume grew annually over the last seven years. according the financial model, the growth the internet advertising market for the next six years (from will annually. the market for performance marketing different countries -%, and the financial model this figure performance marketing growing faster than the internet advertising market. according some estimations, the share performance marketing within the internet market share advertising will increasing annually the next six years. performance marketing market size and hoqu's share estimated that the market size for performance marketing the end the year will have grown from the current billion billion, and six years hoqu could occupy share the internet advertising market. the hoqu platform's turnover and revenue with the market share, the quarterly turnover the hoqu platform will exceed billion the end the year and the quarterly revenues from the platform's commissions will million, reaching million within six years. but hoqu not purely platform for cpa marketing, also affiliate platform broader sense, because hoqu not limited internet marketing. possible use other media for advertising, such television, outdoor advertising, printing, radio, advertising transport and others. potential revenue from these directions for the hoqu platform not taken into account the financial model, but will present the actual operation the platform. the distribution model for token sale funds follows: according calculations, the attracted funds are sufficient fully develop and maintain the functioning the platform for least years. this period sufficient for the project achieve positive operating profit, even under conservative scenario. with more optimistic scenario for the development the platform and the market, the project shall achieve positive operating profits after years. operating surplus hoqu marketing strategy its activities hoqu will rely primarily the team's long experience, well its relations, affiliates and clients. the marketcall project launched hoqu only two years has become leader among cpa networks the cis countries with respect calls. the marketcall system has already more than advertisers and more than affiliates: from professional marketers with large teams affiliate-owners small themed sites. the entire business the marketcall project will transferred the hoqu platform. hoqu plans focus the following markets: north america: united states, canada. south america: brazil, argentina, chile. europe: germany, great britain, france, netherlands. asia: china, india, japan. performance marketing gradually gaining popularity among advertisers, especially the countries listed above. the following information provided potential markets for hoqu: e-commerce one the first markets where the performance marketing model has been actively applied e-commerce. e-commerce sales amounted trillion worldwide and and billion the united states.[][] tourism and travel tourism and travel large market, with proportionate advertising budgets. companies selling tickets, tours and that receive income from hotels can only benefit from paying for the marketing their services. the cost internet advertising for one the world's largest travel companies, the priceline group, was billion .[] the volume online sales the tourism industry was billion.[] mobile applications affiliate marketing often used distribute mobile applications that can only advertised through the internet. paying publishers for each application install the cpa model one the most popular ways promoting mobile applications. the total marketing costs application installs the united states amounted billion, according statista.[] financial services the financial services sector considered highly promising for the implementation performance marketing technologies. growing competition the industry making traditional payments for clicks and ads less profitable for financial institutions.[] according emarketer, the total cost internet advertising the financial sector the united states will billion .[] vehicles and real estate the moment, performance marketing practically non-operational automobile sales and million cars were sold worldwide.[] analysts from cbre believe that online real estate sales will continue grow,[] and real estate buyers use internet searches.[] however, large purchases such automobiles real estate can mutually beneficial for the performance marketing advertiser and the affiliate, for example, the cps (cost per sale) model. this model allows one increase rewards for affiliates and effectiveness advertising for advertisers the same time, because affiliates will have interest actual sales. the funds attracted (the hard cap million) will allocated hoqu platform marketing, and expansion (opening additional offices) the countries mentioned above planned, which will require million attracted funds the hard cap reached. development strategy and roadmap hoqu has significant competitive advantages over centralized affiliate platforms. the main strategy for the development the project realize these advantages. comparison hoqu with centralized affiliate platforms centralized platform hoqu platform high commissions low commissions high cost free use difficult start easy start work instability module independence advertisers' funds are allocated the payment commissions intermediaries: banks, payment systems, advertising agencies and platforms. affiliate networks pay for the use existing platforms monthly basis invest developing proprietary systems. the traditional platform operating model has high entry threshold for affiliate networks. when centralized platform fails, all affiliate networks stop working, until the cause identified and the problem resolved. commission for transactions and the lack intermediaries make the platform more profitable for advertisers and affiliates. hoqu provides the facility for using its blockchain platform all affiliate networks additional cost. after the simple registration affiliate network the platform, each affiliate and advertiser gains access the platform for work. other modules not influence work the platform any way, and work continues even neighboring module has failed. affiliate marketing industry without hoqu the commission banks and payment systems for affiliates and advertisers makes turnover. the advertising agencies and cpa network fees make turnover. advertising sites and services commission makes turnover. affiliate marketing industry with hoqu hoqu realizes that traditional affiliate networks currently function with fiat currencies only. however, possibilities for buying goods and services for cryptocurrencies are rapidly growing. the crypto industry new and fast-growing market, and hoqu can offer new possibilities its participants. course, the existence ethereum wallets and the need for the use smart contracts impose certain restrictions participants the system, requiring them have sufficient level technical expertise and resources. hoqu will accommodate network participants who are not ready build their own technical solutions using the hoqu sdk. hoqu will offer simpler, more intuitive web-based application (for which both desktop and mobile versions will available), the server aspect which realizes all the above logic and addresses smart contract methods using the service api. this does not violate the principles openness and decentralization, all operations will continue performed through the blockchain, but via the hoqu api. platform participants will then able simply obtain account the hoqu system, add the required budget using any convenient currency and start work using the system. using hoqu, advertisers work directly with affiliates and save around their advertising budget. the hoqu commission for the deal constitues .%. the emergence such blockchain projects adex, qchain, adchain and papyrus attests the great potential the blockchain industry. however, transfer traditional advertising exchanges blockchain systems, which these projects offer will not fundamentally change the way the market works. sooner later, classical models will yield performance marketing and one the most effective models, namely affiliate marketing. hoqu plans continue active development the project and update its releases. there great potential for using hoqu the areas cryptocurrency retail and e-commerce, cryptocurrency exchanges and services, well affiliate programs for icos and tokensales. the team's further plans for platform development will announced subsequently. more detailed description development phases can found https://www.hoqu.io. far, the main planned stages the project's development are: development the cpl smart contract prototype and the decentralized affiliate application january trackers payment type march decentralized affiliate network application september release the appeal center operator and administrator decentralized application february developer tool kit (sdk) november development smart contracts for all payment types (cpa, cpl, cpc, cps, cpi) february release the decentralized affiliate/advertiser application may launch the world's first decentralized affiliate network the hoqu platform october decentralized platform mobile application march hoqu focuses effective interaction with professional marketers and industry experts, with whom hoqu will create one the best marketing blockchain platforms the world. advertisers will able increase the effectiveness their advertising campaigns, and affiliates and affiliate networks will gain direct access the customer base. provide affiliate networks with inexpensive infrastructure that technologically superior its counterparts. there are other blockchain-based affiliate networks with smart contract system present the market. team advisors started working the internet marketing field the early gradually developing our expertise, were among the first russia establish our own agency for seo promotion promopage, and created the real estate aggregator move.ru and number other projects. professionals the advertising industry, have noticed how poorly advertising campaigns are sometimes realized. many advertisers and advertising agencies have faulty objectives, which lead ineffective budgeting. unsurprisingly, advertisers are increasingly dissatisfied with the payment mechanism used publishers and webmasters when paid ads clicks are not converted into sales. set affiliate network for calling marketcall, which works using the performance-marketing model, where advertiser pays only for results: targeted calls from clients. two years work have become leaders the number attracted targeted calls the cis market. this year, industry event, met the co-founder ibcg, expert the field cryptocurrency and blockchain, roman kaufman. thanks roman, realized the potential the introduction blockchain technology the area affiliate internet marketing. ralph liu hoqu advisor ralph investment banker, and venture investor the field blockchain technologies. developed and headed the program for the joint management real estate farjho, and program for the joint ownership and lease works art. ralph founder and managing director advanced risk management solutions, former vice president ubs, managing director jpmorgan chase and morgan stanley, executive vice president and investment director china everbright bank. https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralphyliu/ dr. moe levin hoqu advisor chief executive officer (ceo) keynote, investor high-tech startups, and advisor governments, regulators, banks, and venture-backed companies. moe also the co-founder the first accredited blockchain academy, early investor rsk labs, labfresh, dropbox, and others. prior founding keynote, moe was responsible for launching venture-backed startup europe which raised from richard branson, index ventures and others. https://www.linkedin.com/in/moelevin/ kenneth goodwin jr. hoqu advisor kenneth globally dynamic executive with over years banking and capital markets experience, former u.s. white house business council/business forward member, college adjunct professor and lecturer international trade, forensic investigation methodology, and entrepreneurial c-suite executive for fdi projects us, asia (china, japan) and africa. https://www.linkedin.com/in/akennethgoodwinjr/ https://youtu.be/qaceobsha alex shifrin hoqu advisor proven advertising professional with solid history successful entrepreneurship and international experience. currently active managing partner lp/ad, torontobased creative agency boutique, focusing revenue growth and market development. previously served regional ceo saatchi&saatchi. prior that held the post managing director. previous this position, was managing partner and founder tcf, advertising boutique, which was acquired saatchi&saatchi. https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexshifrin/ https://youtu.be/zjptufrpzi alexey shmonov hoqu ceo and co-founder online advertising expert and entrepreneur. co-founder one russia's first affiliate networks marketcall, the move. real estate website, and multiple e-commerce projects. alexey integrated paypass into turkpay the company's coo. https://www.linkedin.com/in/aleksey-shmonov-ab/ https://twitter.com/liveeye andrey duzhnikov hoqu cto and co-founder head hoqu's development team. andrey has years' experience it. has expertise high-load services and neural networks. co-founder marketcall and move.ru. manages and web development marketcall and move.ru. alexander duzhnikov hoqu coo and co-founder years' experience online entrepreneurship, co-founder russia's largest real estate website move.ru, co-founder ppc affiliate network marketcall, co-founder multiple e-commerce projects, including top party costume online store vkostume.ru. frequently participates and speaks cpa events cis countries. organizer annual move realty awards. https://www.linkedin.com/in/aleksandr-duzhnikov/ roman kaufman hoqu cvo and co-founder has expertise digital economics and blockchain technology. co-founder ibcg, the largest blockchain community russia and eastern europe with over members. one the major blockchain specialists. frequent speaker high-profile blockchain-themed events. builds and maintains relationships with investor communities and venture funds. https://www.linkedin.com/in/roman-k-/ https://twitter.com/romanhq maxim anikeev hoqu cmo and co-founder online marketing expert and entrepreneur. co-founder and ceo promopage. has more than years' experience it. partner several promopage-related projects. co-founder and marketing head the east lines transportation company (top moscow). established the lifespain.com website. https://www.linkedin.com/in/maxim-anikeev-b/ abdelrahman younis hoqu business development middle east the delegate the future marketing arab countries, such the uae, saudi arabia, kuwait, egypt, jordan, qatar. participates multiple thematic conferences, builds relationships with local companies and investors. has b.a. english studies and m.a. translation. mike zarubin hoqu business development asia the top-manager large distribution business chinese vehicles russia. has successful experience development international projects government level since expert it, trade industry relations with china. graduated from emba imisp'. rouben alikian communications specialist and editor-in-chief has extensive experience written communications and linguistics services after having worked for many years such global communications firms abbyy language services, neotech and others. has also worked internal and external communications specialist kpmg and another prominent legal firm director. rouben fluent five languages and the author multiple books. has b.a. marketing and b.a. english language. pankaj mondal hoqu associate editor conducts editorial operations within the organization. writes blockchain and digital marketing topics for host publications. expert content marketer. https://www.linkedin.com/in/pankajmondal/ sugimori asian market digital marketing consultant has worked the personal media international web consultancy, one the leading japanese consultancies, localization manager, business developer and bespoke website creation server facilitator. has also worked with major airlines, travel agencies, telecommunications companies. https://www.linkedin.com/in/kosugimori/ wei hoqu sales management officer responsible for interaction with key clients and expanding the hoqu client base china. wayne has extensive experience the electronics industry after having worked kontech electronics, establishing successful trade relations between russia and china. alex tsanev hoqu brand identity designer specializes branding and logo design development. his works and achievements design are published and featured major design related platforms, and some can seen printed editions. currently works independent consultant helping various businesses from all over the world have competitive visual style. https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexander-tsanev-/ timur poltorykhin international business developer and shareholders board advisor entrepreneur, expert and business coach internet marketing, forex industry and project management. former ceo leadmonster.com, coo move.ru, marketcall. for the past years was deeply internet things (iot) industry. ceo rtlservice.com yuri yuriev hoqu top analyst yuri has headed analytical departments move.ru, marketcall, and major e-commerce projects. late picked cryptocurrencies hobby. did mining professionally and contributed creating large bitcoin pool. ilya mesheryakov hoqu head affiliate department worked for lead monster, the international microfinance affiliate network. cpa marketing expert. advanced skills project management, affiliate relations, and exploring new business opportunities. svetlana fedorova hoqu event manager event marketing expert. svetlana has five years' experience building and promoting brands through event marketing. project management, conference and producing speeches. the head of, and the mastermind behind the move realty awards. alexander shkarupa hoqu head quality control and fraud detection department affiliate relations manager. lead expert affiliate services quality control. master advertising. nikita ogoltsov hoqu lead email marketing specialist joined major e-commerce project, mamsy.ru. since nikita has headed the email marketing department marketcall. expert subscriber relations and communication strategies. alexey kuznetsov hoqu lead targeted advertising specialist alexey joined the large e-commerce project printbar.ru. since has managed targeted advertising campaigns marketcall. knows how drive traffic and boost conversion. anastasia amelina hoqu top analyst expert automated reporting and power bi. has experience managing big volumes data for digital projects the same time. mikhail klopyzhnikov hoqu project manager mikhail manages the content creation process for hoqu.io and social media. from worked for rosbank, binbank, and russian capital bank (russia's top- banks). has progressed from being loan expert retail adviser the chairman the board sales points, subordinates). since mikhail has headed the development department promopage. olga stefeeva hoqu editor, author lsi copywriting specialist. olga has more than years' experience online marketing. since she has headed the copywriting department promopage. ilyas akhmedov hoqu video and graphic producer co-founder the ldk video production company. certified apple instructor for final cut pro teaches video editing. film editor. egor gorbunov hoqu seo analyst seo strategies for affiliate websites, consulting and support. since egor has studied search engine ranking algorithms promopage. head seo department promopage. andrey volchkov hoqu seo specialist builds and maintains relationships with key seo partners. knows how drive target traffic affiliate websites, boost conversion, and generate leads. sergey skunov hoqu senior developer director marketcall since sergey involved developing and maintaining whole array marketcall services. keen innovative technologies, neural networks, and mining. sergey bakhmet hoqu full-stack programmer sergey was involved developing and maintaining novostroyki.org, real estate website russia's new housing. contributed maintaining few major e-commerce projects (vkostume.ru, vipbikini.ru, military.ru). andrey grishin hoqu full-stack programmer full-stack programmer. since andrey has been involved developing new services and maintaining major e-commerce projects (vkostume.ru, vipbikini.ru, military.ru). alexander zosimov hoqu full-stack programmer since alexander has been involved developing and maintaining the move.ru real estate website. takes interest php, yii, laravel, lumen, doctrine, zf, js, webpack and vue. vladimir kamensky hoqu project manager since vladimir has worked project manager for the real estate website move.ru, the new housing website novostroyki.org, and the online stores vkostume.ru, military.ru, and vipbikini.ru. since has managed the development e-commerce management system for ec-crm.ru. was involved designing the marketcall affiliate system. keen high-load projects and big data. alexander krivtsun senior developer, hoqu smart contract developer since alexander has been involved developing and designing the first version marketcall affiliate system. takes interest new programming skills, neural networks, and development blockchain-based decentralized apps. denis degterin senior developer, hoqu smart contract developer denis developed and designed the first version the marketcall affiliate system. takes interest neural networks and development blockchain-based decentralized apps. konstantin lozhkin senior developer, hoqu ad-tech developer konstantin was involved designing and developing discount system for groupon.uz. has worked web developer oi.uz and seon.asia. since has been involved developing and maintaining novostroyki.org, real estate website russia's new housing. contributes maintaining the move.ru and marketcall websites. keen high-load projects, enterprise development, and vr/ar. thanks performance marketing and blockchain technology, are now the verge establishing new market for internet advertising, where budgets are most efficiently spent effective customer engagement greater profit for those involved facilitating the transition. hoqu's pioneering entry into the market will lead radical changes the industry. our expert analysis has shown that the changes are line with the needs market participants, and that new technologies have made possible technically organize the process entirely new level quality. advertising integral part our lives and critical component the economy. drives business and helps customers make quality choices. with the unstoppable introduction blockchain technology into more areas business (finance, tourism, real estate, etc.), new multi-billion dollar markets will made available. hoqu pioneering the creation profitable platform that will help realize new opportunities for all involved making marketing accessible and more attractive venture. investing the establishment hoqu the market, participants shall automatically gain access the vast, untapped profit potential decentralized marketing. risks regulatory risks the adoption new laws regulating cryptocurrency turnover and the implementation token sales worldwide just beginning. hoqu warns investors that not responsible for possible changes the project the event possible restriction cryptocurrency projects and tokensales different jurisdictions. china and the united states prohibit their citizens from participating investments high-risk projects related the cryptocurrency market, cannot accept investments from the citizens the aforementioned countries and jurisdictions. blockchain technology recent development, and the technical and legal issues associated with are virtually unregulated nonexistent. hoqu notes that not responsible for possible adoption laws regulating blockchain technology any country that would adversely affect the development the project the entire crypto industry. technological risks open protocol creates additional risks for the development hoqu. platform can target for cyberattacks that will have negative impact its cost, reputation, tools, and customers' personal data. the team will engage every resource its disposal ensure the project's safety, but notes that not impervious. the creation blockchain platform the area internet advertising new challenge requiring human resources and the necessary material and technical resources. there risk that hoqu will require more investment develop than anticipated the current stage. addition, there risk that the necessary expertise successfully launch the project could not attracted. financial risks investments companies, cryptocurrency and various tokensales are considered high-risk. investments hoqu not guarantee income. there risk incurring serious losses. the hqx token used exchange tool between all members the hoqu platform pay for advertising content. does not provide the right vote the right property hoqu inc. the platform does not translate hqx tokens into fiat currencies and not responsible for the fluctuation the hqx token listed third-party exchanges. cryptocurrencies currently have high volatility. financial losses are possible the event acute fluctuations cryptocurrency fiat currencies. any jurisdiction implements law with adverse effects the crypto industry, translation tokens fiat currency could become difficult impossible. when tokens are exchanged fiat, the relevant services could charge commission and the government the relevant jurisdiction could mandate payment taxes. new laws are enacted any the world's jurisdictions, there risk that investors obliged pay taxes additional charges against any funds invested hoqu. after investing the token sale and before the launch the project, investors could lack the ability use tokens any way sell them. industry risks the hoqu team does not guarantee successful project development return investment. competition the field internet marketing continues grow. alternative projects could successful, which will have negative impact the position hoqu investors. the performance marketing model also has critics among publishers. many publishers currently not work with the performance marketing model, and some use irrelevant traffic. such publishers would not interested the hoqu platform. publishers not using performance-marketing model are likely ignore hoqu and criticize it. references https://venturebeat.com////-of-all-programmatic-ad-impressions-on-mobile-could-be-fake/ https://static.squarespace.com/static/efe/t/fecaefeda//final_ whiteops_whitepaper___.pdf, page https://theandpartnership.app.box.com/s/qtahjledhbdsbsabnuwxqcm, page https://www.incapsula.com/blog/bot-traffic-report-.html https://www.civic.com/ https://www.iab.com/wp-content/uploads///iab_internet_advertising_revenue_report_fy_.pdf, page https://www.magnaglobal.com/wp-content/uploads///magna-december-global-forecast-update-press-release.pdf, page https://www.statista.com/outlook///digital-advertising/worldwide#market-revenue http://www.dentsuaegisnetwork.com/danadspend, page https://www.magnaglobal.com/wp-content/uploads///magna-december-global-forecast-update-press-release.pdf, page http://www.strathcom.com/wp-content/uploads///emarketer_worldwide_ad_spending-emarketers_updated_estimates_ and_forecast_for_.pdf, page https://www.statista.com/outlook///digital-advertising/worldwide#market-revenue https://iabrus.ru/projects/ https://iabrus.ru/projects/ http://getcake.com/uk-digital-adspend-study-/ http://getcake.com/uk-digital-adspend-study-/ http://www.iab.net/media/image/iab_digital_simplified_defining_performance_marketing.pdf https://s-eu-west-.amazonaws.com/awin-development-uploads/keystone/market-insights/---what-is-the-globalvalue-of-affiliate-marketing.docx.pdf https://www.amnavigator.com/blog////-affiliate-marketing-stats-will-blow-mind/ http://www.businessinsider.com/the-affiliate-marketing-report-how-mainstream-publishers-are-turning-performance-basedmarketing-into-a-fine-art-- https://s-eu-west-.amazonaws.com/awin-development-uploads/keystone/market-insights/---what-is-the-globalvalue-of-affiliate-marketing.docx.pdf, page http://www.amnavigator.com/blog////-affiliate-marketing-stats-will-blow-mind/ http://www.thedrum.com/opinion////brands-are-missing-the-affiliate-marketing-opportunity-asia https://www.yanoresearch.com/press/pdf/.pdf https://github.com/hoqu-io https://www.statista.com/statistics//worldwide-retail-e-commerce-sales/ http://marketingland.com/m-commerce--percent-online-spending-q-digital-commerce-reaches--billion- https://www.statista.com/statistics//priceline-operating-expenses/ https://www.statista.com/statistics//forecast-of-online-travel-sales-worldwide/ https://www.statista.com/statistics//mobile-app-install-advertising-spending-usa/ https://www.nytimes.com////business/chase-ads-youtube-fake-news-offensive-videos.html?_r= https://www.salesforce.com/blog///advertising-trends-.html http://www.businessinsider.com/-was-a-record-breaking-year-for-global-car-sales-and-it-was-almost-entirely-driven-bychina-- http://cbre.vo.llnwd.net/grgservices/secure/cbre-globaloutlookreport.pdf?e=&h=edaaefcc http://blog.contactually.com/real-estate-statistics-for-/ follow and contact social media youtube hoqu.io reddit telegram telegram instagram bitcointalk twitter medium facebook github bitcointalk zhong youku steemit wechat weibo