zen white paper robert viglione, rolf versluis, and jane lippencott may abstract zen end-to-end-encrypted system with zero-knowledge technology over which communications, data, value can securely transmitted and stored. integration revolutionary technologies that create system over which innovation can accelerate combining three functions that are traditionally done separately: transactions communication, and competitive governance. this done secure and anonymous manner, using worldwide distributed blockchain and computing infrastructure. the system integrates multiple best-in-class technologies form open platform for permissionless innovation that can evolve with user preferences. the authors can reached rob@zensystem.io, rolf@zensystem.io, and jane@zensystem.io, respectively. would also like thank jake tarren for comments and suggestions, well the broader zclassic and zen communities for helping develop these ideas and make this movement possible. contents purpose history specifications launch roadmap functional elements transactions transactions zentalk zenpub zenhide zen secure nodes zen standard nodes zencash wallet software applications governance optimal decentralization checks balances dao: infrastructure, proposals, and voting zen infrastructure operated dao proposal submission and voting voting process zen core: foundation and leadership zen community: strong and the ethics open source zen support zen outreach vibrant competitive landscape the future zen purpose "critique creating." -michelangelo buonarroti live hyper-regulated and surveilled world where billions individuals are deprived basic human rights, such property ownership, privacy, free association, and access information. the technology now exists solve some these problems, and zen's early implementation will exactly that. zen collection products, services, and businesses built around enabling technology stack employing zero-knowledge proofs and core set beliefs. distributed blockchain system leveraging the latest censorship-evading techniques, fully encrypted communications, and social and governance model designed for long term viability, zen will contribute the human right privacy and provide the necessary networking infrastructure for people securely collaborate and build value within borderless ecosystem. our mission integrate the latest technologies available post-satoshi with decentralized, voluntary, and peaceful set social structures improve life for anyone who wants participate. believe that this idea whose time has come. zen's framework secure, privacy-oriented infrastructure with governance system structured enable participants collaboratively extend functionality many dimensions. opportunities include hosting individual identification data, selective proof title for property, decentralized banking services, privacy-preserving pp/bb asset exchange, mutual aid societies, insurance, decentralized humanitarian aid mechanisms, use purely anonymous token value. these functions can utilized serve disenfranchised populations currently excluded from vital services such banking and healthcare due lack identification, capital, and secure channels. they can also leveraged individuals who desire take ownership over and monetize their private data, or, for example, enterprising communities that wish develop competitive bidding system internally generated solar energy. the unique implementations are unbounded, the common link being the belief that decentralization the engine moral progress, and that voluntary solutions are the most creative and enduring. history zen builds the heritage the best cryptocurrencies, network architecture, and distributed file sharing systems existence incorporating both existing well new features yield solid foundation designed for long term viability. just important our technology stack, we're building the latest ideas distributed consensus and competitive governance. some the foundations our project come from bitcoin, dash, decred, and seasteading. zcash extended bitcoin with fully anonymous shielded transactions, that users could choose between normal bitcoin-like addresses (t-addresses) shielded addresses resistant traffic correlation analysis (z-addresses). then created zclassic, zcash clone that changed some key parameters our community felt were important: removed both the founders' reward for the first four years lifecycle equivalent) and the slow start the money supply. since launching zclassic, we've formed vibrant open-source community eager move the technology forward unique direction. some early accomplishments include developing open source mining pool application for both zcash and zclassic, well windows and mac wallets. our team realized that zclassic could further extended fully encrypted network with innovative economic and governance model that better aligns with satoshi's original vision for decentralized global community. view zclassic fundamentally pure open-source, all-volunteer cryptocurrency project, while zen extends into platform with internal funding facilitate broader set communications, file-sharing, and economic activities. specifications launch zen the overarching system over which zencash tokens disseminate, similar projects like ethereum that has its ether token. zencash designed fork from zclassic, and will extended with the following additional features. release date: edt, may fork from zclassic utc). equihash hashing algorithm, which memory-hard, proof-of-work mining algorithm based the generalized birthday problem and wagner's algorithm for it. equihash was created alex biryukov and dmitry khovratovich the university luxembourg. block reward: zencash. block generation: minutes. block size: mb. difficulty adjustment algorithm: digishield tweaked use the following trailingaverage difficulty window: seconds next difficulty last difficulty last solve time division each pow block reward and transaction fees between miners and other stakeholders: (a) (b) (c) (d) miners. one more daos. secure node operators. the core team. total eventual coin supply: million. reward halving every years, per bitcoin. shielded transactions obscure sender, receiver, and amount from blockchain. transparent transactions publish sender, receiver, and amount blockchain. secure message field transaction with bytes characters: (a) secure publishing gnunet and ipfs locations. (b) short messages between users. (c) publish channels viewable anyone with channel capable wallet. secure nodes perform infrastructure functions: (a) ensure all network communications are encrypted between nodes. (b) maintain full zencash blockchain. (c) provide certificate-based encryption connections for zencash wallet applications. secure nodes meeting requirements receive coinbase rewards. domain fronting service for transactions using commercial cdn. governance one more daos. (see governance section). zen daos responsible for the operations and continued improvement the system. they will build and operate: (a) zen information distribution (web, wiki, blog, media). (b) proposal system and voting system. (c) reporting and monitoring systems. core team: (a) (b) (c) (d) includes founders zen. mission guide launch and early growth and development. fund expenses important development and maintenance. operate the interface zen and traditional systems. roadmap "trial and error freedom." (taleb, zen launching integration revolutionary technologies create system upon which innovation can accelerate. we're structuring optimal decentralization and persistent competition the system constantly evolves and never hits comfort plateau. the initial roadmap covers -month development window get the system functioning autonomously. the key this establishing the core set integrations with our own secure node network, distributed data storage system like gnunet, and the broader ecosystem exchanges, mining pools, and user communities. zencash needs fully operational, easily available, and useful diverse variety stakeholders. our roadmap reflects the emphasis zencash our first and most important initial product the zen portfolio. develop improved wallets. (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) domain fronting service for transactions using commercial cdn. zen systems servers resilient multi-data center configuration. infrastructure resiliency testing, results, and improvements. implement segregated witness. governance r&d deliverables, including fully tested operational system (see governance section): (a) (b) (c) (d) windows for and transactions, messaging, gnunet publishing. linux for and transactions, messaging, gnunet publishing. mac for and transactions, messaging, gnunet publishing. mobile (android and ios) for and transactions. hardware for and transactions, messaging, gnunet publishing. web wallet for and transactions, messaging, and gnunet publishing. research report. constitution. tested and implemented voting system. first election standing least one dao, transitioning core team. functional elements zen brings together many different elements form working whole. instead regular nodes, zen requires secure nodes, which ensures the nodes maintain basic standard security and performance ensure the system remains distributed, resilient, and secure. enforcing encrypted communication between nodes, and between nodes and wallets, zen protects against eavesdropping and man-in-the-middle attacks. zen also addresses metadata weakness other cryptocurrencies. for instance, communicating potentially compromised fashion and then sending bitcoin, the participants bitcoin transaction are potentially exposed identification transaction correlators. zencash will incorporate secure messaging within shielded transactions, users can agree the transaction, send it, and then verify receipt. these functional elements will manifest into the following systems: zentalk new type secure communications network that allows for one-to-many communication using the blockchain store messages permanently. zenpub anonymous document publishing platform using gnunet ipfs. zenhide the ability circumnavigate crypto-commerce blocking using domain fronting. transactions transactions are the traditional blockchain-recorded transactions controlled private key wallet. these are derived from bitcoin, and enable rapid compatibility with exchanges, wallets, and other bitcoin-derived ecosystem applications. transactions these are transactions sent shielded addresses, inherited from zcash and zclassic. balances shielded addresses are private. spending one more shielded addresses, the value stays private but any transparent addresses the receiving end will deshield the token and reveal the value received the blockchain. the input shielded addresses and whether the value was sent from one two these remains confidential when deshielded. the zcash protocol describes this process detail: value zcash either transparent shielded. transfers transparent value work essentially bitcoin and have the same privacy properties. shielded value carried notes, which specify amount and paying key. the paying key part payment address, which destination which notes can sent. bitcoin, this associated with private key that can used spend notes sent the address; zcash this called spending key. each note there cryptographically associated note commitment, and nullifier (so that there relation between notes, note commitments, and nullifiers). computing the nullifier requires the associated private spending key. infeasible correlate the note commitment with the corresponding nullifier without knowledge least this spending key. unspent valid note, given point the block chain, one for which the note commitment has been publicly revealed the block chain prior that point, but the nullifier has not. transaction can contain transparent inputs, outputs, and scripts, which all work bitcoin [bitcoin-protocol]. also contains sequence zero more joinsplit descriptions. each these describes joinsplit transfer which takes transparent value and two input notes, and produces transparent value and two output notes. the nullifiers the input notes are revealed (preventing them from being spent again) and the commitments the output notes are revealed (allowing them spent future). each joinsplit description also includes computationally sound zk-snark proof, which proves that all the following hold except with negligible probability: the input and output values balance (individually for each joinsplit transfer). for each input note non-zero value, some revealed note commitment exists for that note. the prover knew the private spending keys the input notes. the nullifiers and note commitments are computed correctly. the private spending keys the input notes are cryptographically linked signature over the whole transaction, such way that the transaction cannot modified party who did not know these private keys. each output note generated such way that infeasible cause its nullifier collide with the nullifier any other note. outside the zk-snark, also checked that the nullifiers for the input notes had not already been revealed (i.e. they had not already been spent). payment address includes two public keys: paying key matching that notes sent the address, and transmission key for key-private asymmetric encryption scheme. "key-private" means that ciphertexts not reveal information about which key they were encrypted to, except holder the corresponding private key, which this context called the viewing key. this facility used communicate encrypted output notes the blockchain their intended recipient, who can use the viewing key scan the blockchain for notes addressed them and then decrypt those notes. the basis the privacy properties zcash that when note spent, the spender only proves that some commitment for had been revealed, without revealing which one. this implies that spent note cannot linked the transaction which was created. that is, from adversary's point view the set possibilities for given note input transaction, its note traceability set, includes all previous notes that the adversary does not control know have been spent. this contrasts with other proposals for private payment systems, such coinjoin cryptonote, that are based mixing limited number transactions and that therefore have smaller note traceability sets. the nullifiers are necessary prevent double-spending: each note only has one valid nullifier, and attempting spend note twice would reveal the nullifier twice, which would cause the second transaction rejected. zentalk the transactions zencash have the ability incorporate text-based messages, which are encrypted and included the blockchain. there character limit for these messages, and they enhance the ability for users conduct secure commerce. instead discussing the transaction other less-secure channels that may not have the same level privacy enhancements zen, users can communicate via the zentalk messages with the other party parties before and after the shielded transfer takes place with very small transaction spends. these messages can sent directly from one address another, and they can also sent channel. generating address from the hash channel name, users can subscribe the channel and read anything published anyone the channel. for example, the channel #zencash announcements would hash zxxxxxxxxxxxx, allowing any user send anonymous message the channel. each message would cost finite amount zencash send, since contained transactions, therefore reducing the amount non-useful messages common channels. official announcements would signed private key and would only displayed deemed valid. furthermore, essentially private group messages can published using transactions first creating complex channel name,and then encrypting the contents the message with keys only the desired recipients have. zentalk messages would encrypted with algorithms such aes- with perfect forward secrecy (pfs), matching current standards encryption for secure communication. zenpub zen has the ability publish documents the ipfs gnunet. this done publishing ipfs gnunet address the text field address. the preferred document publishing system this time gnunet, because provides the required infrastructure for anonymous publishing and maintains active database documents. the system similarly extensible ipfs any other future distributing archival system. creating anonymous messaging layer conjunction with anonymous publishing layer, zenpub allows for the creation truly anonymous publications which can rapidly distributed interested readers. zenhide possible for regulators countries hostile crypto-commerce block traditional crypto-currencies like bitcoin and even zcash. zen uses domain fronting extend the ability complete transactions adversarial network environments, explained blockingresistant communication through domain fronting abstract: describe "domain fronting," versatile censorship circumvention technique that hides the remote endpoint communication. domain fronting works the application layer, using https, communicate with forbidden host while appearing communicate with some other host, permitted the censor. the key idea the use different domain names different layers communication. one domain appears the "outside" https request-in the dns request and tls server name indication, while another domain appears the "inside"-in the http host header, invisible the censor under https encryption. censor, unable distinguish fronted and non-fronted traffic domain, must choose between allowing circumvention traffic and blocking the domain entirely, which results expensive collateral damage. domain fronting easy deploy and use and does not require special cooperation network intermediaries. identify number hard-to-block web services, such content delivery networks, that support domain-fronted connections and are useful for censorship circumvention. the specific implementation domain fronting used zen launch with commercial content distribution network, but with every aspect our architecture, flexibility designed from the start and the system can extend many directions the technology evolves. zen secure nodes the nodes are the key systems that maintain the blockchain, accept transactions from wallets, validate miner solutions, and act the decentralized computing and communications system for cryptocurrencies. zen, all information transmitted and from the secure nodes encrypted with valid certificates using tls version and further protected with perfect forward secrecy (pfs). part the secure node capability, the zencash application improves functionality by: extending rpc enable aes encrypted data reside shielded transactions. extending rpc enable perfect forward secrecy handshakes between public keys. secure nodes that meet all requirements will rewarded the secure node portion the mining queued manner. secure nodes need monitor the #secure node channel. the secure node payment system intended operated auditable manner with clear standards maximize operability and minimize issues. basic infrastructure functions performed secure nodes: (a) ensure all network communications are encrypted between nodes. (b) maintain full zen blockchain. (c) provide certificate-based encryption connections for zencash wallet applications. secure nodes meeting the requirements outlined below receive block coinbase reward way that rewards uptime full functionality: (a) operate node software capable system specified infrastructure requirements. recommended memory more than gb. (b) maintain entire zencash blockchain the system. (c) provide valid ssl certificate the zencash node software use for communicating with other nodes and wallets. (d) keep least zencash the server address for staking. (e) monitor the securenode channel for challenge messages from securenodehq approximately every minutes (in transaction message field). (f) respond challenge with identifying information the secure node. (g) challenge response will combination two things: send shielded message securenodehq containing public address and gnunet document location message field. ii. publish document gnunet signed with private address including: public address staking zen, which will also used for reward payment. ssl certificate and address. block header from blockchain. other information that may necessary make sure unique server. (h) each zen secure node must also peer the gnunet systems publish the challenge response anonymously and support the anonymous publications from other elements the system. (i) other potential requirements that may come future allow zencash system use the secure nodes for consensus and computing power. zen secure node payment system (z-snps): (a) (b) (c) (d) z-snps operated zen dao. z-snps will track challenge responses from each secure node. secure nodes will tracked and published their addresses. mined block will pay the reward the zc-snps system, which will periodically distribute the zencash secure nodes based their uptime the defined time-period. because zen will have this distributed computing network the form compensated secure nodes, these nodes may required provide other computing services for the network depending the evolution community consensus. zen standard nodes the zencash application can operated any linux server, mac, pc. the client acts both node and wallet. although does not have the full encryption capability secure node does, all nodes help the system run function efficiently and remain resilient attack. zencash wallet software the zencash software can operated wallet. the command line wallet the basic form, but graphical user interface (gui)-based versions already exist for desktop. mobile, web, raspberry pi, and other hardware wallets are high priority immediately develop enhance the user experience and security for zencash tokens. wallets can configured use any available zencash node for communication, can set only connect secure nodes order maintain high standards information security. applications zen what consider optimally decentralized open source project, and expect applications built and contributed the ecosystem many parties. many these contributions will likely come voluntary open source fashion, but expect robust business community grow around the platform well. additionally, the core team has full application development plan that's already in-process. this includes, but not limited to: node application equihash open source mining pools governance applications monitoring and reporting systems wallets every type secure node monitoring system secure node payment system governance "thus ideologies fall: not violence but examples showing better way." -joe quirk, seasteading institute zen designed with decentralized governance model incorporating multi-stakeholder empowerment and the flexibility evolve optimally suit our community. fundamentally, our philosophy governance that not know priori the best approach, but have some ideas for how initialize the system and enable evolve with the needs the community. believe governance service (gaas) and aim efficiently provide value our direct stakeholders, the broader community, and the world. "any industry that delivers poor service for high price deserves disrupted (quirk, governance being consummate example. solidarity with other projects and ideas taking root around the world, reject forced centralization and embrace voluntaryism. rather than entrusting minority the people with power, believe that all people have the right trusted with freedom. the core philosophy our governance model that decentralization power maximizes inclusion and creativity. practical implementations must recognize that pooling resources and effort provides synergies that should optimally balanced against full decentralization; optimal points being state and time-varying, best determined through voluntary participation and secession. importantly, are implementing system where competing daos can emerge share resources even completely subsume less efficient unpopular versions. there should one-size-fits-all structure invariant across environment, function, culture, time; rather, structures should fluid, suited specific problems, and flexible scale when working and fade when failing relative alternatives. such system systems would dynamically evolve such way that antifragile competitive feedback. our objective governance state will balance decentralization, implementation efficiency, separation powers, broad stakeholder empowerment, and evolutionary flexibility. this initial state will the result least -month r&d effort into game theoretic, political science, and economics research into optimal voting mechanisms coupled with feedback from multiple testnet implementations. the project will one our first funded efforts with final deliverables including comprehensive research report and operational code integrated into the zen network. within months governance implementation expect have leadership teams operation from our first full and open election. optimal decentralization specter haunting the modern world, the specter crypto anarchy." -crypto anarchist manifesto decentralization mean that everyone has equal opportunity participate, that are fully inclusive, and that decision-making authority maximally diffuse such that the system resistant capture. theoretical maximum decentralization means that every individual retains authority equally influence decision-making; this difficult implement practice when pooling resources collaborate common system. even implemented such pure fashion, individual decisions naturally pool for collaboration efficiency and resources accumulate certain stakeholders unequal rates. cannot stop these natural forces, nor there reason categorically deem them harmful every instance. what can design the system such that all participation voluntary, that decision-making power over resource allocation balanced across broad cross-section stakeholder types, and that credible mechanism exists evolve with feedback. structure infused with flexibility more important than initially designing the best system suit all circumstances, especially since are creating movement expansive that predicting all developments essentially impossible. implementation efficiency also big concern for decentralized organizations. pure decentralization could suffer decision-making paralysis, voter apathy, delusions the herd the extrema. this why initially shy away from system pure democracy for all decision-making, and are taking the time research competing models and test them under varying conditions stress. our proposed system free and open competition for daos designed encourage groups high-performing functional area experts and professionals propose their leadership specialized domains that our system-wide efficiency converting resources higher-value end products services continually evolving suit user needs and demands. checks balances key lesson learned from human history that powers are best separated and competing power clusters should provide some equilibrium state checks and balances. the balancing should resilient unchecked growth any single power cluster such that the entire system succumbs capture. initially prevent this condition, zen launching with core team control block reward funding, and initial dao comprised industry leaders controlling resources. addition, our objective state implemented after the -month r&d and test phase will include hybrid type multi-stakeholder voting that wide cross-section the community retains power influence decisions and resource allocations. every aspect our governance structure will ultimately subject competitive feedback and change. are taking evolutionary approach that starts with simple model that will grow with the community. dao: infrastructure, proposals, and voting the zen system will have least one dao funded portion the mining rewards, and governed voting system that brings stakeholders together. this system governance helps ensure that implementation changes, improvements, and integrations minimizes contention and reduces the chance that disagreement leads fork the project. unroll our broader governance plan derived from rigorous r&d and testing, the goal open the governance landscape full competition; this means that could see multiple competing daos emerge with different teams working different problems. each dao would emerge with its own proposed structure, processes, and goals, which ensures these attributes are evolving through competition and the wrong initial organizational decisions not perpetuate. our daos will responsible for building, maintaining, and improving the infrastructure that keeps the system going. also responsible for implementing changes the zen software applications, and flexible enough accommodate other community priorities,such community outreach, marketing, training, etc. the zen system grows popularity, the support structures for users, miners, secure node operators, and ecosystem partners will need grow and scale well. the dao structures will have funds, allocated through projects and proposals, with which assist the growth and support. the community encouraged participate contributing zen all different ways. the daos are responsible for coordinating the community contributions, and have funds assist offsetting expenses incurred the community. one the purposes proposals repay community members for their expenses supporting the system. launch, zen will have one dao staffed with respected professionals that span relevant industries. when the governance plan ready for implementation, this dao will one proposed grouping subject market competition for others who might wish stand their own governance structures; the broad community will make that decision. zen infrastructure operated dao the dao system will maintain application servers and services, including: secure node validation server(s). forum server(s). slack moderation. websites. blogs. proposal system. voting system. binary repositories. the daos are responsible for the following support: help people use zencash other system features. help secure node operators. troubleshoot node reward problems. troubleshoot voting system problems. provide support escalation. provide rapid and final issue adjudication. dao distributes zencash proposal owners after successful vote and expiration the veto period. there will initially dao officers, but this will ultimately unbounded. officers can anonymous, but that not requirement. fact, openly declaring identity comes with the advantage that prior professional achievements and character strength are naturally inherited into the zen system. there will disputes and resolution mechanisms need developed adjudicate these efficiently and fairly. one idea that will explored the governance r&d project will establish judiciary and jury system. proposal submission and voting each dao will have its own structure, processes, and priorities, but one consistent mechanism will system free and open proposal submissions for work and evaluation and award process. there reason specify how this happens, only that should happen. this open community all humanity, there should barriers participation. one proposed method for our initial dao follows: vote every two months. proposal submission deadline two weeks before voting. voting dates: jan mar may july, sept nov proposal submission opens day after vote. veto core team may veto proposal within days vote with unanimous core team veto (this should almost never done). proposals can funded the zencash equivalent the local fiat currency the date the vote (prevent dash issue rapid rise leading project rejection). voting done with tokens. voting tokens distributed month before vote. most decisions done majority vote token holders voting yes. some decisions supermajority vote token holders voting yes. voting process token distribution plan done for every voting period, tokens altogether: tokens for sale allows users and zencash holders buy votes. (a) (b) (c) (d) zencash zencash zencash etc. zencash per token for last group zencash project developers. awarded commits, pull requests, other reasonable measure contribution. goal empower software and system developers. exchanges that carry zencash. (a) top volume get each. mining pool owners. (a) awarded every blocks pool finding the block. secure nodes. (a) awarded every blocks until all are awarded. dao officers, equally divided amongst officers. core team, equally divided amongst core team members. zen core: foundation and leadership the core team initially consists the three early founders for the project, joshua yabut, rob viglione, and rolf versluis. each founder leader within his respective professional domain and has strong track record performance and cryptocurrency expertise. josh experienced red teamer and exploit developer who previously served the aerospace industry. has passion for developing adversary-resistant networks and for redefining the status quo. holds offensive security certified expert (osce) certification, masters degree from depaul university project management, and has extensive knowledge exploiting government and corporate networks. josh has extensive cryptocurrency development experience leading the core team for zclassic, developing the z-nomp mining pool protocol, supporting the zcash development community, and consistently delivering quality software. rob former physicist, mercenary mathematician, and military officer with experience satellite radar, space launch vehicles, and combat support intelligence. contributions within the crypto space include being part zclassic's core team, support the bitshares project, heading blockpay's u.s. canada ambassador program,and consulting for bitgate. he's currently phd candidate finance @uofsc researching cryptofinance and teaching "bitcoin blockchain applications finance." rob holds mba finance marketing and the pmp certification. passionate libertarian who advocates peace, freedom, and respect for individual life. rolf experienced business owner the industry and owns mid-size bitcoin and zclassic (zencash) mining operation alpharetta, georgia. with prior experience cisco systems, the semiconductor industry, and nuclear trained officer the submarine force, rolf brings leadership, management, and technical operational expertise the zencash organization. the motivation for forming core team entity with decision-making authority and independent budget was rapidly deploy the system and efficiently execute wide range early development tasks that will culminate fully operational network outlined our roadmap; the ultimate result will transition the broader governance structure resulting from r&d and testing. our goal work ourselves out our jobs after delivering the initial roadmap and standing our first elected dao per the governance plan. that point we'll run for office within the existing dao, consider launching our own add the competitive dynamics the system. zen community: strong and vibrant zen evolving symbiotically with the zclassic project, with our combined community numbering around forum members, developers, miners, traders, long-horizon investors, partner organizations, exchanges, bloggers, etc. fully open and inclusive project, all kinds contributions and support have flowed zen from around the world, and this impromptu yet consistent collective one our defining features system. our community already has enduring history not only positive relationships and friendly interactions but also spontaneous support and engagement emerging prevent solve disparate problems. the ethics open source open source projects can take evolving and fluid set ethics, however the founders this one hope keep the community centered the principles zen, hence our name. are developing system hope will used for peaceful collaboration, permissionless innovation, and maximum inclusion. hope our legacy will massively positive surplus society, and personally reject working with anyone intent harm, either physical through fraud. zen support zen support refers community zen developers and other distributed professionals committed advancing the technology and offering basic assistance users. this network will funded the dao, and will serve make zen's technology the most intuitive, easy engage with the ecosystem. zen support will also consist network contributors from various industries who are committed serving ambassadors, mentors, and support for zen contributors. see more subsequent zen community sections. zen support commitment that zen structurally designed foster inclusiveness, collaboration, and collective aid, and that the executive officers, zen ambassadors, verified zen entrepreneurs, any representative the zen community will resource for contributors depend and collaborate with. zen outreach our roadmap includes exciting, unprecedented outreach programs that will serve strengthen our collective and facilitate engagement with people all walks life. short, zen does not have singular "target market"; how could we, when the practical use cases and implementations our technology are vast and diverse? not intend confine utilization zen the personal visions our core team members, alternatively will launch programs upon inception designed maximize engagement with zen and allow community members adapt our mission and initiatives zen evolves. our initial dao reserving resources fund experimental programs and reward active contributions our community. some these proposed program ideas are explained below. once again, zen inclusive and agnostic, and our global presence will mirror these core values. will include interest groups such entrepreneurs, activists, developers, universities, corporations, and uninformed but curious individuals, all boasting varying track-records engagement with the cryptocurrency space. through our zen ambassador program, experienced users, thought leaders, and passionate community members will granted opportunities represent zen, propagating our vision people corners the world without access the resources, capital, and technology necessary discover and join our community out individual initiative. leaders this program can serve many purposes, from advising zen startups mentoring zen chapters representing zen the press. participating our zen youth program, global minors will offered intensive coding and business development education, and unique opportunities for engagement with the zen collective. this initiative will multifaceted, with offerings ranging from global youth competitions for dao-funded startups built the zen platform lotteries allocating resources cover education expenses zen youths. these young pioneers will also mobilized recruit their peers and engage their communities. entrepreneurs managing dao-funded projects will zen verified entrepreneurs and gain access relevant startup-accelerator-style perks, such access successful business mentors, marketing and user acquisition channels, open sourced developer engagement, direct channels investors and venture capital firms, and events, partnerships, and seminars designed collaboratively resolve issues and foster innovation. individual contributors will gain access plug and play content fashioned assist spawning grassroots movements the form zen chapters proselytizing zen technology, ethics, and/or governance and developing projects around the world. these zen chapters will localizable and customizable, with fluid emphasis depending region and community needs. zen will offer foundational online platform material resources, ranging from: marketing and educational content detailing the origins, specifics, differentiations, and goals zen. templates and ideas for groups that wish create zen-sponsored promotional educational events, conferences, and competitions. modules, discussions, and webinars zen principles and relevant subjects for chapters participate and contribute to, such coding, entrepreneurship, ethics decentralization, foundations blockchain, etc. database business plans, legal documents, revenue models, user acquisition tactics, etc. further the aims chapters undertaking business development initiative community improvement endeavor. access zen contributors and developers for support, advice, guidance, and assistance via zen channels. for example, zen chapter the philippines, where only around the population has access financial services, could engage virtually with the international collective develop fintech project catering the particular needs filipinos and specifications the country's culture and infrastructure. such scalable engagement could drastically reduce the friction that has historically inhibited communities from autonomously stimulating their own small-scale economies and augmenting their capacity compete. virtual interaction and communication invaluable development the century, and will the core channel for connecting people thousands kilometers away cooperatively foster zen innovation and development. that being said, zen recognize that there something sensational about face-to-face interaction with those equally dedicated and mobilized around set principles and common vision. zen university will take place annually reward and engage zen's most active and value-adding contributors, up-and-coming youth, and stand-out entrepreneurs. there will also lottery distributing tickets random especially compliant and secure zen nodes. the theme, content, and intent this event will vary based preferences the zen community. our resources are meant for our zen community, which encompasses many more categories participants and initiatives, and offers much more value than the traditional stakeholders cryptocurrency project. hope much social movement are technology project, the pure end goal assist making life more free and more fulfilling for many people can. competitive landscape "we've long believed that over time companies tend get comfortable doing the same thing, just making incremental changes. but the technology industry, where revolutionary ideas drive the next big growth areas, you need bit uncomfortable stay relevant." -larry page, alphabet competition infused into zen its very core; its nature, necessity optimal decentralization and principle believe enables beneficial evolution. this process also includes competition the broader cryptocurrency landscape for zencash, and for our system the ecosystem blockchain platforms. zencash directly competes with zcash, zclassic, dash, monero, zcoin, bytecoin, shadowcash, boolberry, and other privacy-augmented cryptocurrencies. competition ranges across multiple dimensions, but from technology perspective, directly compete with the other zero-knowledge currencies using zk-snarks. zcash was the pioneer this domain, and our technology directly benefits from their ground breaking contributions. privacy feature also means that zencash competes with other implementations, such the zerocoin protocol, cryptonote, ringct, and simpler mixers. all these coins serve particular privacy-oriented niche the cryptocurrency demand curve. our value proposition that incorporate elements that consider best-inclass, which starts with inheriting zcash's implementation zero-knowledge shielding via zk-snarks, but take this crucial step further and obfuscate our entire network with end-to-end encryption and enable messaging within the most secure infrastructure the space. importantly, not intend displaced, because are structurally prepared not only update and rejuvenate our systems the underlying technology advances, but ourselves the space's innovators. zen building system architecture with zencash its token value, transaction fuel. such, also compete with broader platform-type projects, such ethereum, ethereum classic, nem, lisk, and synereo over which decentralized applications (dapps) can built. this domain, zen's simple scripting language inherited from bitcoin and zcash retains high security and resilience from broad array attack vectors, but also limits the degrees freedom useful for complex code executions possible for platforms with enhanced turing-complete scripting, similar ethereum and ethereum classic. our advantage this competitive arena that dapps can built top the world's most secure cryptocurrency network, and that are flexible enough operate across chains strategic partnerships. our unique innovation the cryptocurrency community our fully competitive and evolutionary governance model empower broad cross-section stakeholders environment optimal decentralization. bitcoin created the original breakthrough distributed consensus, but other projects have since taken that further with various voting mechanisms. these projects range from dash with its simple proposal submission and community voting model all the way decred with its embedded community governance; each has contributed positively the evolution decentralized consensus, but zen takes this the next level relaxing additional constraints such that our system set evolve over time through perpetual competition between providers governance services within the ecosystem. are implementing autonomous system that will change with feedback and trial-and-error innovations how decentralized systems organize solve specific problems. this sense, believe zen groundbreaking social technology, pioneering system that has never been attempted scale. from broader perspective, zen competes with incumbent currencies and banking systems, well emergent fintech startups with particular advantage providing services the disenfranchised. choose make our contribution this innovative, social welfare oriented space providing enhanced privacy and security. secure messaging and distributed data archival system, compete with other services, such signal, telegram, and the tor project. there are also infinite number potential projects that can built the zen platform, increasing our competitiveness exponentially. view competition enabler healthy processes growth and therefore welcome maximum competition. we'd rather live world with fierce competitors forcing accelerate our own innovations than static world devoid progress. hope that zen adds positively human welfare integrating great technologies and communities, morphing governance into competitive service, and enabling anyone the world participate our system permissionless, collaborative, and decentralized innovation. also view incumbents and future startups this space potential partners and allies instead winner-takes-all competitors. the future zen forecasting challenging exercise, but see bright future for zen and the peaceful and productive ecosystem we're building. believe that the decentralized, fully inclusive, voluntary, and flexible organization we're creating will seen obviously superior the future compared the static, centralized, one-size-fits all versions perpetuated the century. the advent cryptography, voluntaryist philosophy, and blockchain technology make such thing possible, and believe many people already do, and will, share our vision for better world; especially when they see how can accelerate innovation and improve human welfare empowering everyone express their values. the next one two years will see this vision come fruition our early organization executing our roadmap. there will certainly challenges along the way, but flexibility and peaceful cooperation consistently overcomes seemingly insurmountable issues. are fortunate live age incredible innovation both technology and ideas. are building top the shoulders the proverbial giants, some them listed below, but many others unnamed only because they are numerous and the contributions foundational. references juan benet. ipfs content addressed,versioned, file system. eli ben-sasson, alessandro chiesa, christina garman, matthew green, ian miers, eran tromer, and madars virza. zerocash: decentralized anonymous payments from bitcoin. evan duffield, kyle hagan. darkcoin: peer-to-peer crypto currency with anonymous blockchain transactions and improved proof-of-work system. david fifield, chang lan, rod hynes, percy wegmann, and vern paxson. blocking-resistant communication through domainfronting. daira hopwood, sean bowe, taylor hornby, nathan wilcox. zcash protocol specification version .-beta-.. may, (). the cryptoanarchist manifesto. high noon the electronic frontier: conceptual issues cyberspace. nakamoto (): bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. quirk, joe, and patri friedman. seasteading: how floating nations will restore the environment, enrich the poor, cure the sick, and liberate humanity from politicians. free press. taleb, (). antifragile: things that gain from disorder (vol. random house.