hot(tm) token [hot(tm) whitepaper version unique gamified token economy built upon democratizing token that reinvents digital marketing optimize the value money for consumers while increasing revenue for businesses. primary author: boaz yemini secondary author editor: nithinan boonyawattanapisut hot(tm) token [hot(tm) table contents ii. important notice abstract introduction hotnow industry: iii. iv. vi. numbers and trend problem the hotnow solution hotnow becoming gamified network hotnow's network: vii. introduction hotnow's network viii. benefit society ix. blockchain and protocol hot(tm) token: the ecosystem xi. network security xii. hotnow's network summation xiii. hot(tm) token summation xiv. hotnow summation xv. team and advisors xvi. roadmap xvii. token allocation, sale and funds allocation xviii.risk factors xix. references page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) important notice: this document and information contained herein may not sent and addressed wholly part, directly indirectly, any person the united states the people's republic china, any other jurisdiction which would impermissible restricted offer, distribute, purchase, sell retain cryptographic tokens. please read all parts this notice carefully. this whitepaper read conjunction with the token sale agreement and its terms and conditions. those documents may found terms and conditions all definitions contained this notice shall bear the same meaning provided the whitepaper unless stated otherwise. the hot(tm) token not intended constitute: securities any jurisdiction; ii. currency any kind; iii. stocks, shares debentures; iv. units collective investment scheme business trust; equity investment fund any regulation legislation applicable securities any above will not applicable this whitepaper and the hot(tm) token ito. this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document, nor offer securities attempted solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper and the hot(tm) token ito have not been approved any regulatory body any jurisdiction. should not assumed that the whitepaper, and the hot(tm), token offering complies with any laws, regulation legislation any jurisdiction. the purchase the hot(tm) token and participation the hot(tm) token offering inherently risky. please see section for more information. warranty, guarantee undertaking made hotnow and/or the distributors the hot(tm) token regarding: the performance the hot(tm) token ii. the performance the assets underlying the hotnow business the hot(tm) token token purchase; iii. the accuracy the information contained this whitepaper; iv. the accuracy the financial other projections contained this whitepaper. page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) the law and regulation token offerings the process development and review most jurisdictions. this lack clarity surrounding the law and regulation further increases the risk associated with the hot(tm) token purchase. potential purchaser assumed that you have familiarized yourself with the underlying technology and workings token purchases, blockchain technology, digital wallets and cryptocurrency. assumed that you potential purchaser have knowledge and understanding the foregoing and that you have familiarized yourself with the risks associated therewith. any agreement between you and hotnow and/or any distributor, relation the sale and purchase the hot(tm) token will governed separate token sale agreement setting out the terms and conditions such agreement. the event any inconsistencies between the token sale agreement and this whitepaper, the token sale agreement shall prevail. the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, hotnow and/or any distributor shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income, personal savings profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you and any purchase the hot(tm) token tokens you. potential purchaser the hot(tm) token you agree and acknowledge that: you are recognized accredited/sophisticate/high net worth individual/investor your home jurisdiction; ii. the purchase hot(tm) token inherently risky; iii. the law and regulation relation token offerings, cryptocurrency, digital wallets and blockchain the process being developed and reviewed most jurisdictions; iv. hotnow and/or any distributor gives representations, warranties undertakings regarding the success the hot(tm) token token offering, the underlying hotnow business, the accuracy the information and accuracy the financial and other projections contained this whitepaper; the full extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, hotnow and/or any distributor shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income, personal savings profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you and any purchase the hot(tm) token tokens you; page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) hotnow committed providing safe, compliant and reputable service our customers. for this reason, hotnow insists comprehensive and thorough know your customer (kyc) and anti-money laundering (aml) combatting the finance terrorism (cft) compliance implementation. this includes the monitoring suspicious transactions and obligatory reporting local regulators and other compliance bodies. our policies this regard differ depending the country origin which our clients are located. the specific aml/cft and kyc policies per regional jurisdiction are located the terms and conditions the token sale agreement. our compliance framework assures that regulatory requirements are being adhered to, thus instilling level trust and ensuring hotnow will continue operate uninterrupted. hotnow reserves the right refuse offer hot(tm) persons from jurisdictions that not meet international aml/cft standards could considered politically exposed person. page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) abstract: hotnow[] platform provides merchants asia with cost-effective, high-efficacy marketing tools, while encouraging merchants transfer some that value surplus consumers their goods and services. given the impact blockchain and surrounding technologies, the inevitable evolution hotnow expansion its current real-time marketing app and platform into token economy. its unique location-based services (lbs) already generate profits and increase market exposure for partner merchants, and deliver value and great content its users. the platform will become network that utilizes open source protocols, smart contracts, and (rapidly growing) developments distributed ledger and other decentralized (permissioned) data structure solutions. part this next-step evolution its proven business model, hotnow will transform into gamified ecosystem based utility access token (based stellar lumens protocol, symbol: hot(tm) and micro-transactions. the hotnow token economy will reward its participants with hot(tm) for every contributive economic activity they perform (every action made buyers and sellers that keeps the hotnow ecosystem growing). hotnow utilizes unique methods the creation its ecosystem with emphasis mechanics found "freemium" video games and other game mechanics that increase shop conversion rates and enhance consumer engagement. other innovations include individually-tailored loyalty programs for cash-based businesses and tools that enable merchants create organizations and solve coordination problems such creating shared loyalty programs and aggregating purchasing power[]. addition, deep analysis the spending history data consumers can create "credit profiles" for individuals without financial history enable these consumers access micro-loans. for these, and other benefits that will emerge from our mission help the unbanked and mom-and-pop businesses asia, hotnow asks for your support establishing hot(tm) page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) ii. introduction hotnow: hotnow developed red anchor trading corporation and backed axion ventures, publicly traded corporation (tsx: axv). hotnow mobile and web discovery application for goods and services that gives merchants more control over their marketing messages and marketing spend, and gives users access exclusive discounts and reduces their search time for relevant goods and services. merchants can establish presence and implement billboard-like marketing messages for free, which are still highly effective relative alternatives. for small premium, merchants can also deliver highly targeted marketing messages relevant hotnow users. the current operations are based thailand, but given its high adoption rates merchants, low consumer acquisition costs, and affiliations with large regional organizations, hotnow has the momentum expand into major cities asia. hotnow's basic service allows merchants enjoy high degree control and autonomy over the timing and the demographic targeting their location-based marketing activities, including the offering deals and promotions. hotnow allows merchants deliver unlimited generally-targeted promotions for free, thus lowering their marketing expenses and encouraging them offer hotnow-exclusive bargains users. hotnow's easy use app and site allows non-techie merchants professionally and effectively market online customers for the first time. hotnow was developed meet the needs millennials and consumers emerging economies, where populations skew much younger than those developed countries. for example, the median age filipino citizen years, compared japan's median age considering that philippines' gdp/capita was $k, while japan, was $k, millennials asia's emerging economies are much more price sensitive and require unique and innovative marketing strategies trigger decisions and purchases. they are mobile phone "addicted"[] and enjoy casual games[]. hotnow built the most effective marketing solution reach this demographic segment. millennials emerging economies are aspirational, yet sensitive price... businesses need unique and innovative marketing tool address such targets exactly what hotnow provides! page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) iii. industry numbers and trends: global advertising revenues surpassed $b, and are expected reach $b[] the end some the industry's major trends are: online marketing far the most effective form advertising. traditional advertising will represent only marketing spend, compared mobile advertising the fastest growing sector[] within the online advertising marketing. lbs advertising the most effective[] form mobile digital marketing. consumers feel coupon the most valuable form mobile marketing.[] consumers are willing share their current location receive more relevant advertising.[] consumers are more likely engage with location-based advertising.[] online transactions occur mobile device.[] smartphone users look for local information their device.[] take action after the search.[] consumers share local deals with friends.[] iv. industry problems: consumers are bombarded with irrelevant location-impractical promotions, which they are learning ignore. asia's population, nearly one third the world's billion people, young, social, and aspirational. and they are avid consumers promotions. fact, the people asia, especially millennials (across income levels), seek discounts and promotions regular basis[]. current online "hot-promotions" presented them, however, are often irrelevant with little consideration time day, consumer demographics and preferences, and consumer location. clearly, data science and lbs will become requisite for proper marketing operations (mo)[] this environment. merchants are beset with significant increases the costs mobile marketing[], problem that increases the larger social network platforms and messaging platforms exhibit oligopolistic behavior markets without anti-monopoly protections. while large, well-established companies have the funds and capabilities publish their own branded app, the cost running effective marketing campaign established social media and messaging platforms are prohibitively expensive for small and medium-size merchants. result, these smaller merchants often choose not market online. page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) addition, these larger social network and messaging platforms offer limited tools for merchants identify and target high propensity consumers specific locations and during optimal times the day. even some these functions are available individually, most the merchants not have the technical capabilities combine available functionalities into effective tool. even worse, mainstream platforms provide merchants with limited telemetry the effectiveness such costly marketing campaigns, making difficult for merchants "tune" their marketing and promotional efforts. this results ineffective and expensive service which fails address the needs (thinly-capitalized) small medium-scale retail businesses. hotnow has solved several these problems integrating lbs into its platform, and creating strong statistical tools and methods give merchants the information that they need manage their businesses much more cost effectively. page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) the hotnow solution: the hotnow app was first beta-tested and officially launched march and quickly become featured app the ios app store. hotnow proved extremely effective digital marketing tool for its merchants, with consumers making purchase upon receiving push notification. the hotnow platform, merchants create their shop profiles and within minutes, they can publish marketing programs digital coupons zero cost. these promotions are seen users whose proximity and preferences make them very receptive audience for these offers. hotnow ensures that the platform's interest aligns with its partner merchants receiving small share from the revenue generated from hotnow users. hotnow's key statistics december include: app downloads. average user acquisition cost us$./user. monthly active users. followers social networks. listed merchants shortly after its official launch, hotnow welcomed coffee world, the largest coffee shop chain thailand, its first brand-name client. few weeks later, baskin-robbin's launched exclusive campaign hotnow resulting much higher yield rate than expected the group operations. since these successes, several other household brands also joined hotnow. examples actual campaign performance include: coffee world redemptions over -day period baskin-robbins redemptions (coupons sold out) days during -day promotional period pepper lunch redemptions over -day period farm design redemptions over -day period brand managers reported that the effectiveness using hotnow comparable to, far higher than, that the largest messaging and social network platforms. one notable case, hotnow was more effective, relative terms, than the client's results major platform with more than million users. the same time, the client's cost market the hotnow platform minimis compared the cost marketing those major platforms. example some hotnow's notable clients page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) hotnow delivers value users providing (exclusive) discounts goods and services and providing information find the lowest-priced goods and services. users see hotnow research and discovery engine that lowers their search costs and gives them the ability learn about merchants and shops that they otherwise would not have discovered. creating value for both the buyer and the seller, hotnow ensures that its ecosystem will continue grow. merchants reduce their promotional expenses, they are better able share the savings with buyers. hotnow continues develop applications increase merchant utility, such tool combine their purchasing power negotiate lower prices from shared supply chain elements. the figure below illustrates the strong growth transactional activities hotnow. the positive market reception and rapid growth the hotnow platform demonstrates the ability hotnow's team execute technology development and marketing. building this competence, hotnow will now implement cutting-edge permissioned blockchain technologies into its ecosystem serve enabling platform for its next evolution. blockchain decentralized-permissioned data-structure open source protocols smart contracts developments distributed ledger page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) vi. hotnow becoming gamified network: axion games limited (formerly epic games china), subsidiary axion ventures inc., successful asian and mobile games developer partnership with epic games (usa), and tencent. hotnow has been affiliate axion ventures since early axion ventures recently formed game development joint venture with true corporation[], one southeast asia's leading telecommunications, media enterprises and game publishers. hotnow recognizes the need for constant innovation, and plans develop portfolio casual games integrate into the hotnow app. these casual games will expand the range marketing opportunities for bricks and mortar and online merchants. consumers will then entertained by, versus bombarded with, marketing messages. management believes that the innovation thoughtful gamification will create completely new ways market, and that these new ways, combined with the delivery material savings for users, will revolutionize marketing. the hotnow app began map-based search engine with simple lbs win-deeperdiscount games, and will evolve into on-map augmented reality (ar) game. such lbs reality games represent one the most successful genres[], along with "treasure hunting", "conquering" and user-journey and achievement elements. hotnow will increase user engagement including (educational) casual games, especially ones with simple yet popular game mechanics, and social features such tournaments and competitions. all achievements and contributions will accumulated and eventually lead actual rewards hot(tm) token. believe that hotnow will offer unique proposition for merchants expand their marketing with variety thoughtful, hyper-engaging games. page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) vii. hotnow's network intro: hotnow evolves from lbs marketing platform into highly gamified network, consumers and merchants (as users and participants the network) will use hot(tm) token (hot(tm) participate the activities and access the functionalities the network. hotnow will reward its participants with hot(tm) tokens for every economic activity, thus keeping the ecosystem growing. rewards will offered for participants' deepening relationship, basic buying and selling transactions, and for utilization and certain types user content contributions such identifying good merchants providing ratings. this contrast with traditional financial establishments and systems that tax and take certain fee for every transaction and growth its economic activity, instead incentivizing and rewarding economic activity. hotnow views itself the network's initiator, and once its token economy functional, the ecosystem's governor (only the sense members-adding and permissionsgranting). this means members the blockchain, e.g., large merchants, once they are the same channel, will able establish their own rules and become organization. for example, this will enable them share loyalty plans, facilitated hotnow's hotloyalty(tm) feature. hotnow will use distributed ledger and blockchain technologies based the stellar protocol create platform that allows merchants aggregate purchasing power and negotiate better pricing from the currently inefficient supply chain asia. hotnow plans work with the government enable more efficient direct import and customs clearance aggregated orders, thereby offering the government blockchain custody solution. these are just some examples how the ecosystem and the permissioned distributed ledger solution suggested will solve acute real-life synchronization and efficiency problems. the above-mentioned are some the reasons why the hotnow team extremely convinced that hotnow needs join the recent movement towards platforms and products being built top blockchain technologies. are all witnessing shift towards new business models which automate and establish trust processes value creation and its transfer, all being supported consortium activities and transparency protocols (recorded open source code). this the new paradigm paradigm that places the social benefit any business before its maximum profit. page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) viii. hotnow's network benefit society: part this paradigm, countering neo-classical economics issues (such businesses based "greed"[] and inconsistent policies central banks), every business looking gain crowd support and raise funds via ico (ito/tge the case hot(tm) token should offer clear social benefits. hotnow's ecosystem will continue create greater (quantifiable) consumer surplus, while supporting small businesses and pushing for greater distribution spending across the network's map. addition, deep analysis the spending history data consumers can create "credit profiles" for individuals without financial history enable these consumers access micro-loans. the reader will get deep understanding these concepts the following sections. how hotnow and hot(tm) can increase both consumer and producer surplus both consumers and users can gain from participating the hotnow economy. accessing promotions the platform, consumers pay reduced prices for goods and services. the other hand, merchants may gain through increased demand for their products and reduced customer acquisition costs using the platform's marketing tools. coupons reduce prices and increase demand. but not necessarily true that moving out the demand curve helps merchants, while elasticity may such that revenue (price times quantity) greater post-discount, costs may not reduce and profitability can harmed. however, preliminary results from the existing deployment hotnow indicate that hotnow reduces merchant customer acquisition and marketing costs more than the reduction price the consumer (and price received). hence can expect that servicing the increased demand the lower price point will more profitable for the merchant. can describe this mutual gain economic welfare through the following illustration the language microeconomics: page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) begin looking the economic welfare consumers and producers before any these parties use the hotnow platform. the vertical axis represents the price product, while the horizontal axis signifies the quantity the product. before hotnow, customers' demand for good represented the demand curve while the supply the product indicated the demand curve downward sloping; customers will demand more product the price goes down. the other hand, the supply curve upward sloping suppliers will willing supply more product the price goes up. price quantity the equilibrium under this scenario represented point the point where the demand and supply curve intersect. under this equilibrium, the consumer pays price for units good. the total economic welfare under this case represented the triangle xay, which the sum triangles xap (consumer welfare) and yap (producer welfare). now, assume that consumers and producers use the hotnow platform, that consumers can pay lower price using coupons, while suppliers can now supply more good given price due the reduced customer acquisition cost. such, the increase demand leads upward shift the demand curve while the increase supply leads downward shift the supply curve such, the new equilibrium represented point where the new demand and supply curve intersect. under this new equilibrium consumers pay lower price while suppliers sell more goods equal given this new equilibrium, the total economic welfare will equal triangle gbh, with consumer welfare being represented triangle gbp and producer welfare being represented hbp. from the prior diagram see that the economic welfare before hotnow (xay) smaller than welfare after hotnow (gbh). thus, clear that both customers and merchants see gain economic welfare using the hotnow platform. page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) ix. hotnow's network blockchain, protocol and hot(tm) token hotnow will utilize the most advanced solutions available within blockchain and distributed ledger technologies, and some that will introduced later stages r&d. hotnow's mission bring e-commerce and crypto-currency the masses. most our business requirements are supported the architectural drivers that stellar has adopted for their mission: high transaction volumes, peer-to-peer transactions, effectively zero transaction fees, and decentralized exchange. beyond this, also need create standard features available all transactions (with little friction) complex functions such escrow commissions, which are currently considered advanced features requiring high-friction and party integration. hotnow will build top stellar's standard capabilities and extend them with smart contract features that cash-oriented merchants (such barber shops, whose business models don't fit the standard e-commerce models) can take advantage these advanced capabilities without materially altering the way they business. prior hot(tm), any e-commerce technology solution had insert themselves into the middle the transaction (in order monetize the transaction) which simply isn't practical for these cash-oriented businesses, very few them have considered joining the online economy. hotnow believes addressing these issues seamlessly possible what will break the loggerhead that has prevented the widespread adoption crypto currencies general usage. now, platforms and consumers longer need rely centralized institutions (which typically also incur significant fees) able provide new transaction options that offer the best both worlds cash credit. since hot(tm) enforces all these capabilities for free and completely transparent and decentralized manner, almost all transaction risk and overhead eliminated making available all manner new commerce opportunities for the largest and smallest vendors world wide. hotnow's network and hot(tm) will built with innovation, with the industry's past mistakes mind. the role hotnow's protocol for transaction approval and the injection new hot(tm) the ecosystem, ensure that "rules the game" are wellknown all participants. this the focal point institutional economics[] research; how "rules" (hotnow network's code), known and everyone, affect economic behavior and decision making the ecosystem's participants with the creation trust. hotnow's network model will always open code for public review. have established the philosophy hot(tm) what correct and accurate economic theory and research, and our own vast experience. conclude that the quantity money[] should grow only when the economy truly grows[]. all dependent correct and unchangeable protocol. page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) hot(tm) token ecosystem: social engagement game mechanics reward system provide marketing and crm tools contribute network growth offer deals and promotions the illustration above depicts the flow hot(tm) among hotnow network participants; hot(tm) utilized gain "services" provided each contributing party the system. hotnow's members, both users and merchants, have two ways earn hot(tm) from hotnow: completing each "mission" determined hotnow. each mission will require members perform collection activities that are deemed contributive growth and sustainability the platform. the amount hot(tm) tokens rewarded depends the value each mission contributes the network. the higher the incremental value, the greater the hot(tm) reward presented the member. actual figures for rewards will determined market equilibriums, same for hot(tm) value. new hot(tm) tokens will injected from the initial reserve (i.e. "mined") only when the hot(tm) balance hotnow's operational balance has been depleted. page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) requiring consumers perform certain activity, consumers will rewarded with hot(tm)hot(tm) can earned through transactional activities. below are examples the most basic actions that earn hot(tm) reward: hotnow shall reward users with hot(tm) when: users invite new users join the network and they become active. users use hot(tm) access promotion advertised merchant. users perform actions like promote/rate/view the app. hotnow shall reward merchants with hot(tm) when: merchants provide promotions outstanding value users. merchants receive relatively higher rates/attention from users. besides being rewarded with hot(tm) directly from hotnow, the network's participants also transfer hot(tm) amongst themselves: consumers transfer hot(tm) the merchants when consumers access the promotions provided the merchants. merchants rewards hot(tm) consumers once consumers fulfill certain condition(s) defined the merchants. consumer transfers hot(tm) merchant unlock promotion. amount hot(tm) required unlock each promotion determined the merchant consumer uses hot(tm) access promotion consumer rewarded with hot(tm) hotnow rewards consumer with hot(tm) for activity and transactions consumer pays for goods services with fiat currency merchant can choose accept hot(tm) payment for goods services consumer spends hot(tm) playing hotnow's games and/or unlocking promotions consumer can earn more hot(tm) through competition games, promotion transactions, platform activities page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) xi. hot(tm) network security when one considers economy ultimately model for efficient information transfer efficiency, speed, and trust the information's correctness are the key variables for its health and capacity for wealth creation. the historical dependency fallible human action and limited performance has been the greatest limitation such economies the advent the internet has demonstrated its unprecedented ability create new wealth. crypto currencies and tokens based crypto ledgers are the next stage the economic revolution. they further reduce (but not eliminate) dependencies humans the most constraining dimension remaining trust, through sound mathematical models defining their operational protocols. these fundamental proofs are necessary for the safe and secure transactions value transfers they provide new level trust that enables the efficient implementation our new information economy. thus, the attack vectors that must defended against and mitigated pertain correct design implementation the model, and correct and secure processes for interactions between humans and the model's implementation. all exploits can clearly explained failures one these two categories. physical signatures, letters credit, bank transfer documents and other prior methods trust that our economic engines depended upon appear comical and insignificant when compared public key encryption for proof authentication well authority conduct transaction. yet the inherent limitations speed and efficiency that time contained the exposure exploits enough extent that they could made adequate long consistent process security was place. therefore minor flaws the model which are relatively costly exploit might not have practical exploits due strong processes and limits efficiencies that limit the actual gains. today those dangers are orders magnitude more serious the great value the internet's efficiency also what provides for such attractive target. unfortunately naive belief the definition the model and failure fully evaluate the implementation same, immaturity the technologies used build them, and inadequate processes interaction have resulted several high profile exploits which had worse case scenario results total collapse the system they were designed enable and support. hotnow taking more responsible and informed approach these issues both the generation and issues the hot(tm), and the operational use and transfer same within the hotnow economy. unlike prior entities who suffered losses due their unpreparedness and inexperience, hotnow ongoing concern that already handles significant monetary transfers through its systems for some time now. security and reliability process are designed into our existing business and are being improved and expanded ongoing basis. security never ending core process our business model. page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) another challenge for crypto ledger implementations immaturity the tools upon which they are built. the stellar network fundamentally asynchronous distributed actor model which has significant impedance mismatch the imperative nature solidity, the primary language used the network, which completely unaware and incapable modeling the concurrency model upon which executes. this means that such considerations must addressed the design the smart contracts and further enforced additional runtime tests the code all created human programmers. unfortunately this makes proving the correctness the implementation difficult and expensive. remarkably, seen examining the published contracts and source code for prior icos and itos, apparent that most organizations are not taking formal steps towards this effort which means that further exploits offerings will undoubtedly continue with the loss value for participants and potential collapse the organizations that depend these flawed systems. hotnow uses both formal proof models and empirical tests ensure the correctness, security, resiliency, and capacity their systems. use newer technologies that have more inherent support for the execution model which the contracts must reside, well processes inspired those for mission critical systems including the nasa apollo program, the airline industry, and telecom industry which the designers and implementors our system have experience from. furthermore, hotnow's transactional processes have explicitly designed transfer firewalls that limit the amount value single interaction can produce and also isolate through both logical firewalls and time delays the propagation any failure process exploit implementation that one micro-service function transaction. these processes and systems are continually evaluated and updated improve service function and safety for hotnow, its clients, and every participant its economy while striking the right balance providing responsive and seamless service for all users. overall, hotnow will continue publish further details about the network's technology and security and when they are available. page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) xii. hotnow's network summation: hotnow wishes become healthy economy, and provide real, quantifiable value the greater macro-economy. hotnow will learning tough lessons from young token-economies, well established central bank-driven traditional economies and academic research. hotnow realizes that when comes implementing mechanisms that incentivize activity, there much learn from virtual economies, and especially freemium-game economies. freemiums basically made art and science designing user experience, utilizing the "big data" created them, which gives them unparalleled insight into behavioral motivations. this age the attention economy[], features such leaderboards, badges and statuses, real prizes and entry randomized lotteries, all based reaching hotpoints'(tm) levels and completion missions (such accessing deal distant location, thus aiding distribution spending, for example), will incorporated into the core the network's new app and its user interface and experience. hotnow's network will further reinforce itself the ecosystem where merchant offers her best and most attractive deals to, giving highest value (i.e. biggest discount) its consumers, since knowing that consumers who look for the most exceptional deals (literally) around are mostly found hotnow's network. hotnow was founded with developing countries, millennials, and merchants the core its vision. hotnow the process successfully evolving into network that offers the unique and exceptional value its members and participants. page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) xiii. hot(tm) summation: don't expect hot(tm) token become alternative fiat currency, the near- nor mid-term. hotnow's ecosystem, hot(tm) will access-granting token the best deals and promotions merchant can offer, "money for the best stuff", and for smart merchants will means truly explore their price elasticity. only later stage, when hot(tm) value stabilizes, both the eyes merchants and consumers, possible that hot(tm) might become substitute for fiat and all network's transactions will made with it. governance goals any economy there exists monetary policy tradeoff which stability against fiat (thai baht initially, and later basket currencies local markets which hotnow active), natural deflationary tendency token with fixed total supply, and successful economy with high transaction volume and token common and active daily use are somewhat tension. ideally the monetary policy should decentralized and yet able adapt local conditions and changes the way hot(tm) token used that cannot anticipated before launch. because these tensions, emphasize the goals and principles the monetary policy hotnow, rather than committing particular scheme. the overarching goal any policy the growth, health, and success the network, and the policies adopt should benefit network participants. this includes doing what can mitigate excessive volatility. the main lever monetary policy the design hot(tm) token the quantity rewards given economy participants. monetary policy successful, active participants the network should find that both their ability use hot(tm) token redeem create promotions grows stays stable and that the volatility hot(tm) token relative their local currency not strong interfere with enjoyment the network. one way which this achieved that active participants regularly receive new tokens. anticipated that the size these rewards will adjusted keep the hotnow economy running smoothly. because consumer behavior and economic conditions vary the different countries which hotnow plans operate, the reward model may further tuned individual economies. the billion tokens created, the majority will held reserve promote fair and sustainable growth the hotnow economy, including releasing tokens reward users. the rewards system may also adjusted through hotnow's gamification process other channels the platform. the platform matures, hope transition more explicit, decentralized, and open governance process, provided the welfare the economy allows. page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) the ecosystem hotnow, with hot(tm) its core access token all the network's components, service providers might paid with hot(tm), but will surely require access data that consumers and merchants are willing share with them analyze and model. the permissioned blockchain solution suggest here for hotnow's network, will ensure that data never amendable and only created under open protocol, and also that every member the blockchain's specific channel always has free access its own data, yet will carry cost access unrelated data. the data that will created hotnow's network with its economic activity great value its own, and the solution suggested here ensures the data security and privacy needs all networks' entities. page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) xiv. hotnow summation: realize that our vision may sound similar what giants such google and facebook have achieved. these companies created amazing businesses, platforms and networks their own, and enabled the creation businesses and services built top them. are also fully aware hotnow's advantage displaying the best possible promotions the right people the right time. so, that sense, hotnow might like those aforementioned giants, just its own specific niche, with casual-app-game its platform choice; where all the network's activities and transactions are written blockchain (type) ledger, with open protocol rules code that serves all its cuttingedge components. the network's "right exist", and its hot(tm) token, solely rely the benefits the platform creates merchants and buyers. the same true for all (real) tokens and other blockchain distributed ledger-based ecosystems. unlike most itos/tges out there, hotnow already does that with great success, and now only wishes expand this goal becoming community. furthermore, hotnow's partnership with axion ventures provides trust and assurances the early contributors and adopters that its goals will met and that will bring its vision life. hotnow's hot(tm) ito one those rare ones about which contributors can feel safe, and the hot(tm) token itself one whose price evaluation pellucid. gamification everybody's mind, and for good reason[]. hotnow's app will not only gamified, but will game arena filled with ever-growing number casual games. hotnow's users will able play against each-other against the games. even augmented reality (ar) games will implemented later stages, all depending the market and the success hotnow's ito/tge. hotnow will its best not only properly build the network's app and supporting blockchain technology, which will open sourced for other ecosystems utilize, but will make sure the network huge. user acquisition easy task, yet all products and networks looking for the crowd's support via coin/token offering will eventually need make sure its user base grows. this another task hotnow has managed master during its lifetime, and resources will continue allocated keep the network growing, both number merchants and consumers. generally, all available resources hotnow's disposal will directed make the network great and dynamic possible. other words, the more traction hotnow's network receives during the ito, and after the ecosystem and the network's app live, the more features and developments will implemented and perfected. the following sections, the reader will introduced the team behind hotnow and hot(tm), and will receive more technical details regarding the ito and ecosystem roadmap. page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) xv. team and advisors nithinan boonyawattanapisut chief executive officer founder serial entrepreneur, seasoned executive and professional trader with extensive experience gaming and tech industry from determining overall strategic directions, on-the-ground operation, investment and enterprise valuation aspects. ms. boonyawattanapisut also currently serves the chief executive officer and chairwoman true axion interactive, managing director axion interactive, executive director axion games, and director red anchor trading corp., all which she co-founded. varoon aroonsit, chief operating officer started off his career path digital marketing pronto marketing and ended marketing consultant groupon prior joining hotnow, mr. aroonsit carries with him the deep understanding for both consumers and businesses' needs when comes what required effective digital marketing platform emerging markets. prachya gorpaisarn, chief technology officer technologist with years experience software development with solid background creating complex mobile applications including social applications, multi-player online games, trading and banking applications. prior joining hotnow, mr. gorpaisarn was the project leader famous and one the first massive-multiplayer online games thailand promptnow. mark vange, chief technical advisor serial technology entrepreneur specialized company building, conceptualization, managing the rapid growth technology-focused organizations, conventional and unconventional communication protocols, and intellectual property implementation. mr. vange founded his first company the age currently serves the chief executive officer fighterbase publishing and trajectory games after serving the chief technology officer electronic arts interactive, which joined through the acquisition company co-founded, and where led the evolution ea's mobile, social and online products and platforms. page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) boaz yemini chief economic advisor mr. yemini holds m.a. economics, which focused institutional economics, central banking and statistical (machine) learning. spent his early career proprietary trader, and r&d team leader for algo-trading firms, where mastered the art data science. since has been consultant for forex, ad-tech, and casual games start-ups and established companies. mr. yemini has specialized the design games-economies, and now utilizing his economic and statistical skills the creation crypto-tokeneconomies. benjamin scherrey cryptosecurity advisor mr. scherrey has over years experience software developer and systems architect. started his first business and has consulted firms around the globe including ibm, internet security systems, thompson reuters, scientific games, and ericsson, amongst others. known for building agile teams, he's obsessed with security, technology's impact freedom and privacy, private access space, anti-fragility and also designs computer languages with strong type systems for fun. christopher jon peter bagguley chief financial officer accomplished executive with demonstrated expertise directing global financial operations achieve the corporate mission. mr. bagguley's background includes leading strategic planning initiatives and operational turnarounds with proven experience managing administrative, finance, and infrastructure development programs and teams. mr. bagguley also concurrently serves the chief financial officer axion ventures inc. and director true axion games and axion interactive. ake sukkasem marketing manager naturally-talented and dedicated individual, perfectionist, whose interest the past years has been placed solely researching and implementing proper digital marketing strategy, combining art and data science, create brand value and trust that significantly helps drive the growth for the platform. noppanut saothayanan marketing advisor strategic planner with background marketing communication, specialized public relations and advertising. during his time ogilvy public relations, mr. saothayanan customized strategic brand communication solutions for top local and international clients various industries. currently responsible for hotnow's brand communication. page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) kirit saelensminde network security advisor software engineer with years experience under his belt object oriented methodologies, design and development; multiparadigm software development techniques; multi-threading and concurrency issues and implementations; teaching and mentoring. does everything from low level device driver code full system architecture design and requirements capture. writes software python, c++, javascript, sql, objective and actionscript and the moment writes lot django code. jason corbett, phd. external counsel corporate lawyer trade, and entrepreneur heart, who values long term relationships and loyalty towards long term success. trained the law and private practice one canada's largest law firms, mr. corbett's range extends from small business and start-ups fortune industries legal, finance, beverage manufacturing, hotel's, environmental, e-commerce and professional consulting. sebatiao d'almada remedios business development high-energy and well-connected business development and sale person. prior joining hotnow, mr. remedios has owned and operated business f&b distribution and renewable energy hong kong and japan, before moving into technology investment and development. highly skilled sourcing and negotiating strategic and financial partnerships. takashi katagiri business development worked french securities firm for years head execution team and senior sales trader japanese stock. throughout his career, mr. katagiri developed some unique sales products house, and also gave some advice outside information vendor companies, and created new sales trading tools with those companies. before that, also served japanese securities firm corporate finance department and institutional sales department. mark henry saft business development experienced business development executive who has extensive global contacts from his previous executive experience based japan, north america and southeast asia. mr. saft founded leading japanbased executive search firm, the ingenium group, inc., and began his career executive search his network business professionals far-reaching and encompasses senior executives from variety industries. mr. saft also currently serves director true axion interactive. page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) gordon ross gamification lead years the interactive entertainment business. mr. ross worked hands with over game titles: millions unit sold. examples his works are grand theft auto, championship manager (football manager), littlest petshop, petz, leapster, lego and many more too numerous mention. highly experienced game design, monetization, business development, production management and due diligence. marco robinson special advisor bestselling author books award winning entrepreneur, entrepreneur the year), winner the i-property people's choice award best real estate investment company, singapore pioneer naked technology, the world's first asset backed cryptocurrency with its own eco-system fully powered revolutionary blockchain technology, which allows consumers save their most popular spending habits. page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) xvi. roadmap nov aug feb nov hotnow incubated hotnow alpha launched hotnow beta launched axion ventures acquired stake red anchor trading corp. mar jul oct nov dec hotnow officially launched achieve downloads and merchants became featured app ios app store hot(tm) white paper published ito/tge pre-sale begins ito/tge pre-sale completed ito/tge begins and completed gamified version hotnow released with hot(tm) token wallet customer acquisition target million hotnow merchant acquisition target hotnow launch integrated crm version hotnow app for merchants integrated casual games into hotnow jakarta office opens beta permissioned blockchain for all network features vision articulated white paper actualized customer acquisition target million hotnow merchant acquisition target hotnow manila office opens kuala lumpur chi minh offices open customer acquisition target million hotnow customer acquisition target million hotnow page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) xvii. token creation, sale and funds allocation: ,,, (ten billion) units hot(tm) will minted. this amount will ensure two significant aspects the ecosystem. first, the amount ensures the ecosystem's ability grow. are implementing one the most basic, empirically proven and accurate, facts economics the quantity money should grow the economy grows. hotnow views the conceivably problematic aspect, especially the eyes the cryptocommunity, "money printing", merely problem protocol and not issue actual quantity. the contrary, are certain that economic activity supported money, long fundamental equilibriums are maintained. the second issue that are addressing concerns decimals and nano-transactions. hotnow wants ensure the possibility using hot(tm) token transactions, from day-one the future, purchase even the "cheapest" goods services possible. will further stating that wish and prefer one hot(tm) able grant access for promotion such purchasing piece gum the service fee for the sewing button; instead the opposite scenario where merchants will just have offer more for single hot(tm) small decimals, its value the markets will appreciate the ecosystem grows. the hard-cap for the pre-sale and ito, together, ,,, (three billion) hot(tm) (five hundred million) will locked for the network's employees and the rest will placed hotnow's initial reserve, and will only injected the ecosystem the economic activity level justifies and the operational balance depleted. this mechanism ensures healthy and sound correlation between the token-economy's growth and the number tokens circulation, and their mutual support. the prediscount price hot(tm) during both these offerings us$ which equal /th the current minimum discount per transaction (and equal the minimum possible discount) hotnow. during the private pre-sale, starting november th, and the crowd ito, early buyers hot(tm) will receive discounts the hotnow platform already revenue-generating, established business. however, incremental funds will needed integrate blockchain technology into the hotnow ecosystem, while also supporting strong expansion the business. thus, anticipate using our ico funds follows. the soft cap set $m, which the minimum amount required integrate the stellar platform and wallet into the hotnow platform. course, more funds are raised, plan expand the hotnow platform into other key asian markets faster pace. page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) the next key ico milestone set $m. achieving this milestone, plan use build the stellar/hotnow infrastructure and the necessary technical functionalities support the hotnow platform countries asia (thailand, philippines, indonesia, malaysia and vietnam). the remaining will support our efforts establish hotnow's dominance the thai market and strong presence other key south east asian markets (namely manila, cebu, jakarta, kuala lumpur, and chi minh). going further, hotnow's ico secures $m, then hotnow will have sufficient funds push into east asia after securing leading market positions the asian countries mentioned earlier. under such funding scenario, plan deploy establish the required technological infrastructure and support the local operations asian countries and asian countries. the remaining will used solidify hotnow's market dominance asia, and launch hotnow into three key east asian markets (taiwan, japan, and south korea). lastly, our hard cap set $m. under this case, plan use for technology infrastructure and local operations support for countries. the remaining will used support market entry and dominance south east asia and east asia, and will also allow hotnow assertively launch city india and china. xviii. risk factors potential contributors shall understand and accept inherent risks associated with contributing funds the hot(tm) ito according the following non-exhaustive list: risk software weaknesses: the underlying software application and software platform are still early development stage and unproven, and there are warranties covenants that the process for creating distributing hot(tm) tokens will uninterrupted error-free and why there inherent risk that the software could contain weaknesses, vulnerabilities bugs causing, inter alia, the complete loss funds and/or hot(tm) tokens. risk cryptographic weaknesses: the blockchain and all software dependent thereon, such the hotnow platform and hot(tm) are based the effectiveness and reliability cryptographic solutions. however, cryptography evolving and cannot guarantee absolute security all times. advances cryptography, such code cracking, technical advances such the development quantum computers, could present risks all cryptography-based systems including the hotnow platform and hot(tm) this could result the theft, loss, disappearance, destruction devaluation the hot(tm) tokens held the user. page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) regulatory risk: the blockchain technology allows new forms interaction and possible that certain jurisdictions will apply existing regulations on, introduce new regulations addressing, blockchain technology based applications, which may contrary the current setup the smart contract system and which may, inter alia, result substantial modifications the smart contract system and/or the hotnow platform, including its termination and the loss devaluation hot(tm) tokens held the user. risk insufficient information: the hotnow platform very early developmental stage and its philosophy, consensus mechanism, algorithm, code and other technical specifications and parameters could updated and changed frequently and constantly. while the whitepaper contains the up-to-date key information related the hot(tm) the date the whitepaper, not complete final and subject adjustments and updates that hotnow may make from time time. hotnow not position, nor obliged, keep the users closely posted every detail the hotnow platform's development (including its progress and expected milestones, whether rescheduled not) and therefore will not necessarily provide the users with timely full access all the information relating the hotnow platform that may emerge from time time. risk abandonment lack success: the creation and distribution the hot(tm) tokens and the development the hotnow platform may abandoned for number reasons, including lack interest from the public, lack funding, lack commercial success prospects (e.g. caused competing projects). the hot(tm) not expected popular, prevalent widely used soon after its launch. the hot(tm) and the hotnow platform may remain marginalized the long run, appealing only minimal portion users. there thus assurance that, even the hotnow platform partially fully developed and launched, the user will receive any benefits through the hot(tm) held him/her/it. page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) xix. references www.hot-now.com and https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ecandy and https://itunes.apple.com/th/app/hotnow/id?mt= libertyfund.org/titles/economics-as-a-coordination-problem-the-contributions-offriedrich-a-hayek www.bbc.com/news/world-asia- www.intertrust.com/casual-mobile-gaming-ad-techs-future www.mediapost.com/publications/article//global-advertising-revenuereached--billion-in.html www.appannie.com/en/insights/market-data/app-advertising-spend- gartner.com/content/digital-marketing/gartner--marketing-predicts.pdf https://icrealestate.com///online-vs-brick-mortar-retail-shopping-statistics/ ibid ibid ibid ibid ibid ibid businessmirror.com.ph/millennials-fueling-rise-of-fine-dining-in-asiapac-mastercard en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marketing_operations www.businessinsider.com/mobile-ad-costs-are-climbing-- www.bangkokpost.com/tech/local-news//true-axion-ventures-team-upfor-gaming page hot(tm) token [hot(tm) medium.com/new-mobile-game-statistics-every-game-publisher-should-know-in www.decentralize.today/when-greed-is-thought-to-be-a-virtue-when-more-isnever-enough-dcbffaa hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/latest www.exploring-economics.org/en/orientation/institutionalist-economics www.economicsdiscussion.net/theories-of-money/quantity-theory-of-money www.mises.org/blog/what-correct-growth-rate-money-supply www.thinkgrowth.org/look-over-here--strategies-to-survive-in-the-attentioneconomy-aaadcd kissmetrics.com/gamification-for-better-results page