whitepaper version www.hpb.io contents about hpb........................................................................................................................... public blockchain industry overview................................................................................ the problem....................................................................................................................... our solution........................................................................................................................ our value proposition................................................................................................... our technology the blockchain offload engine............................................................. governance....................................................................................................................... consensus algorithm: introducing proof performance (pop)................................ node types.............................................................................................................. two-tier calculation formula.................................................................................. the boe node: dual-election nodes...................................................................... global boe node allocation....................................................................................... voting: election and invitation nodes.................................................................... election nodes: voting........................................................................................ invitation nodes: voting exclusion...................................................................... pre-assigned hpb foundation nodes: voting exclusion.......................................... boe-node incentives.................................................................................................. boe-node block rewards......................................................................................... voting rules................................................................................................................ running for boe hardware...................................................................................... token and distribution.................................................................................................... application........................................................................................................................ blockchain apis application sdks........................................................................... smart contract............................................................................................................ system management.................................................................................................. roadmap........................................................................................................................... use cases.......................................................................................................................... smart big data.......................................................................................................... gaming:..................................................................................................................... anti-counterfeit traceability.................................................................................... the hpb team.................................................................................................................. founding team......................................................................................................... overseas business development team.................................................................... core domestic team................................................................................................. acknowledgements.......................................................................................................... www.hpb.io about hpb with blockchain technology growing unprecedented pace and the world scrambling find new and exciting applications for this development, problem plaguing the industry has hampered progress: scalability. high performance blockchain (hpb) has solved this issue with its novel approach combining software and hardware. hpb revolutionary permissionless blockchain architecture developed and operated the hpb foundation. committed becoming the world's highest performing blockchain platform, hpb will pave the way for the blockchain technology revolution for businesses and consumers alike. with core team comprised talents from high-powered multinationals such huawei, ibm, inspur, alibaba, unionpay, icbc, mckinsey and deloitte, founder and ceo wang xiaoming formally established the team ceo wang xiaoming gathered team build and launch platform that would win numerous awards the blockchain industry, and himself was rewarded the title "most innovative ceo" the annual blockchain finance fin-tech china due the novel approach combining hardware and software, hpb gained the attention blockchain enthusiasts, professionals, and developers worldwide. through immense fundraising done the core team, hpb has grown more than professionals from top firms and universities with experiences ranging from top employees, investment bankers, consultants and marketing specialists. having weathered the peak and valley the cryptocurrency market, one the foundational beliefs the project stronger than ever: blockchain technology not only advancement computing technology, but also economic model wherein all stakeholder interests are aligned. blockchain technology grows and becomes part everyday life, hope that you will join us. hope that you will collaborate with build new world which more transparent, more accessible, and more agreeable both ends transaction. believe that with the proliferation blockchain technology, new economic model for businesses will develop and flourish into powerful instrument security, transparency, and commerce. look forward that day, and hope you will there with us. www.hpb.io public blockchain industry overview the blockchain industry has evolved from the simple cryptocurrency application with immutable, public ledger blockchain smart contracts with innumerable applications with decentralized applications (dapps). the current landscape, public chains are scrambling gather much funding and developers they can create their ecosystem and tokenomics secure their spot the future blockchain. with the influx investments from initial coin offerings (icos), direct private investments and token swaps, the industry itself has moved from the initial boom publicity steady development. with many public chains and corresponding applications being developed, the industry highly fragmented, competitive environment all striving for sustainability. with initial reactions many key governments harshly regulating blockchains and cryptocurrencies, they are now stabilizing and looking foster growth their respective industries. after enjoying very hectic boom the industry late /early investors and consumers alike have become more stabilized and are awaiting the projects with sustainability. the main traits they look for are, course, attractive tokenomics, capabilities the infrastructure, development team and forth, but also the solution the big blockchain problem: scalability. blockchain offered new platform and technology transact and keep ledger, and blockchain offered smart contracts. with any future technology, the main differentiator for blockchain may unknown the moment, but evident that the scalability problem must solved for the tech move forward, with the possibility that scalability itself will the differentiator. dapp development and their ecosystem have been point focus for many public chains, and rightfully so; without full, thriving ecosystem, the majority public chain's value becomes void. new applications are coming light, such social networking, energy and resource management, big data, financial instruments, advertising, and more, apparent that dapp development must fostered and allowed explore new avenues business. with proper tokenomics, all stakeholders' interests may aligned, creating new business model where owners/investors, employees, and consumers all benefit together. with strong and powerful enough infrastructure, developers may create applications their heart's content, allowing for any number different capabilities. with user/developer friendly tools, the burden learning new technology taken away and that barrier adoption nullified. although fragmented market, the blockchains that offer competitive advantage, lasting infrastructure, high utility will undoubtedly survive and move forward exploring this blue ocean. www.hpb.io the problem the current major iterations blockchain possess several problems: tps performance high transaction fees blockchain technology's adoption rate grows, transaction volumes grow exponential rate. current infrastructures cannot handle the volume, causing massive congestion and slow-downs congestion networks leads higher transaction fees, the processing entities prioritize the ones who pay the most bitcoin legacy network, confined about tps. visa, running average tps with maximum far outpaces current networks comparison high block sizes can lead increased network latency, turn increasing confirmation times, congestion, and general slow-down the network. this again increases fees even further difficulty developing dapp poor security due the stated issues, developers experience roadblocks and face challenges dapp development several public chains have already experienced security breaches split the community can lead hard forks, leading splintered blockchain networks and sometimes even abandonment the infrastructure protection against network attack, where majority mining resources are turned against the network, still hasn't been found for most networks www.hpb.io our solution with blockchain technology still being its infancy, the implementations its offerings differ with each public chain. hpb aims tackle the most obvious problem, scalability, with novel architecture effort add value businesses while solving the challenges for consumers. with the unique mix open-source hardware and software, the architecture offers many unique advantages not seen elsewhere. through this mix, fusion high-level technologies come together create the comprehensive package offered: this suite technologies served first the hardware architecture. the boe hardware unit comprised four main components; the mac module, hardware random number generator, tcp/ip offload engine (toe), and elliptic curve digital signature algorithm module. these modules come together present streamlined approach security, data integrity, data collection, and the main blockchain processes such signature verifications and the consensus algorithm, while massively reducing the workload the parent system. this system designed optimize the software much possible, leaving the hardware what should computation. the software architecture focuses mainly being interface customizable tool for the user. provides accounts, identity, authorization and policy management, along with database and asynchronous communications multitude cpus, fpgas clustered program schedules. www.hpb.io the two architectures are assigned perform what they are best suited for; hardware for raw computing, software and data management for interacting with the user. through lowering parent system requirements, one the barriers entry lowered join the blockchain the boe takes the majority the work. with the expansion software development kits (sdks) that will allow most mainstream programming languages implemented with minimal adjustments, developers will enjoy more flexible development stage they can utilize the language their applications are best suited for and are comfortable with. lastly, scalability solved through the high performance the network, the hpb public blockchain will great offering all, from large multinationals individual developers. our value proposition high transactions per second (tps) the blockchain offload engine (boe) hardware chipset developed optimize the blockchain network and alleviate the most common bottlenecks. different parts the www.hpb.io consensus algorithm process are offloaded onto the chipset greatly enhance transaction speeds. full customizability accessibility the hpb platform programming language agnostic using rpc build new sdks for most programming languages, making decentralized application (dapp) development highly accessible. launch the hpb mainnet java will the main coding language. after variety coding languages will available, professionals and unaffiliated developers alike can utilize whichever means they deem fit for their purpose and develop their dapps without the hassle tweaking their projects specific language, any the added coding languages can used deploy smart contracts. low maintenance costs unlike traditional hardware, our boe hardware chipset specifically developed run and maintain decentralized blockchain network. the chip fully optimized complete the consensus algorithm process highly efficient and effective manner. through the unique synergies achieved the combination hardware and software, transactions are verified and stored without incurring excessive electricity costs. data system security the coupling hardware and software enables greater system security compared traditional systems. blockchain nature distributed ledger, preventing data loss and preserving the integrity said data. the boe hardware adds another layer security introducing the physical component the blockchain infrastructure, which far less susceptible attacks than software only solutions. addition, the boe hardware has embedded hardware random number generator, which greatly increases security through unpredictability. www.hpb.io our technology the blockchain offload engine for traditional blockchain nodes, functions such transaction broadcasting, transaction verification, block broadcasting, and block packaging are all implemented the software level. the data connection between each node serial process, resulting complications such complex network topology, long delay times and low serial processing performance due general hardware bottlenecks. address such stumbling blocks, the blockchain offload engine (boe) was created. the boe heterogeneous processing system, harmonizing hardware, firmware, and corresponding matching software that streamlines the whole process. achieve target performance and high concurrent computing acceleration, the boe combines cpu serial capabilities and the parallel processing capabilities field-programmable gate arrays (fpga)/asic chips. boe board schematic www.hpb.io the boe's first point interface with the network the mac module. connecting other devices through peer-to-peer (pp) network, the mac module uses gigabit/ gigabit ethernet interface. encrypted communication channels are established via the tcp/ip offload engine (toe) module. the module performs integrity checks and signature verifications, well account balance checks messages, transactions and blocks. tcp and udp packets are resolved for communication. for excessive block data, performs fragment processing sent and encapsulates each fragment ensure the integrity the received data. this offloads lot resources from the cpu, takes part these functions. the boe designed able provide corresponding incentives for the contribution the system, attract more users participate maintaining the network's operation. this done through collecting statistical information regarding the received traffic each tcp connection. ecdsa acceleration reinforce security, every transaction and block broadcast the network requires signing and verification process. ecdsa, the elliptic curve digital signature algorithm, currently the most mature and widely used digital signature algorithm the industry. due hardware limitations traditional blockchain set-ups, software-only implementations are limited low number verifications per second (vps), falling far short hpb's desired specifications. the boe hardware solves this issue ecdsa module embedded the unit itself, alleviating the burden having software run the process. this solution allows for signature verification speeds that meet enterprise level requirements. hardware random number generator when data transmission performed between nodes, encrypted channel needs established through key exchange. software random number generators are generally pseudo-random, hardware solution needed guarantee truly random numbers for encryption purposes. this not only ensures the true nature the random number, but also alleviates workload from the cpu. data fragmentation current network infrastructures are not able handle the great amount data transmitted between nodes, leading slow data synchronization. the boe adopts block data fragmentation broadcast processing. this approach, each block fragment contains complete block header, allowing for newly generated blocks broadcast easily all nodes and realize quick convergence the blockchain. network performance one the network's requirements become high-performance node provide bandwidth the system. collecting network statistics and traffic information through the boe the most efficient, the gateway the network through the boe hardware. this results easily and readily available method data collection provided the boe unit. www.hpb.io concurrency the boe able achieve considerable number concurrent connections, supporting more than simultaneous tcp sessions, processing the sessions parallel. this greatly reduces the number distributed network layers dedicating parallel processing hardware place traditional serial processing methods. this allows functions such transaction data broadcasting, transaction confirmation broadcasting and forth done parallel, greatly reducing response times and bolstering network speeds factor www.hpb.io governance despite being heralded the onset decentralization, fully decentralized blockchain faces many infrastructure-breaking problems. due their uncontrolled nature, the infrastructure itself may subject roadblocks such hard forks from divided voter base, cartels that may form control the voter base. the dual-election model hpb the solution balancing the benefits seek from decentralization, and stable infrastructure. although the issue decentralization the very least sensitive, and most subjective, believe have found good solution. with four core principles, efficiency, transparency, accessibility, and inclusion, are able bridge the gap between decentralization, and effectiveness. consensus algorithm: introducing proof performance (pop) the consensus algorithm one the pillars blockchain, understandable that many different iterations have sprung from the different public chains. hpb different, and faced the core the problem head-on. the vision decentralized future was difficult balance with performance, and after carefully balancing the pros and cons, novel approach was chosen. existing algorithms presented strong drawbacks one two categories; decentralization and performance. striking balance without much compromise had been the holy grail upcoming projects, and our core team was able devise their own design. hpb's consensus algorithm based the performance contribution each node and takes into consideration many different factors its calculation. this sets very much apart from other consensus algorithms that have analyzed for the use for our blockchain and because have named proof performance (pop). node types order understand the technical details hpb's proof performance, important understand the type nodes that participate the network. each node type has its own purpose participating the network and execute different processes the blockchain. the main drivers the hpb mainnet are the boe-nodes that comprise the entire active network for the duration the seasonal boe node election invitations periods outlined section the mainnet run active boe-nodes, out which are denoted hp-nodes based their performance. hp-nodes are constant rotation and generated the consensus algorithm, choosing from the pool candidate-nodes and reassessing existing hp-nodes using embedded two-tier calculation formula. www.hpb.io two-tier calculation formula the pop consensus algorithm features two-tier formula that divides and completes the calculations from outer and inner layer. this division reduces computational resources and increases the speed which the pop can complete the necessary calculations reach consensus. outer layer the outer layer the consensus algorithm determines which candidate-node will become hp-node through embedded hp-node generation mechanism. all hpnodes are chosen from the available pool boe-nodes based the performance contribution each node. the embedded hp-node generation mechanism utilizes performance indicators that rank the boe-nodes determine which node will hpnode the next hp-node rotation occurring every minutes. the hp-node generation mechanism embedded the pop consensus algorithm runs automatically and ensures steady node rotation for fairness the hp-node selection. key influencing factors for becoming hp-node are: server performance (high spec. server set up) network bandwidth (bi-directional upload download speed) boe compliance status (boe-node network connectivity; boe-node transaction analysis) number times boe-node has been selected hp-node geographical location daily continuous votes received inner layer the inner layer the consensus algorithm determines which hp-node prioritized generate the block, based anonymous hash queue mechanism. the inner layer calculation divided into three components nomination, statistics and, computation: www.hpb.io nomination: the beginning each hp-node rotation, the boe generates random commits, which are part the generated blocks. each hp-node submits their respective blocks synchronized into the chain, including the random commits. statistics: the end each hp-node rotation, the hp-nodes count the commits part the generated block and create commit pool: (commit, commit, commit, commit, ... commitn) computation: when new block generated, each hp-node calculates the priority the node the block. this priority calculation done using the commits fixed weight algorithm choosing from the created commit pool. the hp-node with the highest priority will generate the block, while the other boe-nodes perform signature verifications, following the principle verifiable random functions (vrf) ensure privacy and security, the new block integrated into the blockchain. result the inner and outer layer design the pop consensus algorithm, the hp-node selection and the block generation process provide enhanced security and privacy for the entire network. addition, the division the calculation helps increase computational speeds and allows for higher performance the blockchain. the boe node: dual-election nodes ensuring that the spirit decentralization remains the foundation our model, the dual-election nodes was chosen our method voting and selecting our boe-nodes. this method features election, and invitation track that determines how nodes are allocated, and the amount block rewards they receive. through the election track, any entity, person organization, may apply and vote for boe hardware unit. elected, the candidates that successfully pass our community supervision guidelines will given boe hardware unit quarterly basis until our boe hardware unit cap reached. anyone may apply and vote become active boe-node running the mainnet. the invitation track different nature, where hpb invites entities become nodes. here where not only bridge the gap between effectiveness and decentralization, but also keep alive the spirit blockchain itself. the main benefits blockchain were widely acclaimed due its holistic, non-zero-sum-game nature; looked benefit all stakeholders. uphold these values inviting institutions that are contributing the development society, such universities and scientific research institutions, npos, ngos, and those having stake the network (i.e. hpb dapps). thoroughly vetting the invitees, ensure that invitee nodes may bring synergy the network and create wider decentralization. global boe node allocation having operational boe hardware unit prerequisite participating running the hpb blockchain and receiving its block rewards, have defined the following node allocation ensure smooth and efficient system: www.hpb.io with the total number boe nodes being less than that boe units circulation, election and invitee nodes are subject rotation cycle. boe node elections are held every three months, and invitee node delegations every six months. demand for the hpb infrastructure grows, the network active nodes will grow organically tandem. the expansion the node network divided into two phases supporting the infrastructure from the time the mainnet launch. phase mainnet go-live total boe nodes maintain the network, with total hp-nodes. phase boe node expansion additional boe nodes are added the network strengthen the mainnet, resulting boe nodes maintaining the network, will hp-nodes. regards our boe node holder governance, important highlight that foster the principle inclusion and give everyone the opportunity apply for boe hardware unit means the election and invitation tracks. the election track allows anyone apply for boe hardware unit, competing with other applicants every boe hardware election. when boe hardware owners compete again part the boe node elections for active boe node that network participation decided. invitee nodes however, face stringent requirements and are vetted harshly they are delegated directly the hpb foundation, and automatically become boe nodes participating the network. principle, anyone any institution may apply join the network invitee node, but will only consider the following institutions and partners: enterprises: enterprises within the hpb ecosystem that deploy dapps and serve their target users. academic research institutions: universities scientific research institutions that can carry out academic research and develop advanced technology the blockchain industry. developers: those who can contribute the hpb technical ecosystem. npos: non-profit organizations that can give back the society through blockchain technology. voting: election and invitation nodes the hpb blockchain infrastructure open source and allows all participants, both network operators and users holding hpb coin, the opportunity impact the platform governance. this important virtue embedded within hpb's vision regarding community supervision, the community can come together build decentralized future, aligning majority stakeholders interests, where every hpb coin can used cast one vote, with the weight the votes being accumulative. www.hpb.io election nodes: voting the boe nodes maintaining the network are the backbone the hpb infrastructure, and facilitate most the transactional processes occurring the hpb blockchain. the boe hardware election divided into two expansion phases. phase one voting will continue quarterly until boe hardware owners are elected the community fill the hardware unit cap (at time writing, have been distributed). phase two will increase the cap meet the expected increase demand. the voting feature accessed through the hpb wallet, where all users can use their hpb coins cast votes for themselves other community members. for each boe hardware election, applicants compete with each other for the most votes, with the highest ranking receiving hardware unit each. feel healthy amount competition good for the system, more hardware units will released than there are available slots for boe nodes, implying that there will applicants who own the boe hardware units without the status boe-node. those who won the boe hardware elections, now compete with each other run active boe-node. this competition called boe node elections and follows the same election logic and based the same voting rules. invitation nodes: voting exclusion the node invitation also divided into two expansion phases, where node holders are invited the hpb foundation during bi-annual node application for invitation cycles. although there hardware unit cap for invitations, maximum only active nodes will able participate the network. for phase two, the number active nodes for invitations will double falling line with the expansion plan the network. the time writing, out invitee boe nodes have been allocated unlike the election track, node invitees are automatically given the status active boe-node, and such will completely segregated from the voting feature, unable cast receive votes. this balance the economic rewards part the node incentives (i.e. block rewards) outlined section pre-assigned hpb foundation nodes: voting exclusion there are pre-assigned nodes for the hpb foundation, which will not rotated. total boe nodes part the network phase one. phase two will again double the number, bringing total hpb foundation nodes active the network. they are not elected nodes, they will follow the logic invitation nodes where they are segregated from the voting feature, being unable cast receive votes. this again balance the economic rewards part the node incentives (i.e. block rewards) outlined section boe-node incentives the economic model for boe-node holders driven incentive paradigm embedded the way the supply hpb coins increase annually. hpb has total initial supply hpb and the annual additional issuance capped hpb. the team has decided that adopting inflationary model will help stabilize hpb's market economy, especially because agree with the theory that coin loss can modeled percentage the total supply per year and the total hpb supply circulation will eventually stabilize and reach equilibrium. www.hpb.io for the first year the hpb mainnet operations (running boe-nodes) the inflation will not reach the issuance cap, instead set the initial token supply hpb. part the boe node expansion (running boe-nodes) the issuance expected reach the cap the initial token supply hpb. fixing the maximum inflation using issuance cap implies that relative inflation decreases every year. furthermore, have decided that for the first year inflation equal amount hpb coin will burned from the reserve fund drive adoption and economic incentives for boe-node holders. this means, despite using inflationary model, the effective inflation for the first year will boe-node block rewards the additional issuance hpb coin part the inflation allocated block rewards boe-node holders and the distribution the block rewards divided into two parts: two-thirds the block rewards are allocated hp-nodes and candidate-nodes. for each block generated, the hp-node responsible for the block generation receives the block reward, and all other candidate-nodes evenly divide the remaining the block rewards. one-third the block rewards are allocated according the proportion daily votes the elected boe-nodes obtained, part the boe node continuous voting process. this allocation model compensates for the block reward allocation model hp-nodes and candidate-nodes and incentivizes those maintaining nodes. voting rules order facilitate the boe hardware elections, boe node elections and, boe node continuous voting the voting feature embedded the hpb wallet. the rules for voting consider the stake users have the network and also allows for community initiatives thrive. voting period: each hpb coin can used cast one vote every hours, which will accounted for calculating the node's reward for that day, part the boe node continuous voting process. order qualify for the block reward allocation for elected boe nodes the node must receive least one vote. vote source: the eligible amount hpb coin for voting captured with random snapshot the wallet balance the previous day. the eligible amount for voting stays the same within the same round voting and will not change the balance the wallet changes. www.hpb.io voting: voting done using the hpb wallet app and features automatic voting mechanism (autovote), votes can automated based percentage allocation. the following scenarios apply: additional funds added the wallet are not automatically considered for voting, and need manually added the automated voting mechanism funds are less than originally specified, the voting allocation will use the percentage allocation based the remaining funds (random snapshot) vote count: votes received are used calculate the block reward for each round. any votes received are cleared and reset zero for the next round voting the next day. vote withdrawal: withdrawing votes already submitted within the same round/ day voting. votes withdrawn within the same day/ round can used vote for other boe nodes. running for boe hardware the boe hardware prerequisite for anyone who wants participate the network boe-node. given the hardware integration into server, minimum server requirements apply. the boe hardware election subject performance test the server which can completed while the boe hardware elections are open. interested parties are asked complete the following steps: register for the boe hardware elections hpb's website: www.hpb.io download and run the server testing software link and verify the authenticity the wallet address, sending hpb coin the address shown the boe hardware election page applicants compete for available boe hardware units through their wallet holdings. the wallet linked the application used determine ranking the majority stakeholders for the current season boe hardware elections. the minimum boe hardware requirements are: www.hpb.io token and distribution hpb total coin supply hpb. order incentivize our node holders, the hpb foundation provides annual proportional reward the total initial coin supply. for the first year (starting september the reward set and issued through our reserve fund. starting from year (september there will additional issuance coins reward the high-performance nodes and candidate nodes. the number additional issuances shall not exceed per year. team: incentive for founding team and employees. founding team employee coins will locked for three years and the unlocking process one-third per year; investors: cornerstone investors coins will locked for three years and the unlocking process onethird per year; ecosystem development: build the hpb brand and dapp ecosystem, promote community ecosystem development, such application development, community operation incentives, etc.; reserve fund:% used for strategic investment, token exchange, government cooperation, response industry changes, etc. reserve fund will locked for three years and the unlocking process one-third per year. www.hpb.io application blockchain apis application sdks the base layer the blockchain system provides series blockchain data access and interaction interfaces using json-rpc restful api support various data applications and development languages. supports multi-blockchain, data query, transaction submission and other blockchain operations. different business scenarios, the interactive access interface can further integrated with the privilege control system. application sdks will available well, allowing for the execution blockchain operations and functions, packet-based encryption, data signatures, transaction generation, among other features. the sdks will provide comprehensive service function interface for the developers working with hpb. can extended integration specific business logic functions, and seamlessly support expansion and integration into various business system languages. currently supports java, whereas the following coding languages are planned for the future: javascript, .net, ruby, python and other sdk languages. smart contract general virtual machine (gvm) mechanism hpb supports variety virtual machines, with the capability adding new virtual machines needed over time through modular design. the underlying virtual machine combined with upper-level programming language parsing and transformation flexibly support the basic applications the virtual machine. through customized api operations, the external interface the virtual machine can realized, and flexibly interact with the ledger and external data. this mechanism streamlines native code execution when running smart contracts. gvm also supports code from other blockchains, allowing for greater flexibility ethereum virtual machine (evm) evm has been the most popular solution for existing smart contracts, and can also used hpb. possible run the hpb operating system's blockchain, and evm smart contracts within internal sandbox, allowing for interactions with other hpb applications with minimal alterations. neo virtual machine (neovm) neovm actively being used for enterprise-level finance solutions while also having strong presence other industries. when future neovm users run into scenarios requiring high-performance, they can interact with hpb with only small modifications. smart contract lifecycle management the system handles smart contracts digital assets, managing their full lifecycle from start finish. functions complete controlled management system submission, deployment, usage, and cancellation the assets. comprehensive smart contract management can fully implemented when paired with the right management mechanism. www.hpb.io smart contract auditing smart contract auditing achieved through secure auditing, combination automated auditing tools and professional auditors. with automated code review, formal verification, and integrated unit coverage testing tools, the smart auditing process provides security for most main points vulnerability smart contracts. smart contract template increasing the number smart contracts written and executed, active adoption the smart contract will build flexible portfolio templates for businesses use, supporting flexible configurations for multitude scenarios. system management system configuration the system architecture can divided into four levels: hardware, hardware abstraction, middle, and implementation layers. the software and hardware versions the overall architecture must compatible with each other. such novel approach may new undertaking for some systems, hpb provides system upgrade service help with compatibility. with simple commands, various levels compatibility checks, automated downloads and upgrades, and deployments can implemented for clarity and ease use. system monitoring hpb provides the whole ecosystem with comprehensive monitoring, logging dashboard applications, and real-time activity alerts and notifications. remote fault recovery and network system restart services are also provided hpb cases technical troubles, and integrated monitoring and expansion for specific business needs. www.hpb.io roadmap the writing have strived for and achieved many steps towards our vision. throughout our mainnet has launched and our platform has grown. and beyond, will push for greater use cases, with partnerships that will strengthen and add our core competencies build strong dapp ecosystem, and hpb market economy. www.hpb.io use cases smart big data security and privacy are quickly becoming the focal points media and consumers concerning big data. large multinationals are not immune breaches security numerous widely publicized incidents have shown, from stolen information through online methods stolen hardware through offline means. preventing direct attacks the server question does not completely nullify the threat however, even tertiary and auxiliary collection benign data may eventually become robust enough identify customers, and breach their systems will result breach privacy. can help combat those concerns not only securing its data through its blockchain, but also the accompanying services. our blockchain ensures transparency, the boe ensures security through encryption, and suite monitoring services ensures integrity the system. through this holistic approach alleviating big data's concerns, have gained recognition from industry leaders big data. unionpay smart for example, has partnered with effort preserve data integrity and performance. with annual turnover trillion yuan, unionpay smart specialized big data innovation and currently responsible for china's banking transaction data. the partnership will bolster the authentication, certification, and traceability aspects their data, with tentative launch date set q-, gaming: the global gaming market hitting unseen heights, having reached billion usd with such vast market, new business models and trends are constantly presenting themselves, such the rise free-to-play (fp) games. one-time paid games, the traditional model the industry where the consumer pays front buy the game, has been overtaken the model revenue share, offering in-app purchases for in-game benefits ranging from items and services. currently, almost all games are created and run centralized game content providers, responsible for administering the game assets, trades, and all the in-game logic. personal owned game asset: virtually all the centralized games, game currencies and assets are stored and managed the company's administration. this gives the content provider the capability manipulate the user's in-game assets freely. through our infrastructure, virtual in-game commodities may stored the blockchain, and turn will owned solely the user; once the asset has been issued the user, the right modify transfer said assets would only belong the user. fair and transparent virtual assets marketplace: the game provider hold all administrative access and rights the network, trading activities are controlled and monitored the game provider. they hold the power intervene any trades between users, even forbid any activity when needed, even fiat currencies are involved. prime example recent memory the third iteration widely popular mmo. the game had thriving auction house, where in-game real currencies could used trade between players. the new feature became necessary because previous releases had allowed user-to-user trading and players came together online www.hpb.io forums and traded their items, sometimes leading fraudulent activity. despite the feature being attempt controlling the trading environment, the game publisher ultimately decided that the trading was harmful the longevity the game and shut down the auction house, leaving players that had invested large amounts fiat into the game with retribution. through us, players can trade assets freely. the blockchain infrastructure will responsible for authentication the trading process, with possibility third-party intervention. fair and transparent game rule written smart contracts: centralized games, game rules, logic, and code are often held server-side, hidden from players. the users can only trust the provider and hope that the process represented and fair. this not problem for lot casual games, but once fiat gets involved with probability, could make the difference between ethical transaction and money-grab. online casino gaming, players may have great amount money riding probability calculations that are done server-side, with way ensure the fairness the system. with blockchain technology, game provider may publish their game logic the chain and have the system run accordingly. the player would then able clearly see how the calculations are done, and judge the fairness the system their own standards, and not blind hope that the provider playing fair. through smart contracts, not only ensured that the player will not cheat, but also the administrator, becoming fully fair and transparent system. anti-counterfeit traceability information asymmetry results difficulty the traceability products, and leave consumers and businesses alike counterfeiting. mainstream technologies only provide one-way traceability, such barcodes and codes. enabling two-way traceability with these technologies requires immense investment the producer, implementing complex logistics chain and way for the end-user access such data. with distributed ledgers, and ledger traceability, two-way traceability blockchain technology can solve the traceability issue, combatting counterfeiting ensuring each and every product can traced back the source, step-by-step. www.hpb.io the hpb team hpb has team over staff dedicated towards realizing the high performance blockchain solution. our talent pool includes experts from variety different backgrounds including it, tech quants, banking, consulting and many more. founding team xiaoming wang hpb founder ceo xiaoming wang the ceo hpb and true blockchain pioneer. well known the chinese blockchain community, popular with his nickname 'lan lianhua' (blue lotus). has been involved for over years internet technology development and was one the founders union pay smart, union pay's big data team. with his expertise technology architectures and extensive interdisciplinary knowledge cross-border e-commerce, financial big data and blockchain, later became cto beltal. his contribution the blockchain industry also includes being one the main authors series published blockchain development guide books, participating highly-recognized videos and programs introducing blockchain technology. jinxin hpb co-founder cfo jinxin co-founder hpb and heading hpb's strategic development. was one the first ethereum investors and miners china. having participated multiple digital asset investment projects, achieved annual portfolio return for two years. prior joining hpb, jinxin was the chief blockchain analyst guotai junan securities. also holds phd finance from the central university finance and economics. hpb co-founder cto www.hpb.io one the co-founders hpb and currently sits its cto. with over decade experience chipset development and management, expertise large-scale planning, and design complex system software and hardware systems, leads hpb tech-team's core product design, r&d, and hardware development. prior joining hpb, led the development china's first desktop emulation product and led architecture development team for satellight hardware system during his tenure with the institute chinese academy sciences. shanlin lou hpb co-founder tech lou shanlin one the co-founders hpb and currently sits the tech vp. leads the hpb tech-team's software architecture design. prior joining hpb, primarily worked software development, having over years experience research and development embedded and underlying software. has worked for china's first server vendor, inspur, the chief engineer embedded software. his experience includes software and hardware development, image recognition algorithms and application platform development. shanlin lou has been involved multiple national scientific research projects. core international team emma zhu chief marketing officer emma the cmo hpb and coordinates the marketing operations for the firm. prior joining hpb, emma worked guotai junan securities, one the largest investment banks china, where she focused blockchain market research. prior, she also worked mckinsey&co and yum group, where she participated numerous cross-industry digital marketing campaigns with alipay tencent gaming and gained rich experience digital marketing communications. emma holds master degree international affairs from columbia university with concentration international finance. danny rowshandel managing director overseas business development danny has joined the hpb international team business development director. helps drive hpb's growth overseas markets seeking new strategic partnerships and investments. prior joining hpb, danny primarily worked for major chinese financial institutions. hna technology, fortune investment conglomerate with focus services, worked senior finance manager, successfully closing multiple large-scale cross border m&a and fundraising projects. earlier also worked for icbc, china's largest state-owned bank support the development its financial leasing business different geographic regions. www.hpb.io julien passagne business development director julien has joined the hpb international team business development director. his focus the international markets and the expansion the blockchain operations the firm. before joining hpb, julien was practitioner deloitte switzerland and focused providing management consulting services private and leading universal banking clients. furthermore, julien was deeply engaged deloitte's blockchain services offering driving eminence the market early subject matter expert. julien was also leading the blockchain-tech group, driving internal initiatives such creating and facilitating cross-industry blockchain introduction and specialized tech trainings, running internal code-sharing platform and publishing eminence pieces. core domestic team jason dapp infrastructure lead developer jason acts the technical lead for dapp infrastructure development for high performance blockchain. overseeing the dapp development various projects and manages large developer team. prior joining hpb, primarily worked developing core financial infrastructure for financial institutions senior project director chinasoft and ruimin software. jason has over ten years experience product design, project implementation and large-scale software project management. chris chen business development director chris chen business development director hpb, leading hpb's ecosystem expansion within the chinese market. prior joining hpb, chris worked for alibaba group operations expert. participated number alibaba's business expansion campaigns ranging from expanding its new retail business helping alibaba realize its ambitions becoming key market player rural east-china. has also been involved consultant for one china's leading e-commerce platforms, dazhong dianping, providing strategic planning advisory the management. www.hpb.io acknowledgements hpb honored have had the contributions some the most talented people finance, business, and it. the project could not have had the successful start had the privilege experience not for the investors, advisors, and partners that kickstarted the development. large and sophisticated institutions, weathered and wise individuals, are humbled and grateful for their guidance and support. although humbled the aid have received far, are also excited about opportunities come, and the brilliant minds that may work with. look forward the future, where all those who have had impact hpb's prosperity and the industry itself will there with when blockchain stakes its claim the world lasting tool society. the hpb foundation www.hpb.io