htmlcoin white paper october htmlcoin white paper htmlcoin white paper contents abstract .................................................................................................................................................. introduction htmlcoin....................................................................................................... vision ..................................................................................................................................................... mission .................................................................................................................................................. goals and objectives .................................................................................................................. the technology .............................................................................................................................. how htmlcoin works .................................................................................................................. market analysis ........................................................................................................................... htmlcoin.business ..................................................................................................................... roadmap and projects (the -year htmlcoin business plan ......... governance the html blockchain ......................................................................... htmlcoin history ..................................................................................................................... htmlcoin today ......................................................................................................................... the htmlcoin foundation.................................................................................................. htmlcoin white paper abstract htmlcoin not just cryptocurrency, but new, secure blockchain based bitcoin core that integrates ethereum based smart contracts. implements extendable design that can add more virtual machines (vm) than other blockchain platforms. enabled through account abstraction layer, the htmlcoin platform allows account-based function bitcoin utxo based blockchain. htmlcoin not ico. established crypto coin that expanding become blockchain platform for multiple coins, smart contracts, and distributed applications. developed, supported, and promoted the htmlcoin foundation, which has not only designed new blockchain platform based the best characteristics bitcoin and ethereum, but has expanded include the positive attributes network technology stacks from the likes qtum and ark. essentially, htmlcoin hybrid some the best and most innovative technologies the crypto world, making premier coin and blockchain platform with the potential become industry leader. htmlcoin white paper introduction htmlcoin cryptocurrency began with bitcoin upon its introduction, bitcoin was merely white paper with novel idea. but caught on, and has grown from fledgling idea into bonafide global phenomenon, making millionaires out many its initial supporters along the way. beyond bitcoin, and possibly ethereum, the average person knows very little about the cryptocurrency world, having idea that there are hundreds different alternative cryptocurrencies available, and more are being added daily. are the start cryptocurrency boom that has the potential change our world dramatically. htmlcoin intends major part this global change. with committed development team that gave birth the coin htmlcoin plans establish itself leader not only global cryptocurrency blockchain transactions, but utilizing the blockchain network for education and the creation opportunities for all. htmlcoin will for everyone. vision our vision see world that has fully embraced the blockchain. world where people utilize blockchain technology freely they currently the camera take selfie. for this happen, believe that human interaction with the blockchain must revolutionized. the blockchain must made easy use, meaningful, and accessible everyone, regardless their country citizenship economic means. plan providing people with the tools and resources make this happen. htmlcoin about empowering people and creating opportunities. ultimately, envision "humanized" blockchain. mission htmlcoin strives provide the world with easy use, meaningful cryptocurrency and blockchain platform. one that not only provides businesses, entrepreneurs, and individuals with fast and secure environment for the exchange goods and services, but one that also allows for people communicate with each other, increase their levels education, and ultimately improve their day-to-day lives. htmlcoin will for everyone. htmlcoin white paper goals and objectives economy htmlcoin strives to: utilize mobile technology tool facilitate payments. facilitate the adoption htmlcoin store value various communities. make the coin and the html blockchain accessible all businesses and people. technology htmlcoin strives to: provide strong, stable, and robust cryptocurrency. build and maintain sound support infrastructure. encourage third-party application development. education htmlcoin strives to: educate people about htmlcoin and cryptocurrency. promote research about html blockchain technology and applications. provide platform for people gain education and blockchain technology credentials. share knowledge regarding blockchain technology with schools, universities, and training centers help expedite the next generation's adoption and application this technology. htmlcoin white paper global community htmlcoin strives to: facilitate the development the htmlcoin community throughout the world. secure and promote good relations with the financial community. spread awareness about htmlcoin the mainstream. provide accessible, low-threshold blockchain platform (with technical support) that can utilized both small businesses and large multinationals. humanize the blockchain htmlcoin strives to: make the blockchain easy use and accessible everyone. educate, support, and encourage people utilize the blockchain harness their digital potential. the technology htmlcoin advanced smart contracting platform, not bitcoin clone. the value the html blockchain will its smart contract based projects and the services offered its platform. enterprises, communities, and projects will use the htmlcoin platform crowdfund and run their businesses. users will buy tokens crowdfunded established projects running the htmlcoin platform. users will buy htmlcoins store value transact across the network. businesses and users will use the htmlcoin platform for communication and education purposes. the innovative construction the html blockchain allows for practically every conceivable concept realized its platform. all types and sizes companies, schools, and communities can develop their ideas and projects the htmlcoin platform. htmlcoin white paper the html blockchain when developing our blockchain platform, recognized the importance bitcoin and ethereum the crypto world, and the world general. wanted build platform that utilized aspects both coins, but also wanted build platform that was easy use and accessible all. the result open source blockchain community that equally compatible with both bitcoin and ethereum that utilizes decentralized mobile applications. the html blockchain hybrid bitcoin and ethereum. utilizes the utxo model blockchain infrastructure but with modifications that make uniquely the html blockchain. the html blockchain platform focuses the practical applications smart contracts. introduces oracle, data feeds, and identity module from third parties fulfill the compliance requirements traditional internet enterprises. also focuses decentralized application development. htmlcoin strives provide great number decentralized applications that can used numerous settings both businesses and individuals. compatible with utxo and ethereum virtual machines (evm) the html blockchain uses the utxo model ensure the consistency transactions and the traceability tokens. allows all smart contracts developed for ethereum also function and operate the html blockchain. furthermore, the uxto model the html blockchain combines the advantages both bitcoin and ethereum, solving the problem bitcoin and ethereum incompatibility. bitcoin and ethereum can simultaneously exist the html blockchain platform. one could say that the html blockchain network allows bitcoin and ethereum "talk each other." htmlcoin white paper consensus proof stake consensus mechanisms are used for the htmlcoin public blockchain. later phase development, plan introduce the "incentive proof stake" (ipos) concept, which will use create incentive reward mechanisms that take the estimation online nodes into consideration. contract ledger the html blockchain, the contract ledger stores all smart contract content readable format. allows users download the code and contracts peer-to-peer network based their own interests. the contract ledger provides transparency, readability, and auditability. elements the contract ledger data feeds data feeds represent the data obtained from off-chain sources (currency exchange rates, gdp, the temperature city, competition results, etc.), which are inputted into the blockchain execute smart contracts decentralized applications. for example, the room temperature were drop degrees celsius, the airconditioner would switch "heating mode." this case, the temperature data from the thermometer can considered data feed, which obtained off-chain (i.e., realworld). oracle the html blockchain, the oracle can represent specific trusted organization, entity, node, public key address. when there are multiple data resources for data input, the oracle selects the most suitable data resource based predefined rule. master contract the ethereum network, only data obtained the blockchain can used trigger execute the smart contract. however, the html blockchain, offchain factors can also the trigger. these are what call "master contracts" and they constitute one the most versatile and user-friendly aspects the html blockchain network. htmlcoin white paper identity module another principal advantage the html blockchain network its identity module. know, financial institutions usually have extensive requirements regarding identity authentication and data security. these requirements often are cumbersome and require users input substantial amounts data. third-party credit bureau that adopted htmlcoin would able grant all htmlcoin users higher priority and faster service because they would have already been authenticated the identity module. pow reward: coins per block difficulty: enhanced hash rate compensation max pow coins: billion security: real time checkpointing pos reward: annual block time: seconds pow/pos block size: networking: hash: double sha code: premine: coin swap/exchange deficit/development fund/ degree tolerance proof: technical specifications upnp/ipv/ipv generate codes for addresses htmlcoin white paper coin features and enhancements: real time checkpointing protects the history the chain from being changed attacks. broadcasts block height and hash the main chain that cannot overwritten. enhanced hash rate compensation. adjusts every blocks with short, medium, and long block time samples average out the adjust, and applies damping the result. hybrid bitcoin/ethereum uses both the bitcoin and ethereum codebase. this combines bitcoin with ethereum virtual machines (evm). smart contracts protocol facilitate, verify, enforce negotiation performance contract. simple payment verification executes smart contracts from lite wallets. decentralized applications window the distributed new htmlcoin network able create smart contracts and other more fully fledged complex evm apps. greatly extends the network's capabilities. account abstraction layer htmlcoin's extension bitcoin's "script" language sits between the blockchain and evm, allowing decentralized applications and smart contracts run environments that were not possible before. htmlcoin white paper how htmlcoin works "what we're building here not just train but entire new railroad, and want sure that the railroad secure, strong, and global." simon telfer, executive vice-president business development and innovation, htmlcoin foundation htmlcoin open source, which thoroughly believe the way forward. provides with the opportunity innovate beyond what anybody has previously considered possible for blockchain. will able build upon the latest and greatest technologies and innovate with restrictions. we, turn, will share our innovations for others build upon and they, turn, will share and share alike, which encourages and promotes endless cycle creation. this the world open source. this our heritage. html blockchain security design the html blockchain platform uses unspent transaction output (utxo) based smart contracts. with utxo-compatible blockchain platform, htmlcoin allows bitcoin developers use wide range developer tools. moreover, highly secure. proof work (pow) proof stake (pos) verify and validate transaction block, bitcoin, ethereum, and many other blockchain platforms use the proof work (pow) consensus model. pow consensus system, the creator new block determined certain mathematical algorithms. the biggest challenge with pow that requires high computing and electrical power. proof stake (pos) newer consensus model that determines the creator new blocks depending the creator's wealth/stake. while there block reward, miners take transaction fees. pos reduces energy consumption while rewarding the miners/forgers with minted coins. ethereum now moving from pow model pos model. htmlcoin uses the pos protocol stay the forefront this innovation. are planning take pos one step ahead with incentive-based protocol called incentive proof stake (ipos). our idea reward forgers for the forging tasks. the htmlcoin platform will moving the ipos protocol shortly and has undergone strict tests before this deployment. these tests include security and coding audits, software functionality testing, potential attack tests, network performance tests, etc. also, htmlcoin supports evms. htmlcoin white paper htmlcoin offers different wallets with varying functionalities. for basic users, offer general wallet that has debugging features, while expert developers and administrators get advanced wallet with expert-level debugging features. the htmlcoin platform uses the standard json-rpc-based api service, which like what used bitcoin core. dapp services developed the platform can accessed through web browser such chrome firefox. html blockchain utility htmlcoin utxo-based smart contract platform that uses pos consensus model. bitcoin also uses utxo-based platform, which means that the htmlcoin platform compatible with all bitcoin tools. chose the platform and further selected pos consensus model for its ability facilitate decentralized app building platform. ensures traceability and consistency blockchain transactions. ethereum, the other hand, uses account-based system wherein the state defined objects called accounts, and account balances are managed the account system. ethereum uses stack-based virtual machines called evms. these -bit evms execute smart contracts that run the ethereum platform. the html blockchain platform based the utxo model, have designed interface that translates the utxo model account-based interface. the htmlcoin evm integration interface facilitates evms work the html blockchain without any changes being made the evms. using this htmlcoin evm integration interface, developers and users can easily work with both bitcoin and ethereum systems. makes htmlcoin hybrid cryptocurrency that can used wide range industries across the globe. htmlcoin white paper htmlcoin codes bitcoin scripting language used for all transactions the html blockchain platform. addition, htmlcoin uses new utility with three new operation codes. op_exec operation code that triggers special process transaction while executing the evm bytecode passed it. traditional blockchain environment, transactions are validated only when the input references the output. however, htmlcoin should accommodate smart contracts that must executed immediately after being merged into the blockchain. so, op_exec op_exec_assign opcodes are used trigger these special processes. when evm executed op_exec op_exec_assign, can change its state the database. the outputs these opcodes are spendable, which prevents the html blockchain from becoming too large. assign funds and/or message contract inputs outputs spend pubkeyhash from wallet output with data and money for contract change output send pubkeyhash wallet address authentication data being sent from pubkeyhash execute evm bytecode, with provided data op_exec_assign coins belonging spending contract htmlcoin white paper op_exec_assign another opcode that gives money smart contract. like op_exec but has different mode. when smart contract deployed the html blockchain, assigned with transaction hash and has zero balance. send coins/currency that contract, you can use the opcode op_exec_assign. the output script would be: the version the gas limit for the transaction gas price htmlcoins xf; data send the contract (usually using the solidity abi) xbbacfbbcbafe; ripemd- hash contract txid op_exec_assign the output value gaslimit will give you the actual value amount given the contract. op_txhash opcode that pushes transaction hash the currently executing transaction. returns value when the transaction hash passed exists the expected contract transaction list and when the transaction hash does not exist the list. htmlcoin platform standard types currently, the html blockchain platform uses two standard transaction types. deploy new contract, the standard script template is: the version the [gas limit] [gas price] [contract evm bytecode] op_exec for existing contracts, the standard script template is: the version the [gas limit] [gas price] [data send the contract] [rip-emd hash contract transaction id] op_exec_assign htmlcoin white paper htmlcoin gas model add turing completeness the blockchain, htmlcoin has imported the gas model from ethereum. the gas concept, every executed evm has price. when transaction happens, certain amount gas spent and the remaining gas refunded the sender. however, gas prices evms differ from ethereum. this because certain operations htmlcoin are more expensive than ethereum, while some operations are cheaper. when creating contract, the gas limit and the price determined htmlcoins. gas refunding done either fully partially. smart contract funding transaction execute evm yes ran out gad create new coinbase output send output value sender, keeping fees for miner done assign funds contract and make spendable contract op_exec_assign coins belonging spending contract yes html gas done create new coinbase output send back sender done htmlcoin white paper market analysis freelance economy the evolving freelance marketplace has captured massive interest the last decade. new terms, such "the digital economy,""the sharing economy,""crowdsourcing," and "freelancers" have come describe this new and unique phenomenon, one which individuals work and get paid without being committed particular employer. freelance marketplaces supply public and private sectors with unique and specialized skills and talent. the us, independent professionals generate trillion per year (about per cent the gdp). the uk, according report published the association independent professionals and the self-employed (ipse), total billion generated freelancers per year. freelance workforce size there are million freelancers the united states today. the workforce will freelancers. million americans are freelancing that's the workforce nearly million million million million source: https://blog.freelancersunion.org////freelancing-in-america-/ htmlcoin white paper the uk, the number freelancers rose from million million with professionals combining employment and freelance work. furthermore, the million self-employed professionals the uk, them work freelancers. report published may the european forum independent professionals (efip) stated that the number independent professionals rose from million million). the report further stated that independent professionals are the fastest growing group the labor market. moreover, studies are finding that millennial graduates regard freelancing highly attractive career option. clearly, the freelance marketplace the rise, and htmlcoin responding. millennial attitudes towards freelancing graduates graduates see freelancing highly attrective career option say independent work offers better work-life balance say freelancing part their career strategy graduates source: http://blog.unify.com///rise-freelance-workforce-new-way-work/ htmlcoin.business providing services the html blockchain for freelancers and talent seekers formed the basis what the htmlcoin foundation considers one its most innovative initiatives: htmlcoin. business have developed htmlcoin.business, interactive platform (running the html blockchain) that designed help unlock the highest potential all people. through our substantial outreach and engagement efforts, have allied global community freelancers, jobseekers, digital companies, and other contributors actively involved helping further develop and enhance our platform. these subscribers are dedicated making htmlcoin.business their preferred platform for worldwide collaboration. htmlcoin white paper our vision for htmlcoin.business the preferred tool for freelancers, businesses, governments, students, and job seekers connect and contribute the strengthening local and world economies. while the htmlcoin foundation has done extensive research regarding the integration the html blockchain into the world-wide freelance economy (as noted our market analysis), and sees integral part the htmlcoin business plan, means the only usage model for htmlcoin.business. htmlcoin.business was built with the ability serve number integration models. below are some the htmlcoin.business initiatives: htmlcoin.business for freelancers the html blockchain platform will serve excellent networking market for freelancers and businesses/companies connect. additionally, through the htmlcoin platform, freelancers will have access training courses that are designed specifically help them develop the skills needed talent seekers (e.g., governments, businesses, organizations, etc.). once they complete htmlcoin training course, freelancers will receive certificate, which will further verified using proof developer (pod), ensuring their suitability undertake various projects. expanding the freelance marketplace should reduce the barriers independent contracting and help talent seekers find suitable candidates for their tasks. the increasing number freelancers across the globe will have greater control over the work they undertake. freelancers will able charge competitive rate for project without having pay large amount money commission third party such recruiter. the htmlcoin platform will enable freelancers develop their own portfolio work and build loyalties with their clients. the platform will also support consistent and reliable feedback, which will help freelancers build their brands and competitively compete the freelance environment. htmlcoin.business for talent seekers the htmlcoin.business platform will provide cost-effective methods for businesses and companies seek talent that challenges traditional methods recruiting (e.g., recruitment agencies), including cheaper and more efficient identification verification processes. the platform will verify all freelancers using pod, and ensure their suitability for undertaking various tasks. with more adaptation to, and adoption of, the freelance industry, businesses and organizations will able benefit from sourcing verified talent across the globe reduced costs, which will save time and allow for greater organizational flexibility and agility. with pod, talent seekers will able hire suitable candidates without the necessity running background checks and validating right-to-work documents. candidates will verified and classified the html blockchain, ensuring regulated contracts based reliable data. htmlcoin white paper htmlcoin.business for e-learners one the preeminent components htmlcoin.business its e-learning platform, which not only provides education for all, but directly addresses accessibility challenges providing opportunities for minorities and vulnerable groups. have developed flexible learning environment and curriculum that makes possible for all our students learn new skills, such web development, programming, online marketing. mastery these skills will enable our students enter the market and offer their services competitive rates. provide learning certifications for our students. each certification will registered the blockchain making authentic, traceable, and impossible falsify. the digital foundation our e-learning platform's architecture allows scale our learning programs train hundreds and even thousands participants. this gives clear advantage over some our brick and mortar competitors htmlcoin.business for businesses with the rise the internet and internet marketing recent years, many companies have found themselves missing opportunities grow and achieve their financial goals. one the main reasons for this stems from lack understanding how successfully use online marketing tools achieve effective online presence and grow customer base. consequently, companies are losing sales competitors that are utilizing online tools, such fast lead generators. htmlcoin.business will put local businesses back the game providing them with their own tailor-made lead generators that they can compete with, and eventually surpass, the competition. want help these companies unlock the power the internet simple and cost-effective manner. each business has unique profile page (micro-website) which they can advertise their products and services potential customers. these micro-sites are highly optimized for greater visibility all search engines. one the most important aspects our htmlcoin.business platform its adoption google and web high-tech applications such as: htmlcoin white paper street view standard integrated into the platform for all participants video and hyperlapses routes optional digital tour through the store (bv google tour dash) optional augmented reality applications shopping the online webshop htmlcoin.business for students our e-learning students will have free access the platform's digital tools, which are extremely expensive other platforms and often simply unaffordable for many. why this? believe that everyone, regardless their economic means, should have the opportunity participate and succeed every step the online initiatives underlined our program. want all our students not only gain valuable experience from our program, but enjoy themselves well. our aim help people succeed and achieve their goals through the use htmlcoin.business. our most comprehensive services and e-learning modules include: online seo cost savings marketing tools video marketing time savings for article marketing content marketing and promotion these services allow each our students contribute socially responsible ecosystem where organizations and individuals work together partnership with htmlcoin.business improve their local economies. htmlcoin.business for local governments: our goal have job-training projects coordinated local governments around the world, they can intercede behalf both students and businesses, creating social innovation ecosystem and co-partnership between all parties. this relationship will benefit all concerned and help bolster local economies. htmlcoin.business wants help make blockchain technology easy use and available all. our efforts htmlcoin and htmlcoin.business are already actively engaged with large companies, venture capital firms, and local governments. key part our marketing strategy htmlcoin white paper initiate media campaign that announces these partnerships. this will win-win scenario for all and will further show progressive movement the industry establish our position "name brand." early, positive feedback from governments indicates keen interest our platform practical, cost-reductive way integrate individuals and vulnerable groups into local markets. htmlcoin developers are working very hard develop range innovative applications distinguish the htmlcoin.business platform. one such application set service directories for businesses that facilitates self-discovery targeted skills, offerings, and capabilities. who are our clients? freelancers: freelancers represent person, group people, organization willing provide service the htmlcoin.business platform. for instance, freelancers can one our e-learning students; consultant; company providing online services, such digital, search engine optimization (seo), and marketing; individual providing professional online business services. businesses: businesses represent person, group people, organization willing provide services the html.business platform and/or use consume the services provided freelancer. governments: governments represent any local, municipal, state, provincial, nationwide governing authority that using htmlcoin.business, either partnership with local business their own accord, help improve its administrative procedures and, ultimately, its economy. what our value proposition? connect freelancers with businesses through the context digital, seo, and marketing services. streamline the process that freelancers, jobseekers, digital companies (seo, marketing companies, etc.) use broadcast their capabilities and provide their services. provide e-learning platform, focusing outreach minority and other vulnerable groups people that enable them learn new skills, such web development, programming, online marketing, they can re-enter enter the market provide their services. offer services businesses competitive prices that allow them realize more revenue applying strategic, online marketing techniques. htmlcoin white paper provide decentralized storage platform freelancers and businesses. provide service directories for businesses through our htmlcoin.business platform. offer payment method between freelancers and businesses. offer indisputable ledger achieved skillsets and credentials for community participants. occasion, co-sponsor projects that represent humanitarian cause and enable the re-insertion vulnerable groups people back into the workforce. what are our resources? our team composed web developers/programmers and online marketers with extensive experience different markets. the htmlcoin foundation the backbone htmlcoin and aims assembling all stakeholders together, such potential partners, freelancers, businesses, cryptocurrency experts, etc. what are our key activities and short-term goals? develop and launch e-learning platform through htmlcoin.business. develop and launch freelance platform (website ios/android mobile application). list htmlcoin new exchanges. promote htmlcoin the public, freelancers, businesses, and governments. enhance coin technology (e.g., apis creation). who are our key partners? our customers are our key partners the sense that they will integral spreading the word about htmlcoin and welcoming new freelancers and businesses into the htmlcoin family. htmlcoin aims develop close relationships with credit card companies explore possible modes enabling people buy htmlcoin directly through our platform, htmlcoin. business, working closely with third-party services that enable users exchange fiat currency for cryptocurrency (as this ever-evolving area law, htmlcoin currently exploring all legal ramifications such service and will only continue investment this area there clear path forward that complies with all applicable laws). htmlcoin white paper platform exchanges are key partners they provide secondary market for people acquire htmlcoins. htmlcoin ambassadors will approach and encourage local governments, organizations, companies, career counsellors, rehabilitation centers, and other organizations join the platform. what channels use deliver our value proposition? the htmlcoin.business website and its mobile applications (ios and android) will the platform that will enable freelancers learn new skills, obtain certifications, and provide their services. what our cost structure? hosting represents monthly fixed cost for htmlcoin. rewards will attributed coins the core team pro rata their contribution. the exact amount and calculation defined the executive committee. listing the coin various exchanges represents consequent cost for htmlcoin. eventually, the remaining cost will primarily marketing and business/freelance acquisition costs. what are our revenue streams? transaction fee will deducted from each transaction between htmlcoin.business platform users. why use "html" our brand identity? many pages the internet are written language called hypertext markup language (html). html one the most famous markup languages for creating web pages and web applications. the name "htmlcoin" meant honor and evoke the legacy this markup language symbol what are willing achieve: open business model accessible all who master the "syntax" participating the digital economy. htmlcoin white paper compliance the cryptocurrency and blockchain tech space, its nascent stage, presents more questions than answers when comes regulatory compliance. for this reason, htmlcoin employs the approach erring the side caution. illinois entity, htmlcoin and its affiliates strictly adhere well-established corporate law and business principles, addition keeping close watch the evolving legal landscape cryptocurrency regulation. software and platform provider, htmlcoin not engaged any the financial quasi-financial activities that would require suggest future requirements u.s. state federal international financial regulation. additionally, htmlcoin has not and will not raise funds using initial coin offering (ico) other source public investment. the body regulatory requirements the cryptocurrency and blockchain tech space grows, htmlcoin will continue operate with the highest legal and ethical standards, setting the bar for the industry. addition internal compliance, htmlcoin and htmlcoin.business demand strict adherence all applicable laws and ethical standards its partners, the htmlcoin community, and the users all htmlcoin and htmlcoin.business platforms. inclusion htmlcoin's commitment inclusion means we, the platform provider, commit providing equal opportunity and service everyone, regardless ability/disability, race, age, sex, gender, sexual orientation, color, national origin, religion, socio-economic status, other protected class. htmlcoin holds its partners and the users the htmlcoin and htmlcoin. business platforms the same high standards for diversity and inclusion. htmlcoin white paper roadmap and projects (the -year htmlcoin business plan coin release (implementation: coin release date) htmlcoin white paper coin infrastructure (implementation: months after release) htmlcoin white paper documentation months after release) htmlcoin white paper ongoing projects (implementation: years after release) htmlcoin white paper educational technology (implementation: years after release) htmlcoin white paper coin ecosystem (implementation: years after release) htmlcoin white paper html blockchain application (implementation: years after release) htmlcoin white paper governance the html blockchain the htmlcoin foundation the htmlcoin foundation non-profit organization established chicago september the purpose the foundation continue develop the html blockchain through the use transparent governance, and promote the philosophies and values the open source community which owes much. strong governance, self-regulation, and demonstrable controls lie the core the growing blockchain industry. order avoid the inconsistency transactions activities that are contrary the design concept the html blockchain, the foundation committed developing robust governance structure that will provide customers and users html blockchain services the oversight and general assurances necessary ensure their activities operate safely and securely. governance structure the design the foundation's governance will based sustainability, management, quality leadership, and maintaining strong financial basis for the projects the open source community. the foundation's judgment committee currently comprised the chief executive, coin founder, executive vice-presidents, and counsel. they will make operational decisions all important matters and hold the authority delegate committee activities affiliated subordinate groups. the ultimate management and financial decision-making authority the foundation vested solely the chief executive, with advice and counsel from the foundation board, judgment committee, and any other appropriate advisors. all matters, the chief executive, his her sole discretion, holds the ultimate authority override, reverse, veto any decisions the functional committees. the foundation consists technology leaders, developers, and functional committees. the structure will include: judgment committee. the judgment committee responsible for appointing dismissing the leaders each functional committee, making important decisions, holding emergency meetings, etc. application committee. when the underlying html blockchain infrastructure fully developed, the application committee will select suitable applicants both commercialand community-use cases implement services the html blockchain. this will include due consideration the purpose, ethics, and contribution the htmlcoin philosophy. htmlcoin white paper code review committee. the code review committee made members htmlcoin's technology leadership and core development team, who are responsible for the underlying development, api, product development, network resilience, etc. developers will hold weekly meetings track project status, discuss issues, and establish priorities. finance and human resource committee. the finance and human resource committee responsible for the project financial monitoring, developer compensation, operation expenses, monitoring, recruitment, talent management, performance review, staff onboarding and off-boarding, and management the foundation's investments. marketing and public relations committee. the marketing and public relations committee shall serve the global htmlcoin community and promote technology, products, and open source projects. addition, the committee shall make public announcements and participate the growing dialogue between industry groups, regulators, and national governments. risk management, assessment, and decision making order develop and refine the risk management system, the foundation requires annual sustainability assessment the html blockchain. the assessment covers project quality, progress, and application; for example, smart contract and simple contract implementations, threat identification analysis, internal control analysis, and risk identification and treatment. the foundation categorizes incidents according factors, such the severity and scope the impact, the likelihood occurrence, and the impact the stability the html blockchain economy. for any high priority incidents, which include business and code-related events, the relevant committee required make decisions timely manner, with response proportional the nature the incident. regarding all business matters and business decisions, meetings are held the members the foundation. decisions are made the finance and human resource committee, which, its discretion, may request opinion from the judgment committee especially difficult questions decisions especially broad scope. for code-related events the open source community and the use funding, the decisionmaking process usually done via voting. htmlcoin white paper the foundation will use voting mechanisms avoid disputes. however, where legitimate disputes arise, the case emergency events and events especially broad scope (e.g., events affecting the entire community), the judgment committee will use bypass system make decisions, weighing prior voting results when available, without prior voting results the case emergency event. financial management the foundation the financial management the foundation includes daily financial management and digital asset management. day-to-day financial management decision-making authority vested the finance and human resource committee, with advice and counsel from the judgment committee, the foundation board, and any other appropriate advisors. the financial operational budget may include developers' travel expenses, staff salaries, office expenses, daily operational expenses, etc. the discretion the judgment committee, the financial decision-making authority may delegated, assigned, re-assigned divested any appropriate party, outsourced professional financial management entity. any such delegation, assignment, re-assignment, divestiture can freely revoked the discretion the judgment committee. digital assets within the foundation and developer fund are managed the judgment committee other authorized personnel, with final decision-making override authority vested the chief executive, including wallet management, transferred digital assets, other digital currencies switches, digital currency withdrawals, etc. swapped coins swapped process team costs dev fund foundation fund htmlcoin white paper htmlcoin history htmlcoin was conceptualized and founded amando boncales, doctoral student instructional technology northern illinois university. boncales often says that was driven find something pass the time during what turned out one the coldest and snowiest winters record the great lakes region that year. but realistically, was driven much more than that. was and bitcoin and other alt coins the crypto world were beginning firmly establish themselves more than just fads. boncales saw the potential cryptocurrencies, but even more so, saw the potential the blockchain technology that all cryptocurrencies are built upon and networked on. believes that the blockchain the technology tomorrow and harbors important key improving humanity's future. admittedly, this somewhat bold statement, but boncales does not shy away from it. htmlcoin was inspired his vision and belief that technology that focuses serving and helping people can, and will, make difference. officially released htmlcoin march the date was purposely selected because the significance the number and the belief, many asian cultures, that the number symbolizes infinity and boundless possibilities. boncales liked the karma and cultural association the number and felt was imperative start coin intended for all people date that held importance group people. his immediate inspiration for htmlcoin was create coin that had more security than bitcoin; one that, among other features, would shield businesses and individuals from chargebacks and non-reputable drop shippers. but also wanted harness the massive potential the blockchain. wanted beyond creating coin that just served form payment. wanted grow communication tool, technological tool, and educational tool. wanted build coin that possessed the abilities bring people together and help improve their everyday lives. since boncales has firmly established htmlcoin the crypto world. has also given birth vibrant community that has embraced htmlcoin and who share his vision for its future growth into the mainstream. htmlcoin was born out boncales' conviction and passion that one man, one community, and one coin, can make difference. htmlcoin white paper htmlcoin today htmlcoin not ico. was established and has been actively trading exchanges since its inception. this white paper and the fall htmlcoin coin swap represent the next stage htmlcoin's development and growth. signify this important stage, new logo has been developed; one that pays respect the committed community that gave birth the coin and continues support and develop through these next key developmental stages. mottos the latin motto that reads "fortes fortuna adiuvat," which translates "fortune favors the bold" represents the daring nature fellow htmlcoiners that supported our community and the coin since its beginnings march the smaller english motto reads "in blockchain trust," which word play the motto "in god trust" found currency. meant signify htmlcoin's utilization many applications blockchain technology, including smart contracts, account abstraction layer, and decentralized applications, name just few the many features that have been added the htmlcoin community the community developers and htmlcoiners who participated the special htmlcoin world meeting june where the next phase development htmlcoin was discussed and agreed upon, are represented the edge the inner circle the coin image. important places and countries htmlcoin history are also included the logo. htmlcoin about community, and the logo was developed, paying respect community contributors including them the logo. htmlcoin large, and growing ever larger, global community striving push blockchain its limits help, assist, and aid others better everyone's daily lives. ceo amando boncales constantly refers the htmlcoin community "family," and the community responding positively behaving such. htmlcoin white paper the htmlcoin foundation order support the htmlcoin and its ever-growing community, boncales created the htmlcoin foundation. serves the coordinating body the htmlcoin community, providing educational, social, and technical support its members and htmlcoin users. the htmlcoin foundation based chicago and supports the software which enables the html blockchain platform grow eco-system for others build their advanced smart contract and distributed application services on. the htmlcoin foundation acts aggregator for capabilities, which may include technology, such api's, template solutions, and re-use shared assets via https:// github.com/htmlcoin/html. the htmlcoin foundation will support companies, startups, and public-sector bodies that use the html blockchain providing access re-usable assets. this might include training material, re-usable project templates, and example business cases. the htmlcoin foundation will support and represent the needs and views the global htmlcoin community. the htmlcoin community commits their resources the network through staking, mining, and other activities, which ultimately provides resilience and strength the network. the htmlcoin foundation provides window into the projects and services running the platform while ensuring controls are place help the network remain robust and secure. the htmlcoin foundation has direct competition the html blockchain, but similar organizations support their own smart contract offers other blockchains, including ethereum, waves, neo, qtum, nem, iota, lisk, ark, and augur. the htmlcoin foundation will provide consistently high quality blockchain capabilities through: setting high professional standards and self-regulation. participating and encouraging cross-industry collaboration. respecting users, the global community, and all stakeholders the html blockchain economy. htmlcoin white paper htmlcoin foundation community the foundation made the ceo (boncales), the executive vice-presidents, the directors, and all the supporting foundation members, from legal counsel through the foundation's graphic artists. the philosophy behind the foundation create community that will develop, enhance, support, and promote htmlcoin with shared sense pride and purpose. essentially, the htmlcoin foundation like family. creating sense family has always been one boncales' overarching visions for htmlcoin. the coin continues evolve, too does its support and sense family amongst its foundation members. mind you, this not all that surprising given that boncales was careful recruit individuals who not only had the appropriate expertise, but who also shared his belief the importance community and family. every member the foundation proud the role they serve and excited part the foundation they work together bring htmlcoin the masses. but beyond that, there shared belief amongst all members open the doors the foundation everyone. all ideas, philosophies, and people are welcome. growth, development, and inclusion are important elements the foundation boncales could have simply called the foundation the htmlcoin team, but developed the foundation because wanted create htmlcoin community and family. after all, closeknit family often more committed and stronger than any team. htmlcoin foundation executive members: amando boncales ba, grad. cert. distance ed., grad. cert. museum, ed, ma, phdc. chief executive officer and founder believe our common aspirations, goals, and experiences will guide the movement and advancement 'decentralized technology' the blockchain environment. blockchain evangelist, goal deliver, through htmlcoin, innovative distributed ledger-based products, services, and educational opportunities." education doctoral candidate instructional technology, may northern illinois university. m.a. history (us foreign policy southeast asia), may northern illinois, university. m.s.ed instructional technology, december northern illinois university. graduate certificate museum studies, december northern illinois university. b.a. history, mindanao state university-iligan institute technology, philippines. htmlcoin white paper boncales previously worked for the american college chest physicians where developed and implemented online technologies and courses for medical professionals. also has extensive experience building online materials for the adult and higher education sectors. boncales also google certified online professional for google education. boncales' research and interests are the areas "cryptocurrency community practice," digital currency users community learners, sharing technical skills with others, and facilitating the exchange ideas. interested using the theory "diffusion innovation" adapt new technology help facilitate the adoption digital currency medium exchange that easy for new users learn and embrace. boncales also passionate about education and regards the blockchain the next great vehicle expand and grow educational opportunities for all. arjen breedt executive vice-president investor and community development arjen has worked the lead generation industry for years and experienced developing strategies for lead generation and marketing. expert developing tools and strategies connect companies and governments order boost, develop, and benefit local economies. influencer and advocate for corporate social responsibility. strategic advisor, online competition analyst, innovator, web developer, and seo expert. arturo morales bsc executive vice-president marketing and sales arturo experienced marketing and fundraising for non-profit organizations. has extensive experience search engine optimization (seo), business coaching, public speaking, management, and leadership. also skilled social marketing campaign specialist and internet marketing consultant. specializes developing insightful and thorough recommendations improve technical design for both on-page and off-page web enhancements. added his skills are strong accounting background and bachelor's science sociology from brigham young university. zac smith bit, mscsia executive-vice president educational technology zac strong research professional with bachelor's degree focused information and communication technology from new mexico state university and master's science cybersecurity and information assurance from western governors university. researcher with demonstrated history working the market research industry. highly proficient windows, linux, technical education development, ruby rails, data science, web and mobile app development, java ee, and web/software vulnerability testing. htmlcoin white paper simon telfer- besc executive vice-president business development and innovation simon director and technology evangelist with more than years experience. his motto has always been, "keep simple." his experience includes pre-sales and solution leadership major outsourcing pursuit activities, construction service responses, propositions, and go-to market capabilities across multiple channels. brings the foundation extensive skills leadership complex programs and outcome based outsourcing portfolios using application, infrastructure and bpo capabilities. also skilled commercial management, pragmatic resolution issues, and business case delivery. rey executive vice-president research and publications rey has worked consultant, planning strategist, and program administrator for influential internationally based technology companies. brings years experience project management, resource and organizational development, economic development, and environmental and sustainable development the foundation. also active advocate for human rights, social justice, and peace. julia ezeji associate executive vice-president marketing julia studied computer science and has applied those skills become experienced online and offline marketing. she has developed many social media campaigns and master with customer care relationships. having dealt with many varying situations that arise the online marketing world, she has developed keen negotiation skills and regarded highly for her ability resolve complex situations the equal benefit all parties concerned. htmlcoin white paper cole garrett esq., bsme, ip.cert, psm senior executive legal counsel cole illinois-licensed attorney and mechanical engineer. experienced policy and compliance adviser who skilled navigating complex contracts and regulatory frameworks. professional scrum master (psm with proficiency the application lean six sigma and agile methodologies both engineering and legal collaborative environments. also considers himself blockchain, cryptography, and cybersecurity geek the core. his role legal counsel the htmlcoin foundation, dedicated upholding the absolute integrity the organization. serves the foundation board, the executive team, and, ultimately, the htmlcoin community large analyzing and evaluating legal risk and demanding rigorous legal compliance the crypto domain. blockchain evangelist and member the legal community, works preserve htmlcoin and its partners' reputations ethical and principled entities. citations: "number independent workers the u.s. continues steady climb, according mbo partners' annual state independence report." mbo partners, jun. https://www.mbopartners.com/press-releases/mbo-partners-th-annual-state-of-independence-report jenkins, kayte. "exploring the freelance workforce the association independent professionals and the self employed (ipse), feb. https://www.ipse.co.uk/sites/default/files/documents/research/exploring_the_uk_freelance_workforce_in__v.pdf rashid, brian. "the rise the freelancer economy." leadership, forbes, jan. https://www.forbes.com/sites/brianrashid////the-rise-of-the-freelancer-economy/#dbdf https://www. forbes.com/sites/brianrashid////the-rise-of-the-freelancer-economy/#dbdf leighton, patricia. "future working: the rise europe's independent professionals (ipros)." european forum independent professionals (efip), http://www.efip.org/sites/default/files/future_working_full_report.pdf htmlcoin white paper white paper authors and contributors: amando boncales ba, grad. cert. distance ed., grad. cert. museum, ed, ma, phdc chief executive officer, fellow htmlcoin foundation rich chambers ba, director publications, htmlcoin foundation simon telfer besc executive vice-president business development and innovation, htmlcoin foundation cole garrett esq., bsme, ip.cert, psm senior executive legal counsel, htmlcoin foundation arjen breedt executive vice-president investor and community development, htmlcoin foundation arturo morales bsc vice-president marketing, htmlcoin foundation zac smith bit, mscsia executive vice-president educational technology, fellow htmlcoin foundation htmlcoin white paper