the hubii network blockchain-based decentralised content marketplace jacobo toll-messia, jacobo@hubii.com jens ivar jordre, jensivar@hubii.com mark briscombe, mark@hubii.com david schlesinger, das@tripodadvisors.com oyvind pedersen jr, oyvind@hubii.com september contents preface introduction current status the industry players and their pain points content creators emerging content distributors content consumers new trends hubii network two sided marketplace dynamics business model guiding principles digital rights management use cases content production amplifying content reach fake news detection tipping smart crowdfunding road map feedback from within the industry storage removing exchange rate risk verification content rights hubii smart contracts protecting intellectual property rapid consensus de-verifying content 'fake news' illegal content vulnerability sybil attack transparency key team members token launch minimum target eth volatility exchange rate tokens generated launch date and time contract address gas limit refunds sale timing hubiit faqs what hubiit? will there any future hubiit token sales? what currencies will accepted purchase hubiits? why does the hubii network need native token? why are confident hubii can change the industry? how will hubii hold the funds collected? what safeguards are place ensure the contract correct? will hubiits transferrable? how ambitious are we? philosophy budget allocation afterword appendix volatility hubiits abstract are consuming more content than ever; billion people read the news, listen music podcasts and watch videos and movies online every day. supply and demand content constantly growing, however the fundamental dynamics the media industry are sub-optimal and paradigm shift required. writers, musicians, movie-makers and producers should able find and reward each other without the need for intermediary (i.e. media company), other than the platform upon which article video published. hubii network blockchain-based decentralised content marketplace that facilitates transactions between creators, distributors and consumers leveraging the power smart contracts kickstarting this marketplace hubii's existing distribution network reaching out over million people. replacing the middlemen with efficient infrastructure, content creators earn more, distributors pay less and consumers have more choices. smart contracts and 'smart crowdfunding', all using our native cryptocurrency, hubiits, will shape the content industry the future. ethereum whitepaper preface hubii norwegian startup with headquarters bergen and subsidiaries the usa and singapore. have received international recognition, location-based news aggregator and established global partnerships with leading companies across the world, hubii has been working between content creators and distributors (telecom operators, oems, and app developers), facilitating the development their own products using hubii's engine. this has allowed hubii build distribution network reaching out users every day. have publishers and syndication partners around the globe. hubii's team has been interacting with blockchains since mid-, but now have the right business model and technology aggressively deliver our ambitions. this year, hubii's team committed building blockchain-based decentralised content marketplace (specifically ethereum-based), extending our content offering from text include still images, audio and video. red herring red herring mozilla blog panasonic blog introduction the number internet users will exceed .bn and forecast grow steady per year this growth mirrored the amount time spent online per user, which growing while the growing market means ever greater demand and reach for content, becoming all the more difficult for content creators maintain control over their creative works and keep fair share the revenue generated. another topical challenge the concept 'fake news' and the need determine the provenance content. the whole media industry broken and blockchain technology will help fix it. the media industry whole will pick over trillion and hubii's firm belief that the inefficiencies the market and industry can solved through the use blockchain technology and the application smart contracts. figure pwc's global entertainment media outlook revenue forecast hubii's mission create new leading ethereum-based decentralised content marketplace where creators and rightsholders can meet distribution networks and reach content buyers directly, all while having total confidence maintaining the integrity their rights through the use smart contracts. emarketer, april internet world stats gsma intelligence pwc's global entertainment media outlook only proven media partner with existing relationships can the job and thus building our knowledge and connections the past five years, introduce hubii network. current status the industry the current status the content industry can analysed from many different angles. here shed more light this. players and their pain points the three main actors the value chain, creators, distributors and consumers, suffer from different pain points. content creators content creators face the following issues they often not get sufficiently rewarded for their work and their compensation not related the revenue generated. they lose control their works once their content published. separate engagements with multiple distributors add complexity their sale process. there lack data driven tools giving them insights into the consumer's interactions with their content. emerging content distributors emerging content distributors such phone manufacturers, telecom operators and app developers, are embedding themselves trusted content providers offering services their users. this strategy allowing them leverage their large user base and offer value-added services engaging the users for longer periods time and consequently monetising them. they are, however, suffering the following pain points they have pay hefty fees variety middlemen get hold content. this means they operate small margins and this often pushes them acquire lower quality content. emerging distributors, they not have strong well-formed content strategies. their content usually second-hand non-premium. they require combination international and local content due their user base. content consumers content consumers suffer from the following problems users are hit with constant wave content where difficult separate signal from noise. they have use multiple platforms get hold different types content. the content quality below the desired standard. they are exposed hundreds ads day. new trends the developing world rapidly growing and thirsty for content; thailand with million inhabitants, philippines with million, myanmar with million, malaysia with million and indonesia with million inhabitants are examples large markets that are coming online which will not follow the technology adoption path most western countries. furthermore, they are reshaping how content consumption takes place. hubii's existing relationships the developing world are extensive, giving insight and platform ripe for leverage. from content point view, are seeing explosion the numbers contentcreating smartphone apps entering the market, across range areas such entertainment, education, communication and utility. within years, the adult world will have smartphone. new business models have been opened the internet, and have seen surge the number value-added apps and services for smartphones and web. result, these new players have the opportunity amplify the content reach and offer services across range basic handsets, effectively catering the needs all their subscribers. brands need develop content which device-agnostic, thereby maximising the number customers being targeted. this approach particularly effective when combined with localised content, tailored specifically particular geographic regions sets users. there need and space for player that willing ease the existing pain points hereby presented, building the solution around content creators and rightholders; empowering journalists, musicians and movie makers with the ability reach out millions users frictionless manner and monetise their works. gsma intelligence hubii network hubii network ethereum-based decentralised content marketplace where the production, distribution and consumption content re-shaped leveraging the mechanisms that ethereum offers. hubii network shall apply market structure nurturing and managing perfect competition thrive. other words, market should free monopoly and controlled individual participants. the trustless nature cryptocurrency will allow all parties make exchange without the oversight intermediation third party. this will reduce even eliminate counterparty risk. the objective establish healthy ecosystem whereby creators can define their rules engagement, distributors get access constant pool content and consumers ultimately get hold the content they desire. making use smart contracts and smart properties will allow hubii network fix the pain points the industry and, furthermore, apply mechanisms never seen before the market. all this will delivered whilst having full transparency, accountability and security over the transactions using our own cryptocurrency, hubiits (hubs). the long term goal for the entire hubii network open source and decentralised nature. two sided marketplace dynamics will utilise cross-side network effects our marketplace. the value for content creator joining hubii network function the number distributors and consumers that are present. similarly, for distributors and consumers, the value related the number content creators publishing their work within hubii network. hubii has proven experience building this type market already. demand liquidity the single biggest challenge any cross-side network effect platform, creating chicken egg problem; band would not willing distribute their songs through the platform there are not enough distributors/consumers it. our where all firms sell identical product, all firms are price takers, all firms have relatively small market share, buyers have complete information about the product being sold and the prices charged each firm and the industry characterized freedom entry and exit. our fully featured erc token case that issue already solved thanks our existing distribution pipeline. already have large set distribution partners, reaching out over million daily users, currently supplying content from hubii. believe this strength, together with the introduction hubiits and heavy use smart contracts secure the monetary transactions and rights, will act incentive attract content producers. furthermore, have the possibility enable distribution partnerships that could reach out over million people daily. therefore, the supply content increases the marketplace could amplify its reach extremely rapidly. the go-to-market strategy will require the motivation both creators and distributors, using different approaches. will expand our distribution network, signing exclusive deals with distributors specific regions for period time return for minimum investment commitment. the distributor must purchase content from the hubii network and promote within that region. the hubii network will leverage the existing hubii business. this product has helped connect content creators and distributors already. the aim always maximise revenue and enhance content consumption accelerate wide adoption and integration hubii network will foster openness our platform providing restful api's the community developers. equally will integrate with the best suppliers various different decentralised technologies such e-wallets and decentralised storage solutions; not see value reinventing the wheel; want begin change the world the platform level first. business model guiding principles hubii network will replace number middleman this industry and charge small commission the distributors. intend for this high volume, low margin market, which will make the content industry whole much more efficient. distributors and ultimately customers will pay less for content, yet the flip side content makers will get paid more. hubii will also have the potential generate revenue through provision liquidity for eliminating exchange rate risk discussed later. within our existing portfolio distribution partners encounter small number them who mainly want low-quality and commodity content and have policy not paying for content acquisition. these cases might apply server-side stitching and dai monetise the content being distributed. digital rights management any marketplace will only successful all sides can trust each other; the buyer has know content rights are verified and the creator that content will not pirated redistributed without consent. order protect the rights drm can applied, when necessary, relevant audio and video content. thus, distribution endpoints can only connected validated clients. various patented drm schemes are available hubii network through our partners, which support this level security and trust. essential feature the technology that can query the state the content; verified disputed. other words, disputed content can blocked any point the value chain. hubii network's content storage, distribution, encryption and acquisition processes will mpaa certified and server-side monetisation will based various existing drm schemes. every device the chain would validated client, consumption patterns and related transactions can tracked and fed back the content creators. this data can high value the creator and therefore added the contract requirement. since everything the distribution chain based encryption high degree trust can accomplished. order address potential privacy issues each party seller, buyer, advertiser can anonymise it's data while maintaining transaction integrity. drm will not applied all content. drm can expensive and not always useful. vlogs and podcasts, for example, have little need for drm and could even harm their distribution. dynamic insertion digital rights management mpaa content protection use cases with the intention provide tangible examples how hubii network will re-shape content production, distribution and consumption have included set use cases. please note that the intention describe, from high level perspective, how the main workflow the use case would take place and the use smart properties and smart contracts affect it. content production this use case applicable text, audio and video. for the purpose this example will apply audio. alice, content creator, decides publish her latest podcast within hubii network. that time alice establishes the smart contract for the podcast indicating when the podcast played 'x' number times she will get paid 'y' hubiits. bob, upon accepting the rules indicated within the smart contract, decides distribute the podcast through his network. thus, the podcast being played, when reaches 'x' number plays, 'y' hubiits will paid alice. note that the content creator can track rights and usage data real time global scale each time file accessed, and get paid instantly based the rules she has established within the smart contract. this will require the use oracles get real world data into the smart contracts. amplifying content reach this use case applicable text, audio and video. for the purpose this example will apply text. journalist, alice, decides publish high quality article within hubii network. while defining the smart contract, alice establishes that they will share 'x' percentage the earnings for every 'y' reads produced influencers distributing her article through their social channels. social influencer, bob, upon accepting the smart contract conditions, redistributes the news article through his thousands followers different social media channels. oracle third party service which can used get real-world data into smart contracts once the article shared through the social media channels read 'y' number times, 'x' percent the earnings will automatically paid bob. again, this will require use oracles. important note that both examples the monetary transaction based rules that are decided the content creator and stored within the blockchain, are transparent both parties and not require mediator. possible for the hubii network take contract arbitration role there requirement. assume smart contract where creator could request payment from distributors (locked up) funds for every impressions; using -of- multisig model could allow hubii step neutral observer process cancel that transaction creator and distributor were disagree there was question over oracle data. this would entail slightly higher commission for hubii network. fake news detection this use case applicable text, audio and video. for the purpose this example will apply text. journalist, alice, publishes article within hubii network and would like the facts verified the community minimise the risk being labelled 'fake news'. thus, publishing time, alice requests verification set facts within the article. this verification crowdsourced from within the community. according the rules the smart contract, 'x' percent the earnings the article will shared among the verifiers. tipping this use case applicable text, audio and video. for the purpose this example will apply music. consumer, alice, while listening song from her favorite band, bob and the doges decides that she would like tip the band for their work. alice can directly tip 'x' number hubiits the band for that song. this could enabled within the hubii network distributor platform. popular band comprising shiba inus smart crowdfunding this use case applicable text, audio and video. this case will show two examples; one for music and one for movie making. example movie director, alice, seeking funding for her next hollywood blockbuster. she decides announce smart crowdfunding hubii network whereby they are seeking 'x' number hubiits exchange for 'y' percent the future earnings which will proportionally split among the 'z' backers the movie. furthermore, backers the project might have access the premiere via hubii network. example bob and the doges, the band, are seeking funding for their next summer tour. they announce smart crowdfunding hubii network whereby would like raise 'x' number hubiits exchange for 'y' percent the revenue obtained through the tour (tickets and merchandising). furthermore, backers the project will have discount should they attend the concert will able virtually attend concert which will streamed live via the hubii network. road map hubii envisions major releases through our roadmap across period months covering text, still images, audio and video. the following roadmap describes timeline which will met given raise fairly ambitious through our token sale. not raise this amount then the roadmap will not change, but timing will much more reliant further traditional investment. there will further token sales token releases; required, shall seek conventional venture capital. have determined that our scaling plans fit with the general scaling plans the ethereum network. the worst case, clever use payment channels will reduce our load the network and also reduce fees. this roadmap comprises technical development together with business development intend keep growing our distribution partnerships while the development the platform takes place. figure road map eta, end digital wallet will implemented within the hubii network. transparency dashboard; all parties involved hubii network can see the development the main kpi's affecting the performance the business and the hubiits cryptocurrency. creator and distributor dashboard for content ingestion, distribution and configuration the smart contracts. sdk for distribution partners. textual content ingestion and distribution within the blockchain supporting set main smart contract use cases. deploy pilot south east asia and brazil for month to, approximately users. upon successful pilot, shall deploy world-wide. eta, end release market analytics tools; forecasting and audience matching supported machine learning and image recognition algorithms. integrate with vod streaming platforms for ingestion and distribution and run pilot tests. integrate with music streaming services for ingestion and distribution run pilot tests. image ingestion and distribution through the blockchain supporting smart contract use cases. smart crowdfunding; apply crowdfunding smart contracts for music/movie artists and journalists where backers can obtain return their investment based the smart contract rules. smart contracts manage exchange rate risk eta, end audio ingestion and distribution within the blockchain; main smart contract use cases are implemented. deliver audio (music and podcasts) via distribution channels music streaming services. paid crowdsourced content curation eta, end video ingestion and distribution. deliver video via distribution channels and vod platforms. server-side ad-stitching technology for video and audio deliver ar, and e-sports content through distribution fixed plans, dependent upon funding deprecation our erc token; all owners erc tokens would retain the same fraction the new replacement cryptocurrency. this might necessary fully decentralise some unique features the platform. however, also critical that this not done before the mechanisms have been fully optimised. fog computing; depending the performance and latency obtained using the blockchain will perform r&d implement fog computing solution improve system response time, minimise network and internet latency and reduce amounts data sent. feedback from within the industry this some the feedback have obtained from within the industry; the media industry turmoil, with traditional relationships between creators and distributors broken and standard measures value unreliable. blockchain, disintermediating gatekeeper companies, can redefine the industry for the century, put control the hands makers and users, and allow true marketplace establish value. david schlesinger, former editor-in-chief, reuters telenor aspire our customers' favourite partner digital life. through engaging products and services, such wowbox, telenor's lifestyle app, deliver this ambition and give people the full benefit being connected. wowbox has reached more than million users our asian markets and hubii has been integral part making the success that today, reaching out our large user base with their global content distribution network. the team hubii has been important creating value for our wowbox customers building solutions that make content distribution more effective and provide high value content. wish them great success also the future. our view that the team hubii really understands how scale solutions global level and make content distribution more effective. their help has been really valuable for telenor and wish them great success also the future. bjorn thorstensen, telenor group, hubii's business partner storage hubii's current storage needs (text only) are per day. still images add extra per day which are stored cdn foresee increasing data retention much higher limits plus shall add audio and video files. that would easily increase the data storage needs petabytes within few months. this situation still does not take into consideration the streaming capabilities required serve audio and, specially, video files millions users. fully decentralised storage systems are work-in-progress, therefore conventional storage methods are unavoidable. however, there tantalising progress. shall establish early dialog with blockchain-based storage companies such storj, sia, filecoin, burst and maidsafe present and discuss our data volume requirements each phase, for text, audio and video both from storage and streaming perspectives. our ultimate goal use fully 'on-chain' solution, but considering the existing limitations these services, have open minded and acknowledge will have focus providing optimal service our end users. content delivery network removing exchange rate risk one potential obstacle crypto-commerce the volatility tokens with respect user's everyday currency (e.g. usd). user happy deposit and trade hubiits, then there issue. however, they not want exposed exchange rate risk then they might not happy trading hubiits. the hubii network this problem will minimised with hedging contracts. customer deposits usd onto the platform and they want keep their usd purchasing power static then will hedge their risk. order interact with the platform and its smart contracts, users must use hubiits. they choose interact usd, then will use their usd purchase hubiits, but their interaction with the platform will still displayed and maintained usd terms. they are effectively taking long position hubiits behind the scenes. order for the user not exposed the hubiits volatility, will then hedge their position the background, opening short their behalf. this way, the user will longer impacted price fluctuations. the cost service this system will depend upon the spread, trading fees and interest rate. hubii can also take fee. however, may fact choose subsidise the cost until there sufficient liquidity make this extremely low cost. token holders will lend their tokens into smart contract fund this short position and receive interest rate payment. for complex contracts, find that users are reluctant engage with the platform and agree ongoing contractual payments hubiits will address this issue integrating easily understood two-way, automated futures contracts. this will similarly allow users lock prices their chosen currency (e.g. usd) throughout the smart contract duration. token holders will able stake into this system and potentially profit from price movements. these contracts will fully decentralised nature, except for the necessary exchange rate information. will have solid liquidity partners acting oracles for this purpose. using these methodologies and without manual intervention, user's balance and all interactions can denoted usd. there fully transparent and visible (low) cost the user for this security. hubii will keep the total produced tokens act liquidity pool for such contracts. however, will also allow individuals who hold tokens stake into this ethereum whitepaper see 'financial derivatives and stable-value currencies' system and earn interest from users hedging and profit from futures trading. all this will based competitive market pricing. verification content rights hubii smart contracts protecting intellectual property critical that check that content uploaded user actually their own intellectual property. will develop framework here that will decentralise this content verification, however must accept that, although our solution will open-source, will semi-decentralised first. the transition truly decentralised system only possible once deprecate our erc tokens. this system will prove difficult optimisation problem, which will take time prove itself. when the equity the system has been demonstrated scale will switch more heavily customised token, perhaps our own blockchain deemed necessary. will allow token holders stake their tokens into smart contracts which allow content flagged either 'verified' 'disputed'. these users will our network validators. 'verified' 'disputed' binary condition once achieved, but content begins life with neither designation. will use system reward validators for correctly verifying content, whilst simultaneously punishing incorrect validation. this will allow the system rapidly converge one truth. tokens staked into the system creators will build reputation weight the creator submits more 'verified' content. this functionality not included erc token; therefore require somewhat centralised solution first. also must always ensure that tokens are fungible, other words token has more value than any other. therefore upon transfer, token must shed its accrued reputation. the incentive for participating the task content validation small revenue share those users who successfully validate piece content. the revenue share will time-limited and potentially capped value. this positive incentive balanced the risk associated with staking tokens against unsuccessful validation. the justification for this downside risk easy understand; the system only ever rewarded token holders for validating content and never punished them when they were wrong, would rational for token holders try and validate every piece content. such, there must significant penalty for wrongly identifying the content namely, the loss staked tokens. our content validation system will therefore converge rapidly towards truth, provided that the market for staking tokens liquid and the rewards and punishments sufficiently great. any lost tokens will therefore split and distributed between correct validators, further incentivising participation the system. similarly, this process might limit the required value the revenue share, potentially the point whereby users will participate content validation even when revenue sharing offered. rapid consensus each piece content will rapidly reach consensus validity there race among the verifiers. consequently, there also race invalidate invalid content and steal any falsely staked tokens. until content validated cannot offered distributors. after consensus determined have been reached, content with 'disputed' status, removed from the platform. this also occurs the content uploaded the platform, yet not validated anybody within time period. some point all valid content will classed 'verified'. when content verified, must remain verified for period time order for creators and validators receive their revenue share. earned funds will essentially locked during this period. having reached and maintained 'verified' status for the required amount time, another time limited revenue share will then begin diverted into 'e-verification bounty' fund. assumed this point that those token holders who staked correctly were acting the best their knowledge and such, their tokens are returned them safely. the stakers will also now receive their revenue share. any tokens staked incorrectly will seized and distributed proportionally amongst the correctly staked tokens. creators must stake nominal quantity tokens (or even fraction token), order build reputation their 'profile'. eventually they will 'verified' creator and the revenue share for validators from these users will decrease. negative verification can damage their reputation and move them below the 'verified' threshold, which case the future revenue share for validators will increase again. however, will expensive for other parties falsely attack the reputation creator. this one reason may later deprecate our erc tokens for new token which can carry 'reputational weight'. this would allow this system also fully decentralised. de-verifying content now let's imagine case where content creator has submitted video cat skateboard and was verified for the required period time. let's also assume later that somebody else provides public and indisputable evidence that the cat video fact their own content. there must exist mechanism whereby content can become de-verified. achieve this restarting the process again once piece content has been verified, but with couple subtle differences. this time the content already has 'verified' status and there also 'de-verification bounty'. token holder who believes the content should now disputed, must have incentive stake their tokens and this access share the 'de-verification bounty', proven correct. once users start stake that the content 'disputed' then users who disagree may wish stake that the content still 'verified', attempt steal the tokens from the new tokens staking for 'disputed'. the new batch stakers successfully change the status the content 'disputed', then the content 'quarantined' from the platform and any contracts are paused. content must remain 'quarantined' status for period time before the token holders who staked 'disputed' will collect the 'de-verification bounty' and share the tokens that are now staked for 'verified', there are any. the content never manages reach 'quarantined' status for period time then the tokens staking for 'validated' are rewarded with the 'disputed' tokens. lastly, content remains 'verified' for long period time then there will still 'de-verification bounty' held reserve. assumed some point the distant future that the content not going disputed any more and eventually the bounty returned the content creator. 'fake news' discussed our use cases, can also use this system for the verification news and facts contained within content. this more challenging application deliver people can have very different opinions 'facts', particularly where they are political nature. there may powerful and wealthy entities willing expend significant effort and spend lot money compromise this use case particular. however, despite this challenge, optimised verification process can solve this. illegal content the challenge with illegal content that may have different legality status different countries. addition, some content may age restricted. country and age related issues can many ways solved the user interface level. for overtly illegal content, separate, yet similar, verification process that described above will required. the process can resolve this issue given sufficient optimisation and perhaps added functionality. however, there must centralised system begin with, there with all other content platforms. the intention not arbitrarily censor any content, except flagrant violations. vulnerability sybil attack order for this system resistant sybil attack, then the reward for poor verifications must small whilst the penalty for lying large. must also lock the benefits for sufficient time order make sybil attack extremely expensive maintain. bad actors attack the system, the potential reward for truthful people grows rapidly. this effectively skews the payoff matrix favour 'defecting', i.e. creating incentive for bad actors 'change sides' light the much greater potential rewards. such, the system contains natural limit beyond which sybil attacks become uneconomic. the system must thoroughly tested and optimised, working under all market conditions and with sufficient speed (via off-chain transactions). must also work even the content extremely high value. critical that trial this system for some time before consider deprecating our tokens. such, this system will open-sourced but temporarily centralised solution. transparency with the intention fostering trust and transparency, the dynamics and kpi's affecting hubii network will fully visible and accessible anyone. this way users will have access live statistics the key parameters affecting the trading hubiits through our transparency dashboard. thus, gross market volume (gmv) describing the total hubiits being transacted within hubii network, net promoter score (nps) covering the supply and demand with creators, distributors and consumers, fulfillment rate (fr) describing the fraction customer demand that met through immediate stock availability and consumer growth rate (cgr) will available within the transparency dashboard. key team members jacobo toll-messia, ceo founder. jens ivar jordre, phd, cto. mark briscombe, mphys, special adviser. oyvind pedersen jr, special adviser. barbara huppe, phd, communication director. david schlesinger, former reuters global editor-in-chief, key adviser journalism content creation. john paton, founder and former ceo digital first media, director the guardian, pais and prisa, chairman and managing partner iva ventures. ash crick, iflix founding cto, global head labs, data intelligence and content technology iflix; key adviser video and content distribution strategies. hans hvide, phd, professor economics and finance. arturo duran, former chief innovation officer for digital first media, managing partner iva ventures. pablo yabo, coinfabrik, blockchain adviser. geraldo maroniene, chief revenue officer navegg; key adviser data management platform strategies. token launch hubii network specifying maximum cap usd raised the token sale. when talk usd amount, this will reality fixed amount ether (eth), set according the price eth before the sale contract deployed the ethereum network. the maximum target would allow the hubii network scale quickly and maximise our potential build significant network effect before competition arose. will setting minimum target $m. this minimum target would still allow the team develop some minimum viable products, but likely that extra funding would needed, more conventional venture capital routes. there will not another token sale for hubiits and the hubiits generated the token sale will all the hubiits that ever exist. the sale will open for weeks from the opening block number, which will announced hours before the sale begins. all transactions will treated first-come-first-serve basis, but also according the wills the miners who include the transactions their block. the fraction total generated tokens that are for sale this project the generated tokens will reserved for key team members and advisors. the tokens will held liquidity pool for the platform. the tokens will used the first year building partnerships which will critical for the success the platform. the remaining tokens will have vesting periods attached them and will used further platform funding well for building partnerships. will locked for exactly one year from the date the sale. will locked for years from the sale date. below chart showing the token splits figure token splits the following figures are based eth price july minimum target fixed eth amount tbc eth volatility the price eth extremely volatile currently, and are setting fixed goal usd, cannot guarantee the exact number eth that would equate our targets. the standard approach, will take the eth usd price close possible the token sale and lock the number eth accepted that point. this price lock-in will made public before the sale begins. exchange rate the exchange rate hubiits eth will set tokens generated cannot guarantee the total number tokens generated the sale, this will depend upon the prevailing price eth usd. however assuming the above figures then would have minimum hub generated and hub per extra phase (including the tokens not for public sale). launch date and time the token sale will live approximately (cet) august the sale timing will determined block number, cannot exactly guarantee the time. the exact block number for the beginning the sale will visible when the contract deployed the network for public audit. will also publish this the website before the sale begins. contract address order take part the sale purchaser must send eth address which will published for public audit. gas limit along with the contract address, recommended gas limit sent part the transaction will also published. this will ensure that nobody misses out the sale due the gas requirements the contract. refunds any eth that sent before the contract begins, after the target has been reached, will rejected. however, cannot refund the transaction gas, this will consumed the miners. sale timing due the complex situation surrounding the bitcoin ecosystem this time and during the early part august, there small chance might forced postpone the sale. this will only happen worst case scenario where difficult for people move around their bitcoin the lead the actual sale. hubiit faqs what hubiit? hubiit erc token and will the native currency the hubii network. they will sold potential users the hubii network utilised the platform. the tokens will non-refundable. they not represent any equity the company. they will the only way engage with various platform features. there guarantee that hubiits will have any particular value the future and should purchased only for their utility and not investment. will there any future hubiit token sales? no, this one time event. once all hubiits are issued then more will generated. these tokens will find their true market value and enable the trading the best content the world. discussed previously the number tokens produced will depend upon the value eth the time the sale, have fixed target usd. what currencies will accepted purchase hubiits? you must purchase hubiits using eth, sent the smart contract described above. why does the hubii network need native token? innovation the ecosystem has far been very heavily focused the protocol level. however, order drive this ecosystem forward time focus practical and real world usage those protocols that have been developed. bitcoin was, and is, leading example how cryptocurrency can exhibit all the characteristics that are needed for currency. ethereum platform upon which can build token. all the parts are now place disrupt entire industries. the token will have utility the platform's verification system and also mitigating exchange rate risk. one other powerful reason for native cryptocurrency token used the hubii network that can provide real time information the media trade volume that passing through the system. also key our choice intention later deprecate our erc token want fully decentralise our more unique platform features. why are confident hubii can change the industry? the content industry will never ruled monopoly. furthermore there are data points indicating that content agnostic platform what consumers prefer. blockchain plays key role maximising the efficiency the marketplace the future. the system will develop strong and necessary network effect and this why hubii has aggressive plans roll out and scale. how will hubii hold the funds collected? hubii will hold the eth raised according best practices, hardware wallet and multisig addresses. what safeguards are place ensure the contract correct? hubii are employing some the best contract creators the space. are also ensuring that undertake full audit and testing the contract. this key why hubii also choosing follow the erc token standards. details the smart contract audit report will revealed before the sale. will hubiits transferrable? order for the currency find its own value, critical that hubiits are transferable without any restrictions. how ambitious are we? are extremely ambitious and confident that can succeed our endeavours. example our ambition, have suggested that can crowdfund movies, allowing revenues shared back token holders. this not trustless solution; you are relying the people who received funding actually make the movie and then distribute profits back the investors. suggest that eventually the hubii network will allow funding released the movie-makers various stages, perhaps with investors voting disseminate funds. this can help limit the risk the movie-makers failing deliver their promises. however, how ensure that give revenue back the token holders? enforce this taking this revenue source. the point-of-sale terminal the cinema will automatically cash into the hubii network and distribute revenue live the investors. this would classic use case for payment channels. the pos device would open payment channel for the maximum revenue share from single screening the movie. tickets were purchased, small fraction the revenue can sent point sale directly the investor's fund. once the movie fully booked, closed further sales, the payment channel can closed. this means that potentially hundreds microtransactions can take place for minimal cost and can done with just two chain transactions. feel confident our approach and philosophy therefore, should raise minimum through our token sale, shall create smart contract within hubii network whereby article published within the platform ought win the pulitzer prize, the author will rewarded with $,. expect this would add much more than value the platform, purely terms publicity. philosophy believe open source and fully decentralised solutions. this will not immediately possible, but will eventually make the entire product this way. trust that our network effect, industry support and experience will make the default option amongst our competitors and clones. will need use the best available solutions for all aspects the platform. there point reinventing the wheel and will use third parties assist where possible. this could fully decentralised and open source storage solution, but could also integrated digital wallet and decentralised exchange built the best available service. this would give many potential benefits such increased liquidity, greater functionality and interoperability. want make this platform incredibly intuitive and easy use. intend that the platform easy for any users interact with. smart contracts will simple processes where the user selects template and few simple options. purchasing content entering into contract will clear, easy and quick. budget allocation foresee the following allocation funds for the development hubii network. development team; consisting engineers working the development hubii network. business development team; consisting senior people establishing distribution partnerships and focusing content acquisition and monetisation. administration; accounting and other administration costs. contingency; unforeseen costs. community; raise over our target will set content creation foundation our finances. the foundation will community based initiative. figure funding allocation afterword too easy come with examples why online media and publishing broken. not only 'fake news' and diminishing trust, nor only failing newspapers creators not being compensated well. the fundamental model 'distributor and content creator' credible source, the concept 'curator' who decides what gets published, creators contracted produce certain amount content before deadline, the business and revenue models designed for the offline world. all disappearing. instead there hubii network, promising level playing field for creators, distributors and consumers, where the crowd incentivised validate all content, where credibility source earned not purchased, and where the vast majority value created goes the active participants. like think hubii network the 'democratisation' the online content marketplace, democracy ensured transparency and sound marketplace mechanisms, rights and authenticity where the 'attention economy' works the benefit all participants. appendix volatility hubiits deep dive into the dynamics virtual currencies was recently carried out economists bolt and van oordt. particular the exchange rates virtual currencies relative fiat currencies was found depend the following three components: the use the currency medium exchange, i.e., make payments investors' buying the currency for speculative reasons, and thus effectively regulating the amount currency used settle payments elements that drive future consumer adoption and merchant acceptance the currency their analysis was discussed recently the context the basic attention token (bat) and the conclusions equally well apply for hubiits. key finding bolt and van oordt's study that virtual currencies exchange rates fiat currencies increase proportionally the volume payments carried out with the virtual currency and inversely proportional the fraction the total amount currency circulation. other words, the currency not held speculative positions investors. thus with increased number transactions the exchange rates are dominated transactions rather than speculative positions, pattern that has been observed seasoned virtual currencies. the analysis argues for long term price stability token mediated economies such the one hubii network, which aims primarily platform for exchange content. core metrics describing the usage and long term trends hubiits will displayed transparency dashboard implementation for the benefit users, merchants and speculators alike. the beauty using native token the hubii network that can demonstrate the extent which hubiits used mediate trade volume our network. all token holders can use the equation exchange along with this information estimate fair price level for the token. natural that virtual currency can exhibit speculative value, fiat currencies also can, but market participants will able estimate the price level for below which there might upwards market pressure. bolt, wilko and van oordt, maarten r.c.: the value virtual currencies (september nederlandsche bank working paper no. brave software: basic attention token (bat), blockchain based digital advertising (may expect that until the market grows sufficiently for hubiits primarily medium exchange (and not speculative asset), will have explore ways showing prices user's familiar currency choice. described above 'removing exchange rate risk', will offer the facility for stakeholders 'lock' their network activity some fiat currencies. see, bitcoin still very volatile after years (which great for speculators). such, not expect hubiits volatility only short term.