whitepaper disclaimer: this not offer sell solicitation buy any digital assets. the paper represents the current version the platform (minimum viable product mvp) and future work progress, and illustrates the intent ihuddl inc develop, launch and market certain products and services. these products and services are built new technologies, and the plans may altered the platform matures meet evolving consumer demands, markets, technological advances, and government regulations. contents we're mission summary motivation financial services are exclusive social networks not compensate users few tokens provide real utility huddl platform users providers huddl token token supply and release schedule token distribution roadmap team marketing plan and approach access granted disclosures we're mission huddl, want empower the collective achieve broad and fair distribution wealth. our mission channel the collective aspirations, networks, and buying power the general public such that every individual derives the maximum monetary and functional benefit from their consumption and investing activities. accomplish this mission will begin focusing our initial attention democratizing access premium financial services and exclusive investment products. will discover the best investment products and financial services wall street has offer and bring them main street. summary today live world mistrust where consumers and investors find very difficult, not impossible, trust global institutions, whether these institutions are ngos, government, business media. many studies have been performed over the last decade confirming these views and appears this discontent growing deeper and broader. recent study performed edelman, they found that the majority consumers and investors trust the financial services and banking industries the least. however, what may surprising this distrust traverses all industries, where the predominant reason for consumers' distrust caused mainly consumers believing most businesses are corrupt fraudulent, and that unethical motivations drive business decisions. percent who trust each sector tra tio ica tio rta nan cia ice powerful example this distrust can seen looking the significant deterioration trust "platforms" (i.e. search engines and social media). whether the lack trust the result the rise fake news, the industry's exponential adoption business models based predominantly obtaining and exploiting personal consumer information for profit, unclear. however, what clear that consumers are longer accepting revenue and profit models that return enormous benefits institutions the expense consumers, communities, and our overall society. order find solution these issues, must first understand that the problems the global marketplace stem from the unique role consumers fill, where their actions alone decide the overall success the global economy. what often overlooked the fact that consumer income (supply) and spending (demand) drives the direction interest rates, corporate profits, stock markets, employment, government debt, prices goods and services, and much more. this dependency the consumer that has caused the marketplace broaden and accelerate their endeavors understand and secure the activities, intentions, and information the consumer. however, what institutions, and the global marketplace, often fail understand the provision tools services that deliver ease-of-access, games and social media does not justify gathering and distributing personal consumer information for corporate profit. consumers' and investors' personal information should not simply thought way discover methods sell more products but, more importantly, something tangible value that should visible and deliver direct benefits the owner that information, the consumer. existing technology platforms have failed recognize this reality and, many cases, that part the problem. making matters worse, the financial services and banking industries have also failed this regard, their products and services are both highly commoditized and seriously outdated. thus, what are left with global marketplace that cannot meet the needs the st-century consumer investor. considering the distrust consumers and investors have for all industries, alongside institutions' inability meet their needs amidst ever more treacherous and speculative capital markets, significant need and opportunity exists for new and trusted social platform model that can maximize consumer's value and wealth focusing their specific interests and needs ever-changing and challenging world. huddl believes these problems can resolved introducing new market utility that connects, incubates, and fuses consumers unique and powerful ways create trusted micro-sharing communities, maximizing every individual's buying power, influence, and impact. huddl's unique approach unlocks consumers' potential while providing them with unprecedented monetization and value creation opportunities assist consumers maximizing their savings and wealth, and improve overall quality life their earning years and retirement. our powerful, multi-sided digital platform enables the exchange consumer products and services while delivering actionable intelligence both consumers and businesses discover, locate and engage one another controlled fair environment. huddl will begin this journey focusing our initial technology solutions democratizing access essential financial products and services. these services will deliver more benefits and value users than currently being provided the global financial and platform industries, will both incubate and unite consumers create single new global consumer clearinghouse, marketplace, and exchange. motivation see several inefficiencies across traditional financial services, dominant platforms, social networks, and current blockchain and decentralized application structures that motivate build the huddl platform. financial services are exclusive the risks involved global capital markets have resulted specific laws regulations devised wellintentioned bureaucrats protect the less fortunate knowledgeable. however, many cases, instead actually protecting investors, these laws and regulations have created divided financial market where those with wealth have access specialized products and services thus better knowledge and risk management and those without are left their own devices resulting inadequate financial literacy and risk management. make matters worse, the public market longer offers the full breadth opportunities that have historically been available the general public, and consequently, investors need consider broader array alternatives access younger and rapidly growing companies. the national bureau economic research finds that public stock markets are shrinking the number publicly listed companies the u.s. has declined since hitting peak countries different regions, such germany and brazil, have also experienced significant decline public listings. general terms, the remaining public companies the u.s. are older, larger, and slower growing. companies prefer remain private for longer because they can access venture-capital and private equity funds, and not deal with the regulatory burdens and investment pressures that accompany the public marketplace. number companies with listed stocks has decreased over the years mainstream investors must discover ways gain access exclusive investment opportunities and specialized services typically only available the wealthy, and obtain vital financial education they can make more informed decisions. social networks not compensate users monetary benefit from network utility today's dominant social networks provide functional utility their users but reserve the monetary rewards the network growth themselves. individual users' networks, buying habits, and data are monetized centralized social network platforms, but the users themselves not receive share the monetary investors reward. user internet browsing history and interests are collected and sold enable more accurate adtargeting for corporations, often involving consumer data one company's customers being sold other companies. founders the life typical network, platform developers and investors add the most value the initial stages years building and funding the network. over the course time, network grows, it's the users that contribute for illustrative purposes larger portion the utility. contribution network utility users investors founders years for illustrative purposes however, traditional centralized networks have directed the majority the monetary value network utility the founders and investors, whereas users receive none. monetary benefit from network utility investors founders years for illustrative purposes contribution network utility users few tokens provide real utility the crypto industry stands today has been flooded with numerous initial coin offerings (icos) promising create self-described revolutionary products services. many icos have product, service, development team simply idea for future business and are exclusively used capital raising mechanism. utility commonly afterthought for overwhelming majority tokens. those that receive funding often struggle define how their token will have any utility for their platform, product, service. such projects deceive investors and hinder progress for the industry, projects providing actual utility will met with skepticism due the large number scams and hacks. crypto taken seriously and progress industry, tokens must not only source capital, they also need provide real utility and, ideally, launched alongside working version the intended product service. this utility-focused approach will provide consumers the best opportunity assess project's utility before committing their networks, traits and behaviors, data hard earned capital. huddl platform the huddl platform initially focused bringing together consumers and financial service providers they can more easily and effectively form mutually beneficial relationships. huddl two-tiered network social network, that turn powers robust investment network. social network investment network premium investment opportunities pooled assets typical user journey will involve these steps: discover: new user invited the huddl network friends/family, learns about huddl from media campaign, event, etc. explore: the user signs on, shares their investment preferences, and explores the various investment strategies (or "themes") available the network. unite: the user finds one more investment strategies that appeal them and invites friends, family, and colleagues with shared interests unite and form dynamic investment pool (or "pod"). invest: the pod finalizes investment pool rules, makes investment strategy selections, hires highly-skilled financial professionals, and commits capital investment style clusters. monitor: the pod oversees activities including manager and service provider selection, performance, and quality reviews while governing the activities the investment pool through dynamic voting, polling, and open discussions. users the huddl social network comprised pods, clusters, and investments from smallest largest groupings. "pods" are the smallest unit measure our network, and are comprised family, friends, and extended personal connections. "clusters" can comprised multiple pods having shared interests strategies, and help increase assets and purchasing power. "investments" identify the general investment theme, style strategy such "active", "passive" "value", specific strategies such "private equity" "pre-ipo stock." individually, retail investors don't have enough capital given the attention high-quality investment advisors access elite investment options and products. the huddl platform aims allow retail investors form pods that can pool their money together and use their collective buying power obtain access these investment options. the platform streamlines the legal process setting these pods that users can focus solely creating pods and gaining access previously unavailable financial services and products. huddl takes care all administrative responsibilities and legal obligations associated with starting and maintaining the pod, allowing users focus the investment products and financial services which they are interested. investors can also utilize the huddl platform create their own pods with specific interests. these pods could simple family jointly investing for retirement, more sophisticated options involving group people from across the globe coming together request investment product strategy not currently available the huddl platform. individuals making greater contributions the pods serving pod managers, coordinators, etc. will rewarded with huddl tokens for their efforts creating and supporting the pod. financial service providers the platform with investment expertise these areas can then compete provide services competitive prices. the end user benefits several ways from the huddl platform: community: build investing community with friends and families. the community becomes powerful support system where investors can share and discuss investment ideas and views. access: the mainstream investor can gain access products and services typically reserved for the wealthy (hedge funds, pre-ipo stock, venture capital, etc.). collective learning: investors can learn from each other and from the educational material provided the huddl platform. collective buying power: users have collective buying power negotiate better pricing for financial products and services, including wealth and asset management, financial and tax planning, etc. collective influence impact: users can rally behind shared interests shape the behavior institutions improve social outcomes through collective proxy voting and investment policy formation. monetary rewards: leverage the power the blockchain and utility economics. the huddl platform powered the huddl token, which recurring reward given investors for investing via the huddl platform. the token rewards can help offset platform fees, and unlock numerous premium features. ordinary investors can leverage the huddl platform compete with the financial elite utilizing the collective buying power pods and clusters, while also learning from the resources provided the platform and from one another. collective intelligence and investing eliminates great deal risk associated with individual investing their own. providers providers investment products and financial services can leverage the huddl platform utilizing the unique investment experience communicating directly with many investors once. the huddl platform provides open marketplace with these benefits for providers: new source assets: huddl allows for many retail investors invest traditionally out-ofreach products, thereby increasing the potential amount assets financial service provider may gather while, more importantly, supporting our shared-commitment grow the percentage the global population saving for retirement and other financial goals. expanded opportunity for smaller providers: new smaller providers lack the marketing and distribution muscle established providers and frequently struggle get enough attention interest. the huddl platform allows these providers gain greater exposure. these firms could even explicitly tailor products pods clusters the huddl platform through the pod management/creation process. direct access end investors: traditionally, investor buys exchange-traded fund (etf) mutual fund, there communication between the buyer and the fund creator sponsor; huddl facilitates direct interaction between the two parties, removing layer intermediaries. this "customer-discovery" model can yield new insights for the service provider and allow them more accurately tailor their products their customer base. firms can make improvements utilizing feedback their investment products attract even more investors. cost-efficient solutions: servicing individual investors involves many costly layers from operations compliance, legal, risk, and marketing, all which are fixed costs that cause financial service providers require individual investor wealthy. huddl solves this problem through our efficient cluster technology allowing the provider further extend their reach and expand customer channels globally. secure and compliant communication: the pod creation process and direct communication ability made available via our highly secure connection with the symphony platform encourages highly compliant and efficient marketplace for financial service providers directly interact with pools investors. huddl token the huddl token incentive and payment mechanism that monetizes the utility the network. the token can earned bringing value the huddl platform through participation and engagement, whether through sharing individual networks, traits and behaviors, data, and on. token provides incentive mechanism such that every member the community benefits from "thethe growth the platform. key activities are rewarded with tokens order increase the overall value the huddl network. these are described later the paper. huddl token the preferred currency the platform, and tokens can held on-account spent receive discounted products and services the platform, and unlock numerous premium features. users paying platform fees with tokens will receive significant discounts compared those paying with fiat currencies. further reduction platform fees possible holding (depositing) tokens for longer periods. holding tokens on-account will entitle users additional incentives. here, important emphasize the following: possession ownership huddl tokens carries rights, express implied, other than for use the huddl platform. huddl tokens not represent confer any ownership right stake, share security equivalent rights, any right receive future revenue shares, profits, dividends, intellectual property rights, any other form participation relating ihuddl inc its corporate affiliates ihuddl inc's property, other than rights relating participation the huddl platform. huddl tokens not constitute offering securities, they are not "security tokens" and users should not expect any profits from the efforts the company. purchasing huddl tokens provides access the huddl platform through which you can connect with service providers and thereby make investments, however, simply purchasing huddl tokens themselves not investment, passive otherwise. token supply and release schedule initially, tokens the total supply) will released into the circulating supply. thereafter, tokens will released quarterly frequency per the inflation rate schedule described later this section. the quarterly schedule continues until total ,,, tokens are released. further tokens will released once this total supply reached. the first quarterly release will introduce additional tokens the initial supply. the inflation rate reduced the previous quarter's rate from there on. current quarter inflation rate previous quarter inflation rate previous quarter inflation rate therefore, the inflation rate for the first few quarters will .%, .%, .%, .%, .%, and on. token supply terms, additional tokens will released the first quarter, the second quarter, the third quarter, the fourth quarter and on. the decreasing inflation rate chosen for its similarity the growth curve network rapid growth experienced while the network new, and the growth rate slows down the network expands and adopted the majority the participants the network targets. the decreasing inflation rate and its impact token supply for quarters years) can seen the charts below. the total supply ,,, tokens will released quarters years). token supply inflation rate years token distribution the huddl token distribution model aims achieve equitable distribution network value. the long-term goal incentivize all contributions that lead overall platform growth rewarding users, partners and contributors with tokens. these rewards can turn utilized the platform pay for essential products and services, reducing the overall costs and fees often involved global finance and investing. released tokens are distributed into circulating supply among the following: users: users the huddl platform will receive tokens for their contributions the social and investment tiers the huddl platform. the social tier, activities like referring friends, exploring investment themes, contributing conversations, forming and managing investment pods, etc will rewarded. the investment tier, users will receive token rewards proportion the capital they invest various investment themes and their positive investing habits. contributors: operating and growing platform requires variety contributors who need compensated for their efforts. such compensation includes payments project teams, sponsors and partners, software developers, marketers, customer service providers, product promoters, financial service providers, community builders, researchers, etc. reserves: the reserves will used for new initiatives expand the huddl platform. this includes future development projects like new services/offerings the platform, platform expansion new regions/countries, customer-acquisition, etc. the initial development the huddl platform has been funded founders and select equity investors. the platform and token gains traction, the reserves may also used compensate founders, equity investors, and strategic partners. third the tokens will distributed users the initial release, and larger share every quarterly release thereafter. the huddl token model recognizes the value users bring the platform, and committed sharing the monetary value with the users very transparent manner. launch, the model will distribute the tokens three equal parts among users, contributors, and reserves, i.e. each. the platform matures and achieves economies scale, the share contributors and reserves reduced previous quarter distribution rate, and larger share the tokens directed users. current quarter share contributors previous quarter share previous quarter share current quarter share reserves current quarter share contributors current quarter share users current quarter share contributors current quarter share reserves elaborate, the first quarterly release, the share contributors and reserves drops each, and tokens are directed users; the second quarter, the share contributors and reserves drops each, and are directed users, and on. following schedule reflects the share tokens distributed among users, contributors, and reserves over quarters years). token distribution schedule reserves contributors users years roadmap founding team formed founder capital contributed for mvp development advisory board initiated business plan completed huddl business foundation laid technical spec completed mvp "financial services" development initiated mvp financial and technology partnerships secured crypto wallet provider secured deploy huddl smart contracts mainnet financial services partner platform development huddl technology foundation laid financial services consumer app development marketing partner secured mvp "financial services" phase launch ios and android huddl branding completed referral program and marketing campaigns launched huddl brand launched huddl token smart contracts developed smart contract audit completed phased international rollout introduction premium money management services premium cluster management features initiate "consumer services" development huddl whitepaper published huddl token model developed web version launch team the huddl team passionate about democratizing quality financial products and services, and equipped with years experience some the most respected financial firms the world. stephen corliss chief executive officer stephen serves the chief executive officer and overall financial and strategy guru for huddl. stephen had -year career the most prominent financial institutions the world. served former executive blackrock bgi/ishares. held lead financial roles ubs, bank america merrill lynch and state street. recognized finance visionary, stephen has led strategy multiple blockchain firms over the last years. vishal karir chief investment officer vishal serves the chief investment officer huddl. vishal brings years investment and technology experience. formerly, was the portfolio manager and quantitative investment researcher for multi-billion dollar funds and model portfolios blackrock, the world's largest asset manager. vishal also served lead technology role morgan stanley within their prime brokerage business. kurt bierbower chief business officer kurt serves the chief business officer huddl. prior this role, kurt spent years advising c-suite executives both fortune companies and government agencies deloitte consulting, the strategy and blockchain practices. serial entrepreneur, having founded and scaled two startups, and authored growth playbooks for many others. kurt served venture capital consultant and startup advisor for the past years. lance weaver chief advisor lance serves the chief advisor for huddl. lance was formerly the chairman mastercard and has held advisory roles with visa and citigroup. served the chief administrative officer mbna, helping grow the business employees, taking public, and eventually selling bank america for $b. lance has also held executive roles bank america, virgin money holdings, wells fargo, and citibank. partners ad: ad: develops robust digital solutions--from mobile apps web platforms-- for everyone from startups enterprise customers. ad: partners love the entrepreneurial drive and ability quickly understand and translate their needs into scalable products. since ad: has helped dozens companies create web and mobile apps that have lead million-dollar businesses, raised favorable capital rounds, and produced successful acquisitions from industryleading brands. alex matjanec chief technology officer ad: alex serves the chief technology officer for huddl. alex brings over years development and branding experience, having successfully delivered leading fintech products for dozens the largest brands the world and most wellknown startups, including northwestern mutual, stash invest and google music. alex the founder and ceo ad:, award-winning design, branding, and technology agency. john saltarelli vice president engineering ad: john serves the vice president engineering for huddl. john brings over years experience serving executive technology roles. currently runs engineering ad:, having built dozens award-winning fintech applications for leading companies. previously, john founded his own full-service software development agency and operated his business for five years. foxtail marketing the marketing veterans foxtail serve huddl's fully-integrated public relations, branding, and marketing firm. foxtail award-winning agency who has successfully delivered campaigns for fortune clients, including prominent financial and fintech clients. foxtail has executed over ico campaigns over the past two years for notable blockchain companies. marketing plan and approach huddl has partnered with foxtail marketing, award-winning, fully-integrated public relations, branding, and marketing firm, deliver robust, sustained marketing campaign attract traditional finance, fintech, and blockchain audiences. will leverage the following channels reach target audiences and convert customers: referral campaign: exploding (timed) referral campaign attract customers and build social media channels. founding customers will rewarded through tokens. public relations: mainstream financial and blockchain pr. champion program: fintech and blockchain champion program. experiential: major conference presence and speaking engagements. partnerships-based acquisition: cross-marketing and customer acquisition through built-in partner audiences (financial institutions, blockchain firms, etc.). content: professionally-authored content pieces, promotional videos, and targeted live interviews. social media: organic, viral campaigns, and built-in audiences. active communities and incentives join our channels. access granted huddl's mission channel the collective aspirations, networks, and buying power the general public such that every individual derives the maximum monetary and functional benefit from their consumption and investing activities. accomplish this mission, the initial focus the huddl platform and token incentivize collaboration among individual investors and financial service providers and break the barriers that have historically existed the space. individuals pool their assets together, which allows them access asset classes, investment opportunities and financial services that have historically been available only the wealthy. pooling assets increases buying power and allows users negotiate better pricing for financial products and services. financial service providers benefit the market for their services expands mainstream investors. new smaller providers lacking the marketing and distribution muscle established providers, can compete the huddl platform. all financial service providers get direct access end investors, thereby removing layer intermediaries. disclosures risks the following are the key risk factors relation ihuddl inc business, general, and huddl token particular: ihuddl inc developing complex platform and its public launch may delayed due unforeseen development barriers. allowing collective access investment products and financial services through the huddl platform subject applicable regulation, particular the applicable financial markets regulation that may require ihuddl inc obtain relevant approvals. the plans outlined this white paper may altered our technology and platform matures. the huddl token utility token designed for specific use solely the huddl platform and non-transferrable for exchange monetary value directly between users and ihuddl inc, the huddl token only payment mechanism acceptable for platform services. any off-platform value the token may significantly influenced blockchain and crypto market trends other non-huddl related events. cryptocurrency and tokens are digital representation value that functions voucher, medium exchange, unit account, store value, but they not have legal tender status. cryptocurrencies are sometimes exchanged for u.s. dollars other currencies around the world, but they are not currently backed nor supported any government central bank. their value completely derived market forces supply and demand, and thus are more volatile than traditional financial assets currencies. trading cryptocurrencies comes with significant risks, including volatile market price swings flash crashes, market manipulation, and cybersecurity risks. addition, cryptocurrency markets and exchanges are not regulated with the same controls customer protections available equity, option, futures, foreign exchange investing. cryptocurrency trading requires knowledge cryptocurrency markets. cryptocurrency trading can lead severe financial losses. under certain market conditions, may difficult impossible immediately liquidate position fair reasonable price. for more information see the, cfpb's consumer advisory, cftc's customer advisory, sec's investor alert, and finra's investor alert. use huddl tokens may governed certain unforeseen government regulations and laws. the ownership huddl tokens may fall under new and unpredicted taxation laws that may reduce their benefits. blockchain wallets, smart contracts and crypto exchanges have been known come under malicious attacks hackers and other parties resulting theft tokens. such events may inflict significant losses token holders and the company. terms this document has been prepared ihuddl inc., delaware corporation ("huddl"), who has taken reasonable care ensure that the facts stated therein are true the best their knowledge, information and belief. the company not acting and cannot act your advisor with respect any financial, legal, investment tax matters. any information provided the company for general information only, and you are solely responsible for determining whether not use the services. you acknowledge that the service may subject export restrictions and economic sanctions imposed u.s. law. the information contained this document subject revision. does not purport contain all the information that prospective customer, partner interested party may require and the company does not guarantee the accuracy completeness such information. these materials may contain forward-looking statements and may include, for example, business plans and strategies, projects under development, competitive position, growth opportunities, management's plans and objectives and predictions future operating results, and other matters relating the companies. these forward-looking statements include matters that are not historical facts and speak only the date the presentation. representations warranties are made the accuracy such forward-looking statements. the forward-looking information contained herein based upon certain assumptions, intentions, beliefs expectations about future events conditions and intended only illustrate hypothetical results under those assumptions (not all which will specified herein). actual events conditions results may differ materially from, those assumed. addition, not all relevant events conditions may have been considered developing such assumptions. accordingly, actual results may vary and the variations may material and adverse. the companies and its advisers are under obligation, and not intend, release publicly any revisions these forward-looking statements reflect events, circumstances and unanticipated events occurring after the date this presentation. the information this presentation presented without any representation, warranty other assurance, express implied, its accuracy sufficiency, and contains only preliminary partial information and not intended offer recommendation buy, sell call any security investment and the fullest extent permitted law responsibility liability accepted the companies its directors, officers, partners, employees, agents, advisers, affiliates, representatives any other person for any such information opinions for any errors, omissions, misstatements, negligence otherwise for any other communication written otherwise for any loss, cost damage suffered incurred howsoever arising, directly indirectly, from any use this presentation its contents otherwise connection with the subject matter this presentation any transaction. recipients this presentation should inform themselves about and observe any applicable legal requirements their jurisdictions. accordingly, such recipients represent that they are able receive this presentation without contravention any applicable legal regulatory restrictions jurisdiction which they reside conduct business. restrictions use materials accessing this material website, you agree that you may not (i) copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, alter, distribute any way any this material any manner inconsistent with the purposes for which offered ihuddl inc, (ii) without the prior written consent ihuddl inc, copy, modify, display the logos ihuddl inc and, any text, graphic images, other content from this material website, (iii) redeliver any the pages, text, images, other content this material website without the prior written consent ihuddl inc,(iv) include "ihuddl inc," "huddl," "ihuddl," the name any their respective personnel, any variation any the foregoing, metatag, hidden textual element, any other indicator that may create false misleading impression affiliation, sponsorship, endorsement between any user and/or website and ihuddl inc, (v) upload, e-mail, otherwise transmit any material that contains viruses any other computer code, files programs that might interrupt, limit interfere with the functionality any computer software hardware file communications equipment that owned, leased, used ihuddl inc, (vi) create link this website unless and until the user the operator the other website has executed standard agreement with ihuddl inc for the granting permission establish such link. limitation liability the materials this document, this website, are provided "as is" and without warranties any kind either expressed implied. the fullest extent permissible pursuant applicable law, ihuddl inc., its affiliates, board, advisors and employees, and the third party partners disclaim all warranties, expressed implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties merchantability and fitness for particular purpose. ihuddl inc not warrant that the functions contained the materials will uninterrupted error-free, that defects will corrected, that this website the server that makes available are free viruses other harmful components. ihuddl inc does not warrant make any representations regarding the use the results the use the materials this website terms their correctness, accuracy, reliability, otherwise. event shall ihuddl inc liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, punitive damages injury loss, including, but not limited to, loss anticipated profits, benefits, use data that may result from any performance, failure performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay operation transmission, computer virus worm, communications line failure, theft destruction unauthorized access to, alteration of, use information, resulting from the use access this website. privacy online may place cookies and similar files your hard drive for purposes such security, facilitate site navigation, and personalize your experience our site. our cookies not identify you name individual account number. when you visit our sites, may collect technical and navigational information, such computer browser type, internet protocol address, pages visited, and average time spent our websites. this information may used, for example, alert you software compatibility issues, may analyzed improve our web design and functionality. may use third-party service providers help analyze certain online activities. for example, these service providers may help measure the performance our online advertising campaigns analyze visitor activity our websites. may permit these service providers use cookies and other technologies perform these services for ihuddl inc. all information and data within this document february disclaimer: this not offer sell solicitation buy any digital assets. the paper represents the current version the platform (minimum viable product mvp) and future work progress, and illustrates the intent ihuddl inc develop, launch and market certain products and services. these products and services are built new technologies, and the plans may altered the platform matures meet evolving consumer demands, markets, technological advances, and government regulations.