blockchain-based patient network whitepaper ver copyright humanscape all rights reserved. introduction incurable diseases although all human beings are susceptible diseases, continuously repeat the process recovering our health through medical treatments. however, some patients suffer from incurable diseases whose etiologies are uncertain, exact diagnoses are difficult, and result, complete recovery not possible. these incurable diseases include chronic diseases contracted large number patients but with complete cure and the need for lifelong management, such diabetes mellitus, hypertension, cardiovascular diseases and cancer, addition rare and incurable diseases contracted small number patients with relatively small volume epidemics data. chronic diseases are becoming global challenge due rapidly-progressing population aging, decline physical activity and lifestyle changes such increased intake fat and beverages []. according the world health organization (who), chronic diseases are the leading causes deaths worldwide. million out million deaths were caused chronic diseases, and addition, million patients were predicted die before the age moreover, more than one third the world's population simultaneously suffer from multiple chronic conditions, which constitutes significant threats patients' health and imposes enormous costs society. specifically, medical costs patients with multiple chronic diseases have been shown increase around percent percent, depending age, gender and health conditions. meanwhile, "rare and incurable diseases" are defined differently each country, but generally refer diseases for which the exact number patients are unknown because their small number patients and difficulty diagnosis []. the number rare diseases registered orphanet, portal for rare diseases, amounted and the worldwide population with rare diseases estimated million. korea, the total number rare diseases estimated around and the affected population calculated []. characteristic incurable diseases that their symptoms are controllable medication, lifestyle changes, operations, etc. but not possible eradicate treat the underlying causes. although early diagnosis may allow the early completion treatment, these diseases cause suffering patients and their families due the inadequacy knowledge the diseases, insufficient research development and support, and the consequent lack awareness toward the need for self-care. copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io patient-generated health data, clue solution figure exponential growth and important role pghd patient-generated health data (hereinafter pghd) refers health-related data recorded and generated patients outside hospitals []. due the widespread penetration smartphones and the growing familiarity patients with smart devices, the collection diverse pghd has become easier through the utilization online survey, mobile apps and wearable devices. pghd component health data alongside genetic and clinical data, and occupies more than percent health data with the ratio gradually increasing figure since the majority patient's activities occur outside hospitals, information recorded clinical office inevitably limited. therefore, growing importance being placed pghd, information directly collected from patients and directly produced patients throughout their struggle against diseases. while pghd has previously been regarded with less clinical value and interest compared other types information, fills information niche complementing aspects that cannot explained existing medical data, and allows more comprehensive understanding patients' health. accenture survey found that the number consumers who participated the collection pghd using mobile healthcare applications rose percent from percent [], which shows that the volume pghd collected will increase exponentially the future. therefore, pghd, which includes information patients' health and diseases, can provide clue the solution for diseases that are currently incurable. copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io patients pghd becomes more accessible with technology advancements, patients have become able capture their health-related data independently and thoroughly. result, patients are more actively engaged overcoming their diseases and are more interested their own health. addition, patients are able participate the collection data; observe how their health status has changed with time; independently identify behaviors that influence health; and satisfy their intellectual desire informed about diseases and the human body sharing information with other patients. these processes allow patients more deeply engaged treatments research their diseases and reinforce their desire undergo treatment. for instance, according survey conducted heart disease patients the connected cardiac care program partners healthcare, percent the respondents reportedly became more aware their diseases through pghd, and percent them came able better control their diseases []. pilot project conducted the care beyond walls wires revealed that pghd had effect reducing the readmission rate percent, average length stay percent and hospital cost per patient usd []. such, pghd has been shown have actual influence various aspects patients' struggle against diseases. healthcare professionals healthcare professionals make decisions medical treatments based data collected from hospitals. however, these data are created capturing patients' health certain timepoint, and therefore exclude pghd, which involves continuous changes conditions phenomena occurring outside hospitals. sole dependence clinical data does not allow for comprehensive evaluation patients' health and may result incomplete diagnosis underdiagnosis. improve this situation, pghd collected patients' daily life can used reduce misdiagnoses and aid the treatment incurable diseases. furthermore, healthcare professionals will able more comprehensively understand patients' health using pghd []. for example, they may take proper actions earlier, after detecting sudden changes patients' health conditions, and manage patients' health the best possible extent changing treatment methods necessary. addition, their continuous observation patients' daily life through pghd yield insight into patients' health well information necessary for treatments tailored for patients' condition, which ultimately assist the improvement patients' health. copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io research institutes based pghd, researchers and pharmaceutical companies can recruit test subjects more easily and diversely through online ads social media without being dependent hospitals hospital-based systems. these collection methods can improve the speed research and reduce the time required establish cohort data set facilitate effective analysis. for example, patientslikeme functions platform for patients better manage their health and for researchers easily obtain data. pharmaceutical companies and clinical trial institutes acquire patients' data through patientslikeme and are using the data for research purposes[]. ikewise, humanscape will also contribute disease research, through the documentation shared data the medication effectiveness and side effects patients and the categorization patient groups for various diseases []. the food and drug administration (fda) already reflecting the pghd patients' opinions and experiences its drug review process for rare and incurable diseases. this because reflecting patients' direct experiences and opinions the development stage new drug, such clinical trials, may result the production safer and more effective medicine. specifically, the fda developing externally-led patient-focused drug development (el-pfdd) meetings into channel for the collection data based the experiences actual patients provide them with helpful information medication and treatments []. copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io humanscape, patient networking service attempts and limitations building health information community date, the interchange health information has largely taken place through q&a services provided web portals online communities for specific diseases. particular, online health communities and patient associations were generally organized around specific disease and featured intensive discussions focused single disease, which restricted their expansion into other areas. furthermore, existing communities are not equipped with mechanisms sustain internal activities such new posts information sharing, which became problematic users were alienated "lurker" status compelled leave the community altogether. this regard, decline community engagement results corresponding decline expectation satisfaction toward the community, which then poses threat the community's sustainability []. meanwhile, patientslikeme constitutes case which the exchange health information occurring extremely active rate. established patientslikeme online community for sharing information symptoms among patients, mainly those with incurable diseases. patients with incurable diseases have voluntarily shared information their symptoms with other users complaining similar symptoms, and currently, the number patients registered the platform around []. however, patientslikeme remains somewhat limited its capacity health information community. over years since around patients have joined patientslikeme, but the number active patients the site accounts for only around and predicted that the accumulated volume data will not increase dramatically the future. moreover, the main services patientslikeme are focused the sale health "data" pharmaceutical, insurance, and medical device companies, the site not active regarding exchanges patients' subjective experiences, information emotions shared "content." this signifies that patient activities patientslikeme are limited only the temporary input data with limited practical and direct utility for patients. therefore, patients are not compelled share information unless they are heavily involved patientslikeme, and copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io consequently, this implies that difficult collect high volume pghd across diverse spectrum. difficulty collecting pghd active utilization pghd can way contribute treatments for patients suffering from incurable diseases. present, however, pghd not systematically arranged accumulated used valuable data source. patients have choice but investigate and understand their conditions independently without any informative and emotional support for their health conditions, unless they belong any specific group organization []. pghd not systematized and only individually owned without accumulation the scale big data, highly likely lose any potential value for research necessary for the development new drugs treatments. addition, patients are less likely able efficiently find necessary information diseases drugs, which would narrow the range choices available for the effective treatment diseases, and potentially suffer from diminished control over their body due their dependence information gathered passively. naturally, healthcare professionals may also lose the motivation use pghd making diagnoses, and face the risk judging patients' health from incomplete and simplistic perspective. potential patient networking service against this backdrop, humanscape working establish its namesake platform humanscape, decentralized patient network based blockchains. humanscape can provide practical help for patients overcome their diseases through intellectual and emotional interaction with each other based community activities. this process expected generate and collect high volume patient data, namely pghd, various disease groups. furthermore, humanscape facilitates active research into incurable diseases and the development new drugs linking patients external industry sectors such pharmaceutical firms and research institutes and helps patients avoid complications and enjoy healthy lives through the continuous self-management their lifestyle and symptoms. with these services, humanscape taking steps liberate patients from incurable diseases, its contribution world where everyone healthy. copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io blockchain-based patient network, humanscape humanscape token utilities token utilities humanscape induces stakeholders behave way that helps patients, who are the principal community users, overcome their diseases. the blockchain humanscape consists hum tokens (hum), the basic unit for transactions; hum points (hp), points used within the community; and hum donations (hd), points used for donations. addition, activity index, donation index and user score affect the token utilities. the token model humanscape based the steem model, which evaluated one the most innovative among blockchain-based communities, and has been optimized suit the needs patient communities. copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io ... hum token hum the basic transactional token humanscape's blockchain. can purchased and sold the exchange and transferred among users. the hum holding used for the operation humanscape except the hum used for the initial coin offering (ico). inflation after the ico, hum issues tokens inflation rate percent. the inflation rate decreases percent each year for four years following the issuance. subsequently, decreases steady rate percent every year and the inflation rate eventually reaches percent after years. inflation important factor stimulating token utilities, but could lead excessive depreciation tokens supply outstrips demand. humanscape prepares ways burn token holdings case plunge token value due excessive inflation. this burning process carried out when the reward value not deemed commensurate the services. ... hum point refers points used within the humanscape community. not traded the exchange but can purchased using hum earned through activities the community. although speculators may attempt trade hum for short-term profits, humanscape intends minimize the potential for speculation limiting the routes for earning used the community and its conversion hum. earning hp can earned five ways. first, patients earn when their contents are rewarded with votes from other users. second, and holders are paid interest according the inflation their and holdings. third, patients earn when institutions utilize their health data recruit subjects for clinical studies and used post marketing surveillance for new drugs. fourth, earned when patients take part the qualification process institutions. and finally, earned when hum converted hp. copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io inflation distribution method for rewards for content creation and payment for interest, users are awarded tokens from the reward pool, which formed result inflation. community activities eligible for rewards include "contents creation" and "voting." the total inflation, percent goes the content creator and users who vote it, while percent paid users interest proportion their and holdings. applicable reward percentage for content calculated based the formula below. reward percentage for content, number votes given the content, weighted value index (adjusted learning the community activity rate) the total amount additional tokens issued the relevant day (m), content rewarded tokens proportion reward percentage for content, additional tokens issued the relevant day reward for the content the creator content receives percent the calculated rewards, and the voters receive percent. author rewards, voter rewards interest user x's and holdings calculated follows: additional tokens issued the relevant day, interest payments, and holdings prevent indiscriminate conversion, converted hum tokens equal installments over period weeks. copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io limits conversion can converted into hum. however, considering the value hp, which exists operate and promote the community, humanscape intends place limit its conversion order forestall disturbance the humanscape ecosystem caused economic power. specifically, can easily converted certain volume, but the conversion cost increases exponentially user wants hold above the cap. exception made for institutions that seek utilize health information data using hp. ... hum donation refers donation points earned through contributions the community. activities within the community benefit patient associations supported patients themselves, which encourages their motivation participate, and patient associations can gain actual benefits through financial rewards. the long term, patient associations' activities represent the rights and interests patients and take lead role the treatment diseases may yield outstanding results that cannot achieved the strength individual patient alone. users' earned cannot converted hum hp, only patient associations that can organize donation events are allowed convert hum. earned when receiving rewards for uploaded content and through conversion using hp. users receive base rate percent the total rewards for creating content. they wish receive additional hd, they can adjust the ratio and the reward. encourage donations, humanscape provides additional rewards addition the basic reward, corresponding percent the adjusted cases where the ratio adjusted. for example, user who decides receive percent the total reward and percent will receive extra percent hd. other words, users are able receive more setting the ratio higher, compared conversion ratio. earned through this process can freely donated within the community. can raised patient associations and the collected can withdrawn two ways depending the type donations. first, for the unlimited fundraising method (regular contribution) with set period and target amount, the raised converted hum tokens equal installments over period weeks. for the raising method with deadline, the other hand, the raised converted hum tokens over period weeks from the deadline after the target amount met. the contributions collected are prohibited from being donated again. copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io ... activity index the activity index indicates user's activeness the humanscape community. the score increases when the user logs in, creates content, casts votes, etc. and has half-life days reflect the most recent activity index. users are able cast more votes with higher activity index. at: current activity index, activity index the last active day, half-life days), elapsed days ... donation index the donation index measures the volume donations made user and designed encourage user donations. the donation index increases when user makes donations using hd. donations are recognized contributions community activities, and therefore user with high donation index allocated more votes, the case with the activity index. unlike the activity index, however, the donation index accumulates without half-life. ... user score user score composite index calculated based the and holding amounts, well the activity index and donation index. user score determines the number votes and bandwidth allocated users. based the assumption that the overall distribution the total and holding and the total sum the activity index and donation index follows normal distribution, standard score calculated using the formula below. this standard score used prevent new minority users from exercising abusing excessive influence. user's and holding activity index donation index stdev average user score (minimum value copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io ...bandwidth the various user activities within the community create transactions that generate data. since there limit data usage capacity due the characteristics the blockchain network, humanscape uses dynamic bandwidth allocation method like steem, resolve the data capacity issue. the dynamic bandwidth allocation method sets target capacity and lowers each user's maximum bandwidth per share when demand soars and raises when demand drops. humanscape limits the bandwidth that each user can use proportion their user score, while the whole bandwidth depends the total data capacity the blockchain network. total bandwidth capacity, bx: bandwidth user user score, total number users ... voting right users can "upvote" "downvote" uploaded content the number votes allocated them. since they can only cast limited number votes each day, users are made choose carefully. they will also use their votes way that encourages quality content generated within the community, partly order keep the value their hum from falling. this expected facilitate the self-regulation content quality. promote user activities, more votes are given users with high and holdings and high activity and donation indexes. every hours, each user's votes are replenished percent the maximum number votes, and each vote can used only once "upvote" "downvote" for single item content. maximum votes, user score copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io users who create quality content will generate many "votes" and receive rewards proportion the votes. users who "vote" such content also earn rewards proportion the number votes the content has received. service composition ... personal health records chronic incurable diseases require patients constantly document and manage their own health conditions. humanscape allows users create content such disease-related records and input and manage data, e.g. symptoms, administered medication, and iot, single user profile. for example, diabetics who need blood sugar management can measure and record their blood sugar level their user profile daily basis, along with factors that influence blood sugar, such dietary habits and other physical changes. such personal health data not only helps each patient self-manage their health but also serves useful sources for various services. firstly, disease-related records and symptoms can shared within the community through various content. high-quality content more likely shared and receive high number votes from users, awarding the author with rewards proportional the number votes. secondly, users who record their symptoms detail are more likely exposed the profiles posts other patients with similar copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io symptoms. with greater usage the services, users are provided with customized information order enhance their user experience. addition, numerous healthcare-related institutions conduct variety research and marketing programs, which patients may participate earn hp. for example, users could take part pharmaceutical companies' clinical tests, post marketing surveillance new drugs medical devices, and insurance companies' marketing programs for recommending insurance policy tailored patients' health. these institutions' activities based patients' personal health records can offer actual benefits those with incurable diseases and alleviate the financial burden facing their families due insurance costs, etc. such, humanscape aims use accumulated information patients' health way that beneficial the health patients well humankind large. ... community communities topic users share content, such daily treatment records, knowhow and latest information various topics like diseases, symptoms and side effects communities with specific themes, where patients can post their personal health records directly bulletin board. posts comments receive upvote, given reward. part the reward given hd, which can used donate donation events organized patient associations. communities for patient associations acommunityiscreatedforapatientassociationthatisregisteredafteraqualification process,whichallowsmembersoftheassociationtousethebulletinboard.inapatient associationcommunity,theadministratorcanpostnoticesannouncinginformationor eventsrelatedtothepatientassociation,whilememberscanshareinformationwitheach otherandsocializeamongthemselves. content sharing and voting content shared among patients includes daily treatment records, knowhow and latest information, combination texts, images and the uploader's health data (diseases, symptoms and administered medicine). the number and volume posts that can uploaded within given period are limited bandwidth. uploaded content can voted other users, and content that receives upvote within days since the upload date given reward proportional the number upvotes, and reward can awarded after days.the number votes that user can cast differs according the user score. order copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io provide reliable and quality content patients, content displayed order based the upvote/downvote count. ... patient association humanscape allows patient associations register and conduct various activities for its operation. with the exception some large-scale patient associations, difficult for patient associations make sufficient investments online infrastructure such websites, they generally operate with membership fees and donations. addition, patients were limited share their information with certain patient associations only, which resulted lack online channels share such information, since the information was shared mostly offline meetings. humanscape aims meet patients' needs for online activities, providing online community platforms organized disease. furthermore, humanscape allows obtained through community activities donated donation events organized patient associations encourage donations. ... institutions institutions registered humanscape after qualification process can create official username. institutions can upload various news and information, and post official replies. for example, pharmaceutical company can post its latest news the bulletin board for its products, reply inquiry about possible side effects. also, institutions can hold events using hp, such the recruitment subjects for clinical trials and post marketing surveillance for targeted patients. paid institutions for such events are given patients after discounting some the advertising costs incurred during the recruitment process. lastly, institutions may support patient associations participate donation events using hp. ... qualification process for organization organizations such patient associations and institutions may request registration organization humanscape community and approved according qualification process. verified organizations may conduct additional activities according their qualification, described previously. copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io humanscape, patient associations and institutions play vital role improving the quality the community and developing the ecosystem, and thus the participation organizations vital. during its early stage, humanscape will organize its ecosystem manage the inflow and verification these organizations' qualification. later, qualification system will introduced that the process conducted automatically. the qualification process follows. first, applicants who wish verify qualifications can request verification their qualifications submitting documentary evidence. this stage, certain amount used but some returned once the qualification gets approved the final stage. however, disapproved, the gets lost. when the request for verification made, the verifier undertakes verification. the person who first undertakes the verification becomes the verifier that particular request. the verifier must use part his her guarantee for verification. the verifier's result aligns with the final result for approval, the verifier receives the additional well provided guarantee. but the results not align, the verifier loses the provided guarantee. with the completion verification the verifier, the final assessment for the approval the qualification begins, and the process completed after this stage. deliberators must also use guarantee and their deliberation aligns with the final result deliberation, the used guarantee returned along with additional hp. ... donations humanscape aims help patients improve their health various ways through community activities. one these ways involves the introduction donation system. patient associations, whose purpose support patients, are non-profit organizations that operate with membership fees and donations. there are many ways for individual users support their own patient association, but financial contributions will serve foundation for patient associations further support their patients. humanscape awards users who actively perform activities such providing health-related information, allowing the user donate financial support desired patient associations. donation process users can donate some the rewards given for content. when donation event designated, the earned for content provided the donation event. when donation event has not been designated, the user can select event donate through donation channel and give some the holding the selected event. the user obtains donation points proportion copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io the donated hd, which accumulated and displayed the user's profile. patient associations that created the relevant donation event can convert hum according the type the event, which may then used for the original purpose the donation. organization donation event donation events can generated the administrator account patient association. creating donation event requires information such organization information, the donation type, project introduction, fundraising period, fundraising goal and donation usage plan. order create donation event, patient association must registered with more than members, and the activity index the group members must above certain level. when the administrator account creates donation event, the donation event finally registered the donation channel through vote within the patient association. the vote determined when the activity index the voters exceeds percent the activity index total members the patient association. copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io usecases private sector targeted advertising targeted advertising currently one the most general and effective methods online advertising. some the world's leading companies such google and facebook have grown their current scale based earnings from targeted advertising. humanscape aims provide targeted advertising solution that designates target group for advertising based patient-recorded health information display induce clicks ads. this method advertisement will favored various clients such pharmaceutical companies, insurance companies and health supplement foods sellers. the target patient group formed around healthcare and medical topics, advertisements tailored for such topics are expected more effective than other channels. targeted advertisements are charged fees that contribute toward the operation the humanscape community. paid clients for targeted advertising added the humanscape pool, and can used reward patients with when they record their health information, contributing the sustainability the ecosystem. later, the margin inflation may partially set aside for operation funds, instead charging advertising fees. recruitments for clinical trials clinical studies are based people's participation new diagnostic, preventive, and therapeutic methods. the global clinical research market valued billion dollars and also estimated that total clinical research cost used for patient recruitment []. this context, the humanscape community can bring about the following cost reduction effects: first, using health information accumulated humanscape can reduce the cost recruiting clinical research subjects. recruiters can quickly screen patients who are suitable for clinical studies based the patient's recorded health information. patients are more likely respond positively because they are asked for clinical studies that are closely related their current health status. according the survey pharmaceutical companies and clinical agencies, respondents reported that online community patient network overwhelmingly effective copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io mass recruitment compared other methods such media advertisement posters hospitals.[]. these patient group networks are similar character online health communities. patientslikeme, for example, has signed with inventiv health for effective patient recruitment and has affiliated with government agencies like clinicaltrials.gov[] order accelerate clinical research. according the report issued the tufts center for the study drug development, the online recruiters for clinical research failed recruit sufficient number patients, did not register single patient, revealing problem low participation clinical studies []. therefore, humanscape community could good alternative encouraging patient participation clinical research. addition, when people are recruited from humanscape, the rate dropout will lowered and the cost will reduced. even patients agreed participate clinical studies, they are likely drop out the middle the process the research venue far away from the patient's house workplace he/she cannot fit into the schedule. with the fact that about patients give the research halfway, appropriate compensation and information individual's health status proved effective for complete participation clinical trials[]. humanscape can reduce the cost dropout offering appropriate compensation and negotiating participation schedule real time. post market surveillance(pms) post market surveillance (pms) the safety assessment newly launched medicines medical devices []. because not possible predict all side effects that may occur during use medicine with pre-approval research conducted limited number patients, the fda undertakes pms and risk assessment programs[]. more specifically, pms conducted review safety issues closer detail and side effects that were not pre-identified collecting data side effects and unintended effects from unidentified group patients. types data used pms include data voluntarily submitted and recorded patients and the patient registry. humanscape, there are patients who suffer from many different diseases. these patients record treatment effects and the side effects their medications. therefore, data necessary for pms gets accumulated humanscape, which can then put use actively for pms. furthermore, initiating surveys patient groups within humanscape, more standardized information necessary for monitoring can selectively collected. the us, the budget for pms is, average, million dollars per case (about billion won) with the total cost amounting billion dollars (about trillion won) []. domestic pharmaceutical companies have also been making significant investment pms. currently, pharmaceutical companies contact individual hospitals and other medical copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io institutions for pms but humanscape can establish itself the platform where high-quality information can provided. one problem with pms that minimizes the observation period and the number test participants order receive approval for the release new medicines quickly possible []. other words, while the assessment treatment effects the medicine can take place effectively during pms, difficult completely guarantee the safety the medicine. this regard, humanscape can help overcome the practical limitations pms with data from patients accumulated over long period time. e-commerce e-commerce service for trading products that assist the treatment diseases, such healthcare devices, medical devices, health supplement foods and over-the-counter (otc) drugs. relevant products are automatically selected and recommended based personal symptom records submitted patients, and useful product information provided help patients make informed purchases. addition, patients can share their reviews purchased products with the community and search for products that they are interested in. other words, patients are able easily and conveniently purchase products that are most relevant their health condition and disease, thereby effectively improving their own health. furthermore, e-commerce service linked with the blockchain-based humanscape community, brokerage fees can reduced, helping patients toward reasonable consumption, and guaranteeing greater transparency compared with other commerce services. insurance solicitation and sales the internet has emerged the most important marketing channel for the sale insurance products. insurance companies can lower their operating costs with the internet [], which the most cost-effective channel, and consumers can benefit from lower premiums. according research study bain&company life insurance and property and casualty insurance worldwide being sold online, and this expected increase and within years, respectively []. keeping pace with such trends, humanscape can offer more advanced types online insurance products patients. more specifically, patients can not only compare and analyze diverse insurance products single glance but also receive recommendations for the most suitable insurance based their personal information. furthermore, the platform helps patients make decisions surveying the insurance products purchased people with similar diseases and soliciting their feedback. addition, patients can benefit from lower premiums through iot data that can acquired linking the digital wellness platform and the humanscape community. the digital wellness copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io platform that aims promote health all aspects life with digital technology used many people can accessed easily regardless time space concerns. humanscape connects smart phones and wearable devices the platform and provides services that users can set individual health targets and achieve them. particular, for patients with chronic diseases, the community can serve opportunity promote healthy lifestyles via daily activities encouraging healthy habits suitable for the treatment specific diseases, separately from hospital medication treatment. patients regain their health, their medical expenses decrease. insurance companies lower premiums accordingly, patients and insurance companies both gain economic benefits. public sector improving the health patients developing countries the blockchain-based humanscape community may help narrow the healthcare gap between developed and developing countries and improve the health people developing countries. compared those advanced nations benefiting from sophisticated healthcare services, many countries africa, south america and asia still suffer from epidemics, starvation and water pollution. indonesia, for example, children under the age five die from various illnesses every four minutes[]. africa, the spread infectious diseases such ebola virus and hiv/aids not adequately controlled. according the world health organization (who), people from developing countries account for one third million) total worldwide deaths caused chronic diseases such diabetes and cancer, and among them, percent are years old younger []. international agencies and organizations are investing vast amounts money programs support drugs, medical supplies and promote the health the people developing countries []. despite the assistance and continued advances the medical treatment diseases over the past century, developing countries still suffer from high mortality rate due poor health facilities and lack pharmaceuticals. since medical problems developing countries derive from information asymmetry, low access, monopoly health data the authorities[] and and lack medical infrastructure[], however, such investment but temporary measure delay the deterioration people's health rather than fundamental solution. copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io this context, the humanscape community helps address the imbalance health information, problem expert shortage issues and prevent people from being deteriorated wrong treatment. like the case zambia, where the youth hiv/aids transmission rate high, the aids self-diagnosis rate has increased from after acquiring relevant information[]. therefore, the humanscape community helps patients developing countries share information their diseases. this allows information infectious diseases obtained quickly reduce damage and secure access medical care. public health crisis continuous monitoring health information updated humanscape makes possible detect health issues within the population group that may prevent health risks and minimize damage. based the flow data the symptoms specific diseases, can capture the signs infectious diseases. addition, the spread the disease can prevented analyzing the infection route based the personal symptom record the suspected infectee. comparative effectiveness research healthcare data humanscape can used for the comparative effectiveness research overcome limitations existing clinical studies and reduce medical expenditures. regulatory nature current clinical studies shortens the follow-up period and fails reflecting actual clinical field. way solve these problems conduct comparative effectiveness research that identifies the most effective treatments comparing the various treatments and effects the same disease. the use health information humanscape allows compare and analyze the effects treatment among patients with the same disease undergoing different procedures, thereby enabling them compare different therapies and find the most effective method. this way, health information that shared and accumulated humanscape can effectively used for data-based comparative effectiveness studies, and helps consumers, clinicians, buyers, and policymakers make decisions improve healthcare the individual group level. copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io research sector rare and incurable diseases voluntary health information from patients may contribute the study rare and incurable diseases that are difficult obtain data samples. for example, patientslikeme published paper nature biotechnology patientslikeme refuted paper that claimed lithium could slow the progression als published the national academy sciences (pnas) patientslikeme tracked the experience patients for year prove ineffectiveness lithium []. what interesting the number patients who voluntarily offered their health data patientslikeme was higher than the number patients participating pnas studies using traditional clinical testing methods []. the pnas study, lithium was administered only patients out whereas patientslikeme, als patients were reportedly taking lithium. among those patients, total patients who met certain condition was analyzed for data. relevant data accumulated humanscape will also available take part the research rare and incurable diseases development new medicines and clinical research usually requires more than years and over one trillion won investment find potential medicinal substance and pass clinical research trials for developing new medicine [].because the astronomical costs and time involved, this process has mainly been confined global pharmaceutical companies with sufficient capital and while the development new medicines for rare incurable diseases was delayed. order resolve this issue, diverse methods change the paradigm the development new medicines are being designed and one such method utilizing artificial intelligence based clinical data provided patients. using could significantly reduce the cost and time required find new medicinal substance via analysis big data health and medical services offered patients []. this regard, incidence side effects the medical history patients accumulated humanscape could actively utilized. addition, building the data provided patients, candidate medicinal substances for new tailored medicines can developed and increase the success rate clinical trials efficiently connecting with patients. copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io technical features smart media token(smt) smart media token (smt) steem-based blockchain token protocol that enables the creation and release token. there are well-known token protocols such etherum(erc-), neo and counterparty. however, because the transaction costs, processing speed and the hierarchical relationship private keys created for financial institutions, not for social media hard provide desirable user experience community service led the content[]. therefore, humanscape adopts smt token protocol and tries solve the existing problems utilizing the proprietary characteristics the widely recognized steem blockchain. performance the concept presented above proved through steemit. steemit social network platform based database steem blockchain. similar blog site such reddit.com, except for the financial rewards and text-storage blockchain. steem blockchain design estimate the contribution contents creators and distribute rewards through the collective intelligence the platform. concept this steem blockchain called proof-of-brain (pob). pob makes possible create steadily growing community distributing tokens appropriately and let users contribute steem with high-value contents. consensus algorithm steem delegated proof stake (dpos). witnesses are selected steem token holders and they creates the block. only selected witnesses can quickly generate blocks taking part block generation. the steem network based graphene, which known withstand more than transactions per second. graphene, which also used bitshares and eos, has been successfully run the steemit service, resulting more transactions through steem than the sum the number transactions processed bitcoin and ethereum []. copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io this technological concept, steemit almost perfect example and proven feasible. smart contract smart contract technology that allows stakeholders conclude and implement contracts without intermediaries using blockchain based the technical characteristics distributed ledger. humanscape, rewards are given when various user-created content (videos, texts, etc.) evaluated meaningful data and receives upvote. smart contract used ensure the reliability data trading during the implementation such payment contracts. addition, smart contract used for various types in-service trading, verification qualification, and implementation other service logic. smart contract based smt, and the data collection and operations that occur outside the blockchain are executed through oracle. hierarchical structure service copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io service layer service layer area where humanscape's core logic executed and core data saved. service layer comprised data storage (blockchain, interplanetary file system (ipfs) and hybrid) and other service logics. patient data entering from the api layer recorded the blockchain after implementing smart contract humanscape's core. data handled humanscape can mainly categorized into personal information, personal health data and content shared with the community. personal information and personal health data are comprised sensitive information that must kept confidential valuable data that constitute patients' assets required institutions, and are therefore saved encrypted dispersed storage areas prevent public exposure. order specify the ownership saved data, hash value saved steem blockchain and mapped prevent forgery tampering outside areas including humanscape. content data can include large-volume data such images and videos, and stored external storage such aws ensure the effective management resources. later, ipfs will used implement decentralization more areas. the aforementioned data defines various activities the humanscape ecosystem (posting, commenting, voting, rewarding, verifying the qualification patient associations and institutions, and donating tokens) smart contract, based which users give out tokens rewards payments. api layer the api layer comprised api for the storage and search patient data and the development services. the data recorded patients categorized through the api layer and gains greater value, and patients can select any desired data through conditional search. the long term, there are plans analyze and convert qualitative and unmeasurable data into meaningful data, addition qualitative and measurable data among personal symptom records submitted patients. copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io furthermore, the humanscape api designed available for use third parties allow their services linked with humanscape allow the development new services linked with humanscape. application layer the application layer provides web and mobile applications ensure easy access for patients. the application layer provides optimal ux/ui, through which patients can use their personal symptom records more conveniently, and community environment where users can share information through communication with other users and naturally benefit from emotional support. also, the application layer provides various services such donation and commerce services allow the meaningful usage issued the community ecosystem. copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io token events summary hum token hum meta token smt. initially, token conversion event was scheduled for existing token holders after issuing erc tokens ethereum and steem-based tokens through smt the near future. total issue volume ,,, hum standard price hum allocation copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io team min-hoo chang ceo b.a. business administration, sogang univ. founder and ceo 'humanscape' healthcare/medical project leader 'mirror mirror', 'helen' won-woo cso mba yonsei mba former nonexecutive director daewoong pharm. co., ltd. (mar mar former ceo 'decision', hospital strategic consulting firm author [segyebyeongweoneseo jeonryageul baeunda] [piteodeureokeoga salrin yisadeul] tae-woo lee cto m.s. computer science, kaist technical advisor 'qtnetworks' former software engineer 'kakao' former founder 'wiznit corp.' hee-jeong shin business development m.a. health communication, seoul national univ. former business developer 'benev biolab', biotech corporation yong-hyun kim business development b.s. architecture, hongik univ. co-founder 'humanscape' former ceo 'pyom' copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io tae-eun kim business development b.s. industrial engineering, seoul national univ. former marketer/business developer 'ebay' byung-ha kim software engineering b.s. computer science/physics, yonsei univ. former software engineer 'ebay' hyun-sub choi software engineering b.s. computer engineering, hansung univ. co-founder 'humanscape' former software engineer 'handysoft inc.' former ceo 'meersoft' back-seoung choi software engineering b.s. computer engineering, hansung univ. former software engineer 'meersoft' jung-min yeom software engineering b.s. computer science, kyonggi univ. former software engineer 'samyang data systems inc.' do-young jeong software engineering b.s. computer engineering, hansung univ. former software engineer 'gemss solution' ji-yoo choi marketing b.a. business administration, seoul women's univ. worked 'adqua interactive' digital communication agency former marketer 'dream medical group' copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io jung-won lim marketing b.a. business administration, hankuk university foreign studies former marketing team assistant 'christian dior' completed the 'founders coders nazareth' jin woong cho operation mananging b.a. law, konkuk univ. certified tax accountant(cta) former tax accountant 'jn tax accounting corp.' former researcher 'korea chamber commerce and industry(kcci)' in-nyoung choi ux/ui design b.s. architecture, hongik univ. co-founder 'humanscape' former brand designer 'dsl property consulting' former ceo 'babelian' myeong-jin lee ux/ui design b.a. visual design, kaywon univ. art design copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io advisors blockchain berndlapp https://www.linkedin.com/in/berndlapp former advisory board member the 'ethereum foundation' ceo 'old school gmbh' business lead 'swarm city' former board member 'appics' former head product marketing for t-online.de 'deutsche telekom' bernardobrites https://www.linkedin.com/in/bebrites/ exchange listing specialist head partnerships 'transfero swiss ag' brazil's leading otc trading desk' advisor 'portal bitcoin', brazil's major cryptocurrency news media business dev advisor 'original my' digitalhealthcare yoon sup choi ph.d https://www.linkedin.com/in/yoonsupchoi/ managing partner 'digital healthcare partners(dhp)' visiting professor, samsung advanced institute for health sciences technology, sungkyunkwan univ. former research professor, dept. medicine, cancer research institute, seoul national univ. former research professor, seoul national university hospital biomedical research institute author [healthcare innovation] copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io jihoon jeong md, mph, ph.d https://www.linkedin.com/in/jihoon-jeong-ab 'comixv comic arts corp' co-founder advisor ph.d biomedical engineering, university southern california professor, dept. media communication, kyunghee cyber univ. partner 'digital healthcare partners(dhp)' managing partner 'big bang angels' former adjunct professor, korea advanced institute science and technology(kaist) former director 'myungji hospital' former head the life science technologies laboratory, 'wooridul hospital' mijeong park mph, ph.d ph.d medical law ethics, public health, yonsei university senior researcher, seoul national university college medicine former researcher 'korea centers for disease control and prevention, ministry health welfare' soo-yong shin ph.d professor, dept. digital health, sungkyunkwan university partner 'digital healthcare partners(dhp)' former assistant professor, kyung hee university former research assistant professor, 'asan medical center' former principal engineer, 'samsung sds' former research professor, seoul national university hospital former guest researcher, 'national institute standards technology' gyu-ha ryu ph.d samsung medical center business promotion team manager professor, samsung advanced institute for health sciences technology(saihst), sungkyunkwan university partner 'digital healthcare partners(dhp)' vice president, 'smart health standards forum' columnist biohealth section, 'seoul economic daily' former dept. head, 'ministry food and drug safety' copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io former committee member, 'health insurance review assessment service' former visiting professor, dept. medicine, seoul national univ. jae-won shin ceo, 'mobile doctor' vice president, 'korean medical foundation ifc seoul' partner 'digital healthcare partners(dhp)' former city desk journalist, 'mbc' former specialist, dept. family medicine, seoul national unv. hospital medicine jong-hyuk kim director planning and coordination, 'asan medical center' professor, dept. obstetrics and gynecology, 'asan medical center' vice president, the korean society gynecology endoscopy and minimally invasive surgery former researcher, 'national cancer institute(nci)', usa tae-ho kim internist(endocrinology) partner 'digital healthcare partners(dhp)' member korean association internal medicine former deputy director for 'myungji hospital' convergence research institute former head for 'myungji hospital' care design center former assistant professor, dept. endocrinology and metabolism, catholic kwandong university (formerly kwandong university) sungho choi ph.d,dds https://www.linkedin.com/in/ken-sungho-choi- dental surgeon copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io professor, college school dentistry kyunghee univ. ceo, 'almedi inc.' qualified angel investor chairman, 'accredited investors(ai) club' nonexecutive director, 'jienem co., ltd.' pharmaceuticalcompany sun young yum https://www.linkedin.com/in/yumsunyoung m.d., seoul national university college medicine post-graduate training, new jersey medical school-umdnj specialty certification, american board psychiatry and neurology founder ceo, brain boutique, inc. former staff research physician, veterans affairs former clinical research physician, lilly neuroscience former medical affairs, pfizer korea former phase research physician, boehringer ingelheim former global clinical program leader, cns early development, boehringer ingelheim former country medical director, amgen korea seung jae baek medical director 'novartis pharma' member korean otolaryngological society former assistant professor, department otolaryngology, yonsei university wonju college medicine, wonju, korea former assistant professor, department otorhinolaryngology, kwandong university college medicine clinicalresearch soowoong kim director, 'c&r research' pm, 'c&r healthcare' global copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io ph.d candidate kyunghee university, college law (international law) former director, global healthcare business center (ghbc) 'khidi' patientassociation jeong-nam choi academic director, 'korean retinitis pigmentosa society' president, 'korean foundation fighting blindness' international advisor, 'korean association retinal degeneration' ceo, 'helpmedi inc.' jeong-yeop kim director, 'amwinner corporation' former planner, 'metropolitan life insurance company' former md, 'e-land group' law pyung shin ph.d professor, law school, kyungpook national univ. former judge, 'seoul district court' former judge, 'incheon district court' former chairman, korean constitutional law association former chairman, korean educational law institute advisor, korean constitutional law association former chairman 'amesty international' committee legal experts former visiting scholar, cleveland state univ, ohio, usa finance copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io youngsung min ceo, 'oawins korea inc.' former executive director, 'samsung electronics' former cfo, 'samsung electronics' north america datascience young-hyuk https://www.linkedin.com/in/gonnector/ representative korea, 'treasure data' ceo and founder 'gonnector' former part leader 'ebay gmarket' former team leader 'nhn' consultant 'korea data agency translator [growth hacking] hci jin-kyu jang alan jang ph.d https://www.linkedin.com/in/alanjang/ researcher, 'advanced institutes convergence technology (aict)', seoul national univ. director 'companoid labs' advanced institutes convergence technology (aict), seoul national univ partner 'digital healthcare partners(dhp)' angel investor the field healthcare, robot, and associate researcher research center for cognitive science, yonsei university former director hci r&d part wellness emergence center, 'aict' former technical consultant 'iriver korea' former technical advisor 'intz.com' jeongyun heo https://www.linkedin.com/in/yuni-jeongyun-heo- professor, dept. automotive transportation design, kookmin univ. copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io head, 'center for creative convergence design(linc+)' co-chairman, hcik advisor, korea fintech industry association former marketer, 'samsung life insurance' former product planner, 'lg electronics' copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io roadmap company incorporation seoul, korea development and launch 'beautycare', mobile application for aftercare services angel investment promotion from 'mashup angels' (taek-kyung lee, ceo and founder 'daum') client usage agreement with 'dream medical group' and 'da plastic surgery' development and beta test 'helen', mobile medical assistant official launch 'helen' follow-up investment promotion from 'magellan technology investment(vc)' acquisition phr data from 'beautycare' and 'helen' concept building 'humanscape', health information ecosystem whitepaper publication company incorporation hongkong 'humanscape' mvp development begins pre-sale st, and round main sale test group(patients/health professionals) building indonesia incorporation organization poc exchange listing mvp release alpha test poc with global pharmaceutical companies and contract research institutes closed beta test soft launch (south korea, indonesia) business model validation main launch (south korea, indonesia) copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io others this document written convey specific information about the platform being planned and developed the humanscape inc. team. this document for informational purposes only and does not guarantee the accuracy reliability any information herein. the information contained this document has been obtained from the sources deemed reliable humanscape team, but the humanscape team does not guarantee the accuracy suitability such information. other words, the humanscape team not legally liable for any loss damage arising from information related the company the humanscape platform. the information contained this document complies with judgement now and subject change without notice. the humanscape team has obligation revise, modify update this document. each recipient must rely solely their knowledge, research, judgment, and evaluation the information this document, and the company, employees and shareholders will not liable for any claims, suggestions, and information that are discussed, indicated, occurred, included derived. the humanscape team has endeavored include the accurate facts this document, and the estimates the likelihood the document are based subjective predictions and should not construed statements that represent the actual likelihood occurrence. this document not intended for citizens residents any state, country, other jurisdiction where distribution, publication use prohibited. this document available only www.humanscape.io and may not redistributed, copied, forwarded published any person, whole part, without the prior written consent the humanscape team for any purpose. copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io references korea center for disease control and prevention(). national health and nutrition survey. law for management rare diseases, article protocol rare diseases. [internet]. [cited april available: https://ko.wikipedia.org/wiki/%ed%d%ac%ea%b%%ec%a%%ed%% patient-generated health data. [internet]. [cited april available: https://www.healthit.gov/topic/scientific-initiatives/patient-generated-health-data mcgove, lauren al.(). the relative contribution multiple determinants health outcomes, health affairs. no.. consumers' use health apps and wearables doubled past two years, accenture survey finds. [internet]. [cited april available: https://newsroom.accenture.com/news/consumers-use-of-health-apps-and-wearables-doubledin-past-two-years-accenture-survey-finds.htm agboola, stephen al., heart failure remote monitoring: evidence from the retrospective evaluation real-world remote monitoring program. [internet]. [cited march available: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc/ care beyond walls and wires(tm) using remote monitoring enhance patient care. [internet]. [cited april available:file:///users/apple/downloads/united-states-care-beyond-walls-and-wires.pdf conceptualizing data infrastructure for the capture, use, and sharing patient-generated health data care delivery and research through [internet]. [cited april available: https://www.healthit.gov/sites/default/files/onc_pghd_final_white_paper.pdf how does patientslikeme make money?[internet]. [cited mar available:http://news.patientslikeme.com/faq-item/faq/how-does-patientslikeme-make-money cder patient-focused drug development. [internet]. [cited april available: https://www.fda.gov/drugs/developmentapprovalprocess/ucm.htm nonnecke, andrews, and preece, (). the top five reasons for lurking: improving community experiences for everyone. computers human behavior volume issue copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io patientslikeme. wikipedia [internet]. [cited jan available: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/patientslikeme the strategy for rare diseases. [internet]. [cited april available: https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_dat a/file//uk_strategy_for_rare_diseases_-_implementation_plan_for_england.pdf gvn. (). clinical trials market analysis. available: https://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/global-clinical-trials-market how much trial budget set aside for patient recruitment. [internet]. [cited feb available: ttps://www.cuttingedgeinfo.com//trial-budget/ yang (). study for improvement the recruitment clinical test subjects: from the clients perspective. seoul: yonsei university. patientslikeme and inventiv health partner accelerate clinical trial research. [internet]. [cited jan available: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/patientslikeme-and-inventiv-health-partner-to-acce lerate-clinical-trial-research-.html patientslikeme launches new feature for patients accelerate clinical trial enrollment. [internet]. [cited feb available: http://news.patientslikeme.com/press-release/patientslikeme-launches-new-feature-patients-ac celerate-clinical-trial-enrollment retention clinical trials keeping patients protocols. [internet]. [cited feb available: https://forteresearch.com/news/infographic/infographic-retention-in-clinical-trials-keeping-patie nts-on-protocols/ postmarketing surveillance. wikipedia [internet]. [cited feb available:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/postmarketing_surveillance postmarketing surveillance programs. [internet]. [cited feb available: https://www.fda.gov/drugs/guidancecomplianceregulatoryinformation/surveillance/ucm .htm assessing the cost burden united states fda-mandated post-approval studies for medical devices. [internet]. [cited april]. available: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc/ copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io park, (). improvement post-marketing surveillance system for biopharmaceuticals. seoul: seoul national university. available: http://www.ndsl.kr/ndsl/search/detail/report/reportsearchresultdetail.do?cn=trko hwang park and kwon (). study insurance distribution channels relation changes business environment. korean insurance research institute. available: http://www.kiri.or.kr/pdf/%ec%a%%eb%ac%b%ec%e%%eb%a%c/kiri__ .pdf insurance aggregators: overview. [internet]. [cited jan available: http://passle.insurtechcon.com/post/dmj/insurance-aggregators-an-overview revolutionary change brought about text messages. [internet]. [cited feb [korean] available: https://blog.naver.com/unicefgarden/ noncommunicable diseases and their risk factors. [internet]. [cited mar available: http://www.who.int/ncds/en/ health care systems low- and middle-income countries. [internet]. [cited feb available: http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/./nejmra convergence and blockchain technology provokes medical revolution. [internet]. [cited feb [korean] available: http://blog.naver.com/meri_/ vital wave consulting(). health information systems developing countries. shortage healthcare workers developing countries--africa. [internet]. [cited feb available: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/ fornai longone cafaro kastsiuchenka ferrucci manca lazzeri spalloni bellio lenzi modugno siciliano isidoro murri ruggieri and paparelli lithium delays progression amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. proceedings the national academy sciences. (), wicks vaughan massagli and heywood accelerated clinical discovery using self-reported patient data collected online and patient-matching algorithm. nature biotechnology, (), introduction and some news about patientslikeme, 'sns for patients'. [internet]. [cited feb available: http://www.yoonsupchoi.com////patientslikeme-the-patients-sns/ copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io ai/big data... change new drug production. [internet]. [cited april [korean] available: http://www.edaily.co.kr/news/news_detail.asp?newsid=&mediacodeno= social consensus need for new drug production and 'patient big data' utilization. [internet]. [cited april]. [korean] available: http://www.etnews.com/ smart media tokens(smts) whitepaper. [internet]. [cited mar available: https://smt.steem.io/smt-whitepaper.pdf appics whitepaper. [internet]. [cited mar available: https://appics.com/downloads/appics_whitepaper.pdf copyright humanscape all rights reserved. support@humanscape.io