humaniq whitepaper alex fork+ abstract the humaniq team building next generation model for financial services (banking which based blockchain technology, mobile devices and biometric identification systems. will use cryptofinancing (initial coin offering) for growth capital rather than traditional venture capital and shareholders. our aim empower market billion people who currently don't have access banking across the world. almost half the world over three billion people live less than day. least humanity lives less than day. more than percent the world's population lives countries where income differentials are widening. believe humaniq can help reverse these trends and help bring people out poverty giving them banking tools that can provide liquidity for entrepreneurial ventures via loans, investment, online work and cryptofinancing well create new opportunities the digital economy, locally, nationally and internationally. humaniq can also help mitigate the refugee crises occurring many countries the west due economic disparity and lack opportunities emerging economies. our unique selling proposition (usp) the digital banking market our use blockchain technology combined with biometrics and focus mobile technology. plan not only provide software solution but also bring mobile hardware (phones) into the markets are aiming for africa, asia and south america. alex@humaniq.co, fb.com/fork.alex, linkedin.com/in/alexfork humaniq whitepaper banking for unbanked contents mission what makes humaniq special? vision emission model the ico the key holders the pre-ico (survey) our development process the timeline humaniq technical issues and responses them bioid: technology bioid: user experience mobile wallet contracts ethereum blockchain sending transaction with mobile wallet sending transactions without mobile wallet coins are integer conclusions page humaniq.co humaniq whitepaper banking for unbanked mission small body determined spirits fired unquenchable faith their mission can alter the course history." mahatma gandhi look this map: figure indeed, where they are?.. you may notice: there are unbanked regions earth. matter fact, nearly billion people live regions where banking infrastructure exist. the only form payment available those regions manually giving banknotes (and/or coins) counterparty. what makes worse, even banked regions, there are millions people without passports any other forms identity documentation, thus they are cut off from modern banking facilities. according recent world bank estimate, the total number people who did not have identification documents amounted billion humaniq, will provide new financial infrastructure for everyone who has smartphone with camera. the smartphone necessary make and receive payments, and the camera needed earn the first coins. the price smartphones falling every year and they are currently priced between $-$ the low end. page humaniq.co humaniq whitepaper banking for unbanked figure billion adults are unbanked put simple words, humaniq banking for the unbanked. our ultimate goals are: integrate billion people disconnected from the international business community, and empower them free themselves from the chains poverty, shift emerging economies into the cryptoeconomy. what makes humaniq special? "the biggest room the world the room for improvement." helmut schmidt natural ask why the problem banking for the unbanked cannot solved bitcoin any other cryptocurrency. and the questions can also asked: page humaniq.co humaniq whitepaper banking for unbanked first glance, looks like any bitcoin mobile wallet could used unbanked regions. but you think deeper about this, you will discover the following issues: the problem: the number satoshis circulation (or any other small units crypto) insufficient for some regions. e.g., indonesia million people), there's just not enough digital currency have substantial daily turnover (volume). bitcoin scarce, and you don't have bitcoins, you are inclined not interested the network. for regions poorly integrated into the international financial system, would take lot time for sufficient liquidity appear the local market. but there's doubt that such regions have their own domestic economy today. it's just they are almost exclusively cashbased. our solution: unlike other cryptocurrencies, humaniq provides egalitarian emission mechanism. the amount coins that one person can mint limited, and this what makes humaniq special. this mechanism has nothing with competing specialized hardware, having access specialized hardware, wasting electricity, owning the coins preliminarily. may called proof-of-face, and nothing more fair than that. the problem: the lack local exchanges. even now there are lots countries where infrastructure buy sell cryptocurrency exists. this the issue even for some european countries, which have problems with internet adoption and where virtually the entire population using smartphones. we'd like stress that has been more than years since the first cryptocurrency launched, and more than years since the first cryptocurrency exchange ever appeared. our solution: since our platform provides infrastructure for people earn humaniq coins from home, understand that people would eventually like exchange cryptocurrency for local currency. course, provide such infrastructure our app. (and still, are talks with some national and international shopping franchises various countries are targeting and engaging them add humaniq payment option.) page humaniq.co humaniq whitepaper banking for unbanked the problem: some states are concerned with pseudo-anonymity cryptocurrencies, which causes recurring legal issues associated with them. our solution: since app users have pass bio-identification, there anonymity humaniq. that good news for transparency advocates, and that makes humaniq unviable for financing terrorism, trading drugs and all the other deadly sins bitcoin accused of. another point is, humaniq provides the ability earn while working from countries abroad. this enables export-driven economy depressed regions, improves living standards depressed regions, and reduces the impetus for migration, which great for all governments both developed and developing countries. the problem: the network effect bitcoin (and other cryptocurrencies) relatively small because relative usage complexity. according the report from juniper research, the number active bitcoin users around the world could reach million people the end even now the network has reached the capacity limit thousand transactions. eight years the bitcoin era have passed; compared paypal, after years had million active accounts, despite the fact that appeared with less developed online infrastructure and can require passport details for use. our solution: discarded the private and public key approach, which confuses newcomers; also had reject using fractional amounts coins, since decimal fractions may uneasy for people with little education. it's very simple. coins are whole numbers (integers), faces are used passwords you think gets any easier than that, please tell what could simpler. the problem: complexity reputation accounting anonymous communities, needed for various pp-solutions (pp-insurance, ppbanking). our solution: handle this problem with our bio-identification procedure. the beginning elegant solutions for biometric authentication already exist. take combination authentication page humaniq.co humaniq whitepaper banking for unbanked methods increases the likelihood near hundred-percent authentication. our approach use one random authentication method each time. every authentication takes more than two seconds and easy unlocking smartphone. the problem: the lack crypto evangelists undeveloped regions, which contributes people's unawareness innovative payment systems. our solution: the reasons why people don't promote cryptocurrencies undeveloped regions are understandable: technical complexity the subject, language difficulties, financial incentive etc. but we've targeted our project directly such regions. working the problem, have studied nearly everything about the current state developing countries. talked prominent bitcoiners who live developing countries such sierra leone, afghanistan, botswana, pakistan and indonesia. dozens them decided enter our humaniq ambassador program: they will teach people about how use humaniq and earn cryptocurrency for that. this why bitcoin any other crypto isn't used unbanked regions. and won't used. the currency unbanked regions (the dark ones figure called humaniq. vision "visions are worth fighting for. why spend your life making someone else's dreams?" tim burton humaniq, the amount coins that one person can mint limited, and that what makes humaniq truly special. this may sound really strange for experienced crypto-community member. how did achieve this? did with the help bio-identification. our bio-identification has passed only once, taking less than seconds and does not require have any e-mail passport. and modern face recognition algorithms for neural networks can check one's identity with incredible accuracy. worth noting that the use hardware solutions, for example, fingerprint scanner, allows signal counterfeiting hardware level. page humaniq.co humaniq whitepaper banking for unbanked briefly, bio-identification obligatory create wallet; every user given coins for passing bio-identification; the process consists taking series photos, recording videos the user making facial gestures, and recording the user's speech. for details, move subsection prevent theft coins, every time user signs into the app, she must pass the authentication procedure. the authentication similar bio-identification, but much shorter: the user has repeat just one the recorded gestures the front the camera. easy unlocking smartphone. the software have developed works with the cheapest hardware solutions android with smartphones that cost $-$. such affordable devices are usually fitted with front-facing camera and microphone, and thus are sufficient install mobile wallet and authenticate the user. after passing the bio-identification, everyone invited earn additional coins inviting friends and making transactions. moreover, enable the possibility for everyone earn living with their mobile phones, and that's what truly impressive. you may ask how? well, work with local companies and brands achieve this. our cherished will make humaniq the facto currency the world where over three billion people live less than day. humaniq can give these people the opportunity break free from poverty, improving the lives their families and themselves entering and helping create new mobile digital economy. imagine now... over two billion users improving capitalization popular services getting used them isn't that what brands dream of? isn't that why facebook making play with internet.org? our user may purchase smartphone perhaps even with loan and after the purchase, cover his her expenses within several weeks, executing simple actions. emission model "cryptoeconomic system may contain its own currency and token system which would useful any sense some system aspect. units currency can generated the system and then sold distributed directly award for participation system operation." vitalik buterin page humaniq.co humaniq whitepaper banking for unbanked feel honored repeat once more: humaniq provides egalitarian emission mechanism. the amount coins that one person can mint limited and that what makes humaniq special. this mechanism has nothing with competing specialized hardware, having access specialized hardware, wasting electricity, owning the coins preliminarily. may called proof-of-face, we've mentioned, and there's nothing more fair than that. this section, are about present the details the emission model chose. developing it, pursued the following objectives: the early adopters should receive more money than the later ones. the total amount coins that will ever issued must five times bigger than the amount coins issued via pre-ico ico. emission proceeds until kmax people are registered. kmax should relatively big. average, one user granted with coins. tokens are issued the smart contract upon request. emission per one person carried out not one-time payment but accordance with scoring function which depends the person's activity: passing through bio-identification, inviting friends, making transactions. let e(k) the amount hmq coins that may granted the person who was k-th pass the bioidentification the humaniq app (the user number k). the objective number tells that the function e(k) should decreasing one. chose the simplest decreasing function the linear one: emax emin e(k) emax kmax thus, e(k) emax and kmax the correspondence e(k) emin holds. chose emax equal and emin equal finally for think that fair issue coins stepwise depending the everyday involvement user. wish avoid the mistake some altcoins, which made their rewards onetime payments and which suffered from users not having incentives use the platform regular basis. page humaniq.co humaniq whitepaper banking for unbanked the maximum possible amount for the k-th video registrant e(k) round kmax (.) let draw graph showing the controlled supply coins: e(k) kmax figure the distribution humaniq coins. red line represents the maximum possible amount coins user can granted with respect the scoring function. blue line represents the number coins that the user granted his her only action passing bio-identification. denote the total amount coins sold via pre-ico ico vico according the objective number only vico coins will earned users the humaniq app. thus, the maximum possible amount humaniq coins limited vico the objective number states that the total average number coins that user can mint in-app must close thus giving max kmax e(k) e(k) (vico kmax kmax kmax kmax round vico page humaniq.co (.) humaniq whitepaper banking for unbanked immediately follows. this provides the restriction upon the total amount people who can mint the tokens in-app. use the conventional rounding function guarantee that kmax integer. the scoring function mentioned objective number describes how people can earn their e(k) coins the humaniq app. structured follows: (denoting the hmq/usd exchange rate that becomes the humaniq equivalent mobile app installation min(round(. e(k)); hmq receiving first coins from friend min(round(. e(k)); hmq (one-time payment) passing the bio-identification min(round(. e(k)); hmq (one-time payment) referred friend passed bio-identification min(round(. e(k)); hmq (for every first friends invited) execution transaction within first month after installation min(round(. e(k)); hmq (one-time payment) execution transaction within second month after installation min(round(. e(k)); hmq (one-time payment) execution transaction within the third month min(round(. e(k)); hmq (one-time payment) additional earning opportunities are provided local and global startups and senior companies. for moments when exchange rate hmq/usd diminishes, the emission can delayed. the exchange rate treated diminished, current rate holds, and, due (.), kmax humaniq balances cannot fractional. you are invited guess why, and then check your guess the subsection page humaniq.co humaniq whitepaper banking for unbanked the start, every coefficient the tuple set but after some time these coefficients are going become mutable. for the first period their mutability, the control over these coefficients will community-driven, but eventually this control will forwarded neural network, whose goal will maximize several reasonable metrics (the installations' rate growth, transactions' number rate growth). thus, the amount hmq that can granted user e(k), where the number users who passed the identification before him her. the formula (.) can used calculate the potential benefit. the earning opportunities aren't limited this. start-ups and senior companies pay additional amounts hmq people executing their tasks. the list tasks available you region can found the tab our ultimate dream that everyone could purchase the smartphone, install the humaniq app and then cover his her expenses the same day, executing simple actions. that why tether our emission the humaniq equivalent the ico "just treasures are uncovered from the earth, virtue appears from good deeds, and wisdom appears from pure and peaceful mind. walk safely through the maze human life, one needs the light wisdom and the guidance virtue." buddha despite have enough money develop the project our own, think fair allow everyone invest the project. make the procedure egalitarian, have chosen utilise cryptofinancing via initial coin offering (ico) rather than take venture capital. moreover, crowdsale brilliant way attract media attention. our crowdsale has two stages the pre-ico and the ico. the pre-ico took place since dec till dec the ico starts apr cet and ends apr cet the price cheapest smartphone able perform mobile wallet functions and fitted with front-facing camera falls down every year and now about $-. page humaniq.co humaniq whitepaper banking for unbanked buy humaniq, the only payment options during the ico are bitcoin (btc) and ethereum (eth). during the ico, the rates are follows: eth buys hmq bonuses) for btc-buyers: your btc counts the equivalent amount eth also offer the following bonuses for those who invest earlier: -th apr -th apr -th apr -th apr since all humaniq balances are whole numbers (integers) and fractional amounts coins are not possible (see subsection for the reasoning), had come with the solution for the arising subtlety. chose different ways handle the problem fractional hmq for bitcoinusing and ethereum-using participants. for bitcoin participants, the amount hmq bought less than hmq, rounding down performed; otherwise, buyer wishes buy more than hmq, the amount hmq bought rounded up. for ethereum participants, decided conduct bounce-back transactions (and hardcode them the smart contract). e.g. you transfer eth and bonuses are applied, you are about receive hmq, but since hmq balances are integer, the amount ether equal hmq sent back you. participating the ico doesn't require passing bio-identification. the key holders our fundkeepers are: alex fork george basiladze bitcointalk user btcsec with respect the btc/eth exchange rate the moment purchase page humaniq.co humaniq whitepaper banking for unbanked the pre-ico (survey) the purpose the pre-ico was create discussion issues raised the project, attract the attention leading experts the industry, and raise funds prepare the promotion and public relations the project, well prepare quality ico. chose the following rates for the pre-ico stage: eth buys hmq bonuses) for btc-buyers: for the whole pre-ico campaign, treated every your bitcoin eth announced that the amount collected less than eth, all funds will returned. fortunately, collected btc and eth, which amounted more than the announced threshold. the following bonuses were available during the pre-ico stage: first hours dec -th dec -nd dec -th dec -th dec are delighted inform you that hmq tokens have already been distributed during the pre-ico (in complete accordance with these bonuses), and look forward our upcoming ico, which will provide the answer the final quantity tokens that can ever generated vico and thus determine the constant kmax from (.). all rewards and bounties were distributed within one week after the end pre-ico, just was claimed. our development process "success failure team determined how its members communicate and interact." ichak adizes stress his personal responsibility for the pre-ico, our founder alex fork decided use the bitcoin wallet uses since make accounting easier, right before the start all the bitcoins were drained away from there, making the balance zero. page humaniq.co humaniq whitepaper banking for unbanked future fintech keeps contact with more than fintech start-ups. one the challenges most projects access the customer base. this why the implementation our solution will help young projects (pp lending, insurance, mobile wallets, scoring, freelance, etc.) offer their ideas people who have experience the financial sector. therefore, the project will developed follows. the main development team develops the core. others join later and develop their start-ups solutions ready-made platform. use github bring the core team and third parties together. are open get suggestions and ideas from ordinary users from the community. always keep touch with them via the humaniq app, well bitcointalk and our brand blog medium. users also join via our slack channel, read the latest news facebook and twitter, and participate discussions our subreddit. figure join see how work close interaction with users and testing idea prototype potential consumers allows make the right decisions and save resources. this why customer development greatly reduces the investor risk. after all, theory often differs from practice, and developers' opinions ergonomics and ease use may differ from the perceptions the product's end users. users often have their own understanding set must have functions, and ignorance their real needs can lead the failure the entire start-up. page humaniq.co humaniq whitepaper banking for unbanked such, our analysts and trend watchers, together with the developers, will consider every feature request communicated users the community. some ideas greatly improve the product; but, the same time, the development one option can take hour two, while the implementation another can take few days. analysts and trend watchers will also evaluate the feasibility each request and explore within the context market trends. the developers, their turn, will integrate them properly new ideas are given thumbs up. the same time, budget and deadlines must met. therefore, some ideas are rejected for one reason another, while others form the list tasks for the team developers. thanks this, analysts, trend watchers, investors, users, project managers and programmers themselves are always aware the current development stage project. any interested user and even developer can connect from various sides and get respective reward: participate beta testing; voice their ideas for improving the product the community; develop their start-up; become analyst trend watcher. you can see, our project development scheme allows and supports the active participation users. customer development allows create product that meets their needs and wishes, which eventually ensures its success. the timeline humaniq "the best way predict the future create it." peter drucker the milestones this road are: october-november humaniq whitebook written december launch humaniq.co website. page humaniq.co humaniq whitepaper banking for unbanked december the pre-ico. january-february smart contract development, due diligence, marketing campaign february meeting with humaniq project partners india. february announcing humaniq online-hackathon partnership with (yet undisclosed) well-known blockchain media february the start the ico (crowdsale). april headlining the blockshow europe giving talks panel discussions, concluding results the hackathon and giving awards winners april crowdsale concludes. may prototype android mobile app. july product launch: the mobile app (wallet with bioid) exchange app. september global expansion two directions: underdeveloped regions (expansion the network users africa, asia, south america) and the cities that are crucial modern business (london, singapore, hong kong and san francisco). integration virtual cards, fintech start-ups, and further decentralization humaniq architecture. technical "architecture inhabited sculpture." constantin brancusi from the technical point view, implement the idea, the following ingredients are required: mobile app, which what users see. we're talking about android app, since underdeveloped regions market share android close making ios app less important our case, but for the sake perfection actively develop it. page humaniq.co humaniq whitepaper banking for unbanked appropriate bio-identification/authentication software such software essentially produces every person's identity; these chunks are used for identification/authentication and must stored somewhere decentralized manner these chunks must encrypted identification procedure must cost zero for end users (at least for the first time) authentication procedure must cost zero for end users (at least for the first time) secure consensus algorithm (e.g. robust blockchain) transactions should cost zero for senders possible. satisfy the first and second conditions, enough build the apps, and buy licensing rights for the best available bioid solution. chapter devoted entirely how made our choice the solution. satisfy the third condition, should allow every become humaniq node. encryption (fourth condition), our approach similar storj and (announced ethereum) swarm's one. meet the fifth condition, enough specify the protocol that nodes have add new person their database, keep their databases synchronized, and are not paid for that. it's exactly like bitcoin: full nodes kept their hard drives containing the ledger all transactions that have ever happened without any financial incentive. the sixth condition resolves like the previous one: people verify and broadcast identities authenticating users for free. again, exactly like bitcoin: peers verify and broadcast new blocks and transactions, and nobody gets paid for that. speaking condition eight, for the first few months the network's existence transaction fees will zero for end users. however, this changed future, since the founders cannot pay ethereum fees forever. are about decentralize the project architecture and make nondependent founders, giving everyone the possibility run humaniq node. are using ethereum for the project and the ico campaign because this platform allows create secure solution quickly, with few resources, and without loss quality thanks to: page humaniq.co humaniq whitepaper banking for unbanked figure the inner structure the humaniq platform smart contracts (we plan conduct the audit our smart contracts); reliability ready and operating blockchain, contrast the risks associated with deploying own blockchain; future development the ethereum project and stated opportunities. the only tough issue the centralization. humaniq has several components: software part, neural network and database. the future, all these components are decentralized. page humaniq.co humaniq whitepaper banking for unbanked issues and responses them humaniq based blockchain technology. major component transaction settlement will done ethereum blockchain using standard token (erc) contract. new tokens are emitted for every authenticated user and the rules emission are controlled humaniq servers are responsible for authorization users the blockchain via biometric services well approving additional token emission. users will only interact with mobile wallet for their smartphones. scrupulous readers may say that this system has number centralized places carrying risks. but there are answers this: each user can use the ethereum client wallet without using additional services. should admitted that bitcoin protocol add-on services are used overwhelming majority bitcoin users; and this the normal operation payment system, and our operation will based the same principles. and since security issues are undertaken ethereum, this allows focus the client-oriented decentralized business model. with reference bio-identification and mobile wallet, will move towards open source and hereafter decentralization. besides the above-mentioned, the service development strategy decentralized business model, i.e. stimulating creation several mobile wallets third-party teams, chatbots, exchange services, service rendering. today there technological opportunity put bio-identification into blockchain, however there possibility help people now, and develop ecosystem cryptoeconomics should done. there are three key components humaniq: the app (which essentially also the mobile wallet) humaniq servers contracts ethereum blockchain. page humaniq.co humaniq whitepaper banking for unbanked bioid: technology understand that biometry not finance, and we're not specialists this technology. consequence, we're actively working with various well-established companies, who specialize computer vision and/or image recognition. hence, execute bio-identification, are going invite solution provider when are ready make the choice. have not yet signed any formal agreements, and, due the high responsibility this step, are not rushing. plan announce which service provider have chosen and provide corresponding formal agreements during the crowdsale. bioid: user experience during the first launch the humaniq app, one must pass through the bio-identification procedure otherwise, the humaniq interface just won't show up. this bio-identification arranged follows. registrant required make photo themselves with the smartphone, record video smiling and grinning, and pronounce the text shown the screen. avoid counterfeits, the device added and the text chosen random out very large pool; eliminates the ability use pre-prepared audio tracks. all the instructions are shown the mobile phone screen, course prerequisite knowledge needed use the app; you don't need know anything about the app advance. you may download the app from google play and try yourself. this authentication method takes less than five seconds and requires e-mail, sms, passport, and you don't have worry about losing forgetting your password. this the real proof identity. mobile wallet the mobile wallet interface for mobile (ios, android) users that provides them with quick access their balances and lets them transact with other users/merchants. the mobile wallet manages private and public keys for the user, which are used sign transactions locally. fortunately, frontal camera and microphone are now built all devices. page humaniq.co humaniq whitepaper banking for unbanked also has built-in module for collecting biometric user data, such voice and video, which can used bind user with their identity and provide them with additional features the platform, such action-based emission. the mobile wallet also includes api for third-party developers they can interact with the wallet: access balances, send transactions. contracts ethereum blockchain there are two contracts that are already deployed the blockchain. first one standard token contract (erc) that keeps track user balances and allows them transfer tokens between each other. second one responsible for token emission. however, understand that with the decentralization proceedings will involved the development ample web contracts; follow our github stay keen updates. sending transaction with mobile wallet transaction generated the smartphone and then signed using local private key. signed transaction data submitted humaniq servers. transaction relayed the ethereum blockchain the humaniq token smart contract. sending transactions without mobile wallet the user already has humaniq tokens they might transact directly using token smart contract bypassing humaniq servers. after signing the transaction user might send directly ethereum blockchain. this brings advantage control over the transaction publication and propagation (because there might delay due high load the humaniq servers). coins are integer any humaniq balance cannot fractional. can only integer. we're targeted providing undereducated people with modern finance, and page humaniq.co humaniq whitepaper banking for unbanked don't expect all our users great fraction calculus. the integer amount coins makes easier for undereducated people count their money. conclusions the humaniq project was launched create financial infrastructure for people who were previously isolated from it. are using the most advanced and mass technologies: the blockchain with the possibility connect thirdparty projects, mobile application, along with bio-identification. humaniq will also add the science cryptoeconomics, the well-being developing countries, and can even benefit the european economy. for cryptoeconomy: expanding the amount cryptoeconomy users will result positive development this industry original inherently friendly and open source architecture banking will help start-ups get instant access customers around the world and obtain financial support from the humaniq project bio-identification will allow testing reputation systems and personalized interaction programs, introducing this realm charitable organisations, ngos and united nation services. for developing countries: poverty level reduction remote work and economic growth: greater opportunities for savings will increase the lending capacity the population; collection customer financial data will reduce lending risks innovation and infrastructure: electronic finances will allow the creation new business models and products reduction class inequality: financial services can provide new opportunities for billions people living less than day and bring them the middle class, greatly improving their lives page humaniq.co humaniq whitepaper banking for unbanked establishing gender equality: engaging the female population the electronic finance system will raise incomes health care and education systems; barrier for women financial account registration will dissolve, and women will have more control over their funds and business improving the quality education through remote access and payment capabilities. for the eu: improving the economic situation third world countries will reduce the current immigration challenges faced advanced economies, particularly the european union where the influx creating huge strains the social welfare systems and high costs associated with the problem. humaniq not welfare charity, are more about empowering people change their lives and pull themselves out economic disparity participating new digital economy that they can help build. page humaniq.co