huobi pool token (hpt) overview hpt digital currencies based the blockchain technology have been developing leaps and bounds ever since the birth digital currencies. almost all cryptocurrencies have generated through some form consensus mechanism, mining has become the cornerstone the entire cryptocurrency industry. boosted the phenomenal expansion the industry, the mining pool business has also been growing rapidly, with the market size the entire mining service exceeding us$ billion the end the first quarter with the expansion business came fierce competition. spurred the vigorous development the cryptocurrency market, the mining models have been changing with each passing day, which brings opportunities for the mining pool sector well numerous challenges the industry. each mining pool now faced with this question: how bring more comprehensive business, more stable income, more considerate services and more reliable guarantee various types miners. our mission believe that mining pools that can provide comprehensive services miners should the model that traditional mining pools should reshape themselves into. propose redefine mining pool business "digital asset production platform" that provides one-stop services, which range from production sale, token producers based such production mechanisms pos, pow, dpos, among others. taking its mission "liberalizing wealth and facilitating production", huobi mining pool dedicated establishing world-class digital asset production platform", provide safe, fair and open production environment for all kinds producers. the same time, huobi mining pool also seeks provide technical services all kinds digital currencies, promote the seamless integration between blockchain and commerce, advance the localization blockchain technology, and ultimately boost social progress and economic development. platform profile huobi mining pool provides digital asset producers with stable, safe, transparent and open business platform. the services provided huobi mining pool covers pow mining, pos mining, dpos technology export service, among others. profitable pos wallets huobi mining pool provides miners with wallets with built-in mining services enable miners obtain stable mining revenue while storing tokens through the built-in mining business such wallets. the wallets huobi mining pool attach great importance protecting the customer's privacy and safety, and adopts security and risk-control measures the same level those taken exchanges safeguard the customers' assets and bring stable incomes the customers. block technology export services huobi mining pool provides technical services for dpos/pos. supported its technological prowess, huobi mining pool can provide technical services various main chains, including main-chain start, smart contract drafting, maintenance and upgrading, fixing vulnerabilities, settlement and liquidation, among others. brand the huobi group, huobi mining pool deeply involved the eco-systems various digital currencies, and dedicated improving the stability and safety various types currency chains, protecting the assets various groups customers, including huobi customers, and enhancing the intrinsic value tokens. huobi mining pool has serving node provide continuous technical services for various digital currencies, including eos. fpps revenue model huobi mining pool based the fpps settlement model, which capable significantly increasing the miners' income when the blocks are congested. compared with the traditional pps model, which the revenue determined according the network-wide difficulties and default block revenue, the fpps model different that includes the block fee into the block income; therefore, the mining income miners calculated according the fpps model will increased large margin supporting various cryptocurrencies huobi mining pool currently supports range cryptocurrencies, including btc, bch, and eos, among others, and the future, will include more cryptocurrencies into the range currencies that huobi mining pool supports, develop into high-quality all-round digital currency mining pool. supporting financial products since its early days, huobi mining pool has been supporting direct mining services. the future, huobi mining pool will launch variety services, including computing power hedging and cloud computing power services, which are intended re-align global energy resources the basis the global layout huobi group, provide customers with optimal investment options. multilingual support huobi mining pool currently available two languages, i.e., chinese and english; the future, will available additional languages, clearing language barriers hindering the development world-class production platform for blockchain assets. cross-platform client support make mining easier than ever before, huobi mining pool supports clients across all platforms: web browser, android client, ios client, mobile browser. high-performance support the system huobi mining pool based sophisticated, state-of-the-art, multi-layer and multi-cluster system architecture, which greatly boosts the performance, safety and stability the system, and solves range problems pestering traditional mining pools, e.g., computing power data disconnection suan shu diao xian disorderly switching computing power (suan luan qie huan data instability, among others. profit model blockchain digital asset production platform, the incomes and profits huobi mining pool mainly come from the remuneration generated through providing services its platform users and providing services external partners. profit model description handling fee technical service fee when customers mine the platform, they need pay certain amount handling fee the platform. when the platform provides technical services for various types blockchains, will charge certain fees, including technical compensation provided the project owner and node rewards paid the community, among others. handling charges for financial products dapps investment other incomes the platform will launch other services, including computing power hedging, cloud computing power, for which certain fees will charged customers. the platform generates investment returns through getting deeply involved the ecological construction various main chains, exploring and cultivating potential projects, etc. other income earned through the export various types resources owned the platform. what hpt huobi pool tokens (hpt) are negotiable encrypted digital certificates rights and interests. their holders may get themselves deeply involved the future development huobi mining pool and receive share the achievements huobi mining pool. hpt will become important part, and possibly the most important cornerstone huobi token. huobi mining pool issues huobi pool tokens theethereum, with fixed upper limit the amount hpt issued. the total number hpt about billion, which are airdropped holders, are designated community incentives huobi mining pool, are used for hadax private placement, are earmarked hpt development fund, are used private placement, and the remaining are used incentives for the team. relying the rich resources and financial strength huobi group, huobi mining pool adopts the stock rights certification mechanism under the premise accommodating various consensus mechanisms, such pow and pos. advocates the concept mining means mining, and provides users with multi-party docking entrances, including but not limited hubipro, various wallets, among others. after user stores his/her/its encrypted assets huobi mining pool, the user then enters the user asset value-added system. huobi mining pool will participate the node competition each chain, protect the safety each chain and obtain certain profits the same time. furthermore, may also engage quantitative transactions and borrowing&lending the secondary market. hpt rights huobi pool tokens are certificates rights and interests issued huobi mining pool, with its number fixed billion. huobi mining pool will airdrop the income the community builders according their respective contribution the community. such incentives are gradually released the community through investment and computing power mining. rights and interests description airdropped gifts the income huobi mining pool participation the eos special zone hpt holders' suggestions will have significant impact hadax-eos special zone. issuance hpt the total number hpt about billion, which are airdropped holders, are used community incentives, are earmarked for hadax private placement, are reserved hpt development fund, for used targeted private placement, and the remaining are used team incentives. the airdropped billion hpts are airdropped holders proportionally. each day, snapshots will taken customers, identify recipients which hpt will air-dropped and then the hpt will airdropped holders proportionally according their mining. for the users who store their the huobi account system, hpt will airdropped them daily basis proportionally according their mining unlock ratio. for customers who store their the chains, the amount hpt airdropped each address will calculated the mining pool every day and the accumulated hpt will then airdropped weekly basis the chains. the used hadax private placement according hadax rules, hpt are allocated users who invest us. such hpt, one third will released the day when hpt are launched, and the rest will unlocked linearly and proportionally the subsequent months. the used community incentives the total amount hpts used community incentives are billion. them, million will used rewards for long-time customers; the remaining part, will issued the first year, the second year, the third year and the fourth year. users huobi mining pool will obtain the computing power hpow huobi mining pool through pow mining storing tokens; and huobi mining pool will distribute the hpt equal shares the customers' accounts according computing power. the formula follows: hpow daily amount hpt allocated customer customer's daily amount hpt allocated hpow total sum hpow computing power hpow calculation method pledging hpow customers may obtain basic computing power locking tokens, and obtain the time addition coefficient adjusting the locking time and the variety addition coefficient storing specific varieties. formula hpower locking hpower locked amount *time addition coefficient*variety addition coefficient lock-up variety: the token variety that specified huobi mining pool and stored the lock-up user into the designated account. lock-up amount: huobi mining pool converts the tokens deposited the customer into usdt according the daily quotation index the huobi pro and the huobi hadax every day, and the amount deposited the customer the basic computing power held the customer. time addition coefficient: customer can freely choose day, days, days, days days the deposit period. the time enhancement index corresponding each the period and respectively. variety addition coefficient: huobi mining pool will determine the expected total amount each variety token and give different variety addition coefficients users different times during the lock-up. the specific coefficients may adjusted according the specific situations. access rules: the customer completes the transfer-in before day t-; calculation income starts and distribution income starts t+. the customer intends transfer amount digital currency out the account before the fixed period expires, huobi mining pool will charge handling fee the rate (number days prior the maturity date/) the principal pledging hpow the customer can obtain the computing power through pledging with the huobi mining pool and voting, and the computing power can calculated through coefficient adjustment. formula: pledged hpow pledged amount time addition coefficient variety addition coefficient pledged amount: huobi mining pool converts the tokens deposited the customer into usdt according the daily quotation index the huobi pro and the huobi hadax every day, and the amount deposited the customer the basic computing power held the customer. time addition coefficient: variety addition coefficient: the huobi mining pool will determine the addition coefficient each variety token. the specific coefficient may adjusted according the specific situations. the pow hpow pow users: pow user can import the pow computing power into huobi mining pool. the value coins mined the user every day converted into hpow according specific ratio according the formula below: pow hpow mined amount business addition coefficient mined amount: the digital currency excavated the user the day before the huobi mining pool converted into usdt the basic computing power business addition factor: computing power the mining pool, the business enhancement coefficient when computing power the mining pool>p, the business enhancement coefficient when the computing power mining pool >p, the business enhancement coefficient when the computing power the ore pool more than the additional enhancement index the specific coefficient may adjusted according the specific situation. the basis the pow computing power the user day the mining pool, the tokens for the settlement cycle are issued day; equal amount computing power included into the hpt mining day, and the income distributed day. the mining pool will distribute the airdropped hpt the customer's account with the pro website. rewards for long-time customers community credits: credits obtained all community users the launch hpt online will distributed customers according the ratio rewards for pledge users: total million hpts duration existence will provided rewards for long-time users, which will calculated from the official online launch huobi eos voting the day prior the hpt launch online. the amount hpt such rewards calculated according the formula below: number eos community accounts duration time amount hpt distributeable long-time customers number all customer community accounts duration deposit time lao fen pei hpt liang amount hpt distributeable long-time customers hpt pow computing power: for those users who have computing power the huobi mining pool one week before the online launch, they will share hpt according their mining amount the past three months during the settlement period. amount hpt that long-time user may obtain all computing power the past three months accumulative computing power the user the past three months the used hpt development fund the hpt development fund will used investment dapps projects the used private placement hpt will raise private funds from key partners huobi mining pool. billion tokens will used private placement according certain price. the tokens, one third will unlocked the opening day and the remaining two thirds will unlocked installments months following the opening day. the raised fund will mainly used the following three areas: gain access more dpos/pos nodes and gain profits accessing more nodes; increase manpower investment, build public chain technical team and investment team, and provide investors with work proposals, investment income, among others. update equipment enhance competitiveness pos and dpos nodes the used team incentives (unlocked manually) hpt reserves the hpts team incentives. order ensure the stable and sound development the mining pool business, the team needs unlock the part hpt earmarked incentives according the team's performance commitment and time. unlocked when the income the then current month huobi mining pool reaches the levels performance commitments: level: usd million equivalent value tokens/month; unlock level: usd million equivalent value tokens/month; unlock level: usd million equivalent value tokens/month; unlock unlocked three years, with .%, and unlocked respectively the three years. the used incentives for hadax private placement unlocked according hadax rules hpt lock-up period type lock-up period the part used airdropping unlocked and distributed proportionally according the mined amount the mining. the part used for team incentives unlocked proportionally according the performance commitment and time huobi mining pool the part used for mining lock-up period the part used hpt fund unlocked proportionally according dapp performance the part used private placement unlocked the first day opening and the remaining unlocked monthly basis the subsequent months the part used hadax events unlocked according hadax rules distribution the airdropped part huobi mining pool will transfer the pos/dpos node income generated day into the airdropping pool daily basis, and the income the airdropping pool will counted into the community reward pool. other incomes distributeable the mining pool will transferred into the airdropping pool every thursday, and the income from the airdropping pool will counted into the community reward pool. huobi mining pool takes snapshot the hpt balance the huobi system the day. day, the community rewards will distributed equal shares all hpt holders according the number hpt they hold.