hybrid block the all-in-one crypto trading ecosystem official whitepaper first published november last updated version contents abstract introduction basetrade(tm), hybridexchange(tm) hybridterminal(tm) hybridwallet(tm) hybridfx(tm) enhancing global economies strategic markets products basetrade(tm) hybridexchange(tm) hybridterminal(tm) advantages data feed hybridcentral(tm): mobile app hybridfx(tm) introduction hybridfx(tm) hybridfx(tm) structure reserve audits technology hybridfx(tm) token lifecycle page proof reserves process use cases role developing economies market efficiency mechanism hybridwallet(tm) hybridtoken(tm) transaction fees services token trading token distribution use proceeds token storage and security roadmap team advisors partners legal abstract stand the edge precipice. while the world-at-large isn't fully aware yet, people close the blockchain community can feel the pending revolution. but this isn't sad revolution. it's joyous one. throughout human history, we've seen the baton power seized distinct players across the shifting eras our evolution. from churches, monarchs, banks, corporations, and now--to the 'collective individual.' never before has there been system that can fuel independent power, somewhat ironically, through the consensus strangers who are all part the same grand, decentralized ecosystem. never before has the prospect borderless banking for the billions unbanked people thirdworld countries been potential reality. but here are the precipice, staring the opportunity across the chasm. any paradigm-shifting revolution takes time, and comes with seemingly insurmountable hurdles overcome. how educate the world bring them past the fear hackers and the dark web? how we, from technology perspective, responsibly scale system with central leader? how enable the poor farmer africa instantly and freely receive currency from his son south america, while also allowing big corporations adopt the technology enterprise scale? these questions are already being addressed and answered army blockchain enthusiasts. the community hard work, building bridge cross the canyon. and we're excited say that hybridblock playing critical role forming the foundation that bridge. hybridblock building ecosystem that seeks bring million new people into the blockchain network over the next three years. we're mapping out our lofty goals and partnering with the smartest people the planet execute our vision. our education platform, hybridcentral(tm), will onboard new folks from around the globe into the blockchain economy. parallel, our all-in-one trading ecosystem will bring full suite trading tools blockchain's burgeoning infrastructure, serving beginners (basetrade(tm)), intermediate traders (hybridexchange(tm)), and professionals (hybridterminal(tm)). with former olympic champion, whitehouse official, investment bankers, and wall street quants forming our core team, are poised and ready bring our society into new era global freedom. you can see the precipice front you, and want all land safely the other side, you should consider supporting hybridblock. invite you become active participant our story, and among the first pioneers cross the bridge. introduction thank you for your continuing support the hybridblock project. are very much looking forward the public sale the hybridblock tokens may important ensure that our operations comply with all applicable laws and regulations. light the ever-changing and uncertain regulatory position towards cryptocurrency and cryptographic tokens number jurisdictions, after careful deliberation, have decided issue the tokens from and set our exchange malta with our malta based company, hybrid trade limited. believe that malta will the best location serve token holders going forward, virtual financial asset (including cryptocurrency) framework expected implemented during the third quarter basetrade(tm), hybridexchange(tm), hybridterminal(tm) have three distinct trading products that cater any individual from the most junior most senior. page basetrade(tm) easy-to-use cryptocurrency platform, where you can buy and sell, along with exchange and wallet with funding options tailored each country which operate. hybridexchange(tm) our consumer platform, which will allow traders provide liquidity our target markets. this platform will provide full order book designated markets and currency pairs, well provide traders with access third party cryptocurrency exchanges within sin-gle interface. our focus optimize liquidity being offered our platform. hybridterminal(tm) addition our web client, are working release desktop trading ter-minal that connects ours and our partner's apis. please note that hybridterminal scheduled released two months after basetrade and hybridexchange. while operate complex regulatory environment, our expectation work alongside individual governments order obtain the necessary licensing for our operations, primarily malta and southeast asia. hybridwallet(tm) (please note that hybridwallet and hfx not part the hyb token generation event and they will not offered part the current hyb open token sale. more details including timeline will provided separate and subsequent whitepaper specifically for the hfx project. the hyb token not any way connected the hfx token). hybridwallet(tm) being built free, open source mobile wallet for storing and transacting hybrid block tokens according the ethereum erc standard. additionally, will able store fiatcurrency backed token called hybridfx (hfxs). hybridwallet client-side interface that interacts with the ethereum blockchain. once downloaded onto user's cell phone, she can easily receive, store and send hybridblock(tm) tokens hfxs any supported fiat currency. while the wallet fundamentally cryptocurrency wallet, the hybridwallet(tm) application has the ability act alternative bank account for anyone globally. hybridfx(tm) (please note that hybridfx(tm) not part the hyb token generation event and they will not offered part the current hyb open token sale. more details including timeline will provided separate and subsequent whitepaper specifically for the hfx project. the hyb token not any way connected the hfx token). hybridfx(tm) enables the creation digital tokens backed fiat currency. these fiat-backed tokens provide individuals and organizations with robust and decentralized method exchanging value while using familiar unit accounting. blockchain plays vital role this technology, providing auditable and cryptographically secure global ledger. asset-backed token issuers and other market participants can take advantage blockchain technology, along with embedded consensus systems, transact familiar, less volatile currencies and assets. order maintain accountability and ensure stability exchange price, propose method maintain one-to-one reserve ratio between cryptocurrency token, called hfx, and its associated real-world asset, fiat currency. this method uses the ethereum blockchain, proof reserves and regular audits accounting firms help prove that issued tokens are properly backed with sufficient reserves all times. page enhancing global economies blockchain technology beginning revolution-ize nearly every aspect daily life. while crypto-currencies like bitcoin are becoming household names, the community faces two major obsta-cles. first, create informative and engaging education systems, and second, introduce user-friendly, secure and robust trading plat-forms buy, use, and sell cryptocurrencies with actual realized liquidity. tailoring education and trading platforms the newest members the cryptocurrency community while also developing more advanced capabilities and features for experts execute highly technical trades, hybridblock(tm) aims promote mass adoption across the globe solving these two major ob-stacles. overcome the first obstacle, hybridblock(tm) educating the masses through central educa-tion and community hub for blockchain and cryptocurrency communities called hybridcentral(tm), exchange, share and grow their understanding the space. today, cryptocurrency and block-chain community interactions are spread across various websites and applications. creating central hub for the community, hybridblock(tm) making easy for millions people access these various portals from one central application. overcoming the second obstacle involves creating globally linked exchange for cryptocurrencies that fast, secure, and focused consumer-friendly experience. with one exchange being the global leader, liquidity and pricing can vary greatly from one exchange another. incorporating order books from numerous regionally focused exchanges, hybridexchange's trading engine will house global order book that offers the best pricing and highest levels liquidity. additionally, basetrade will the first cryptocurrency buying and selling platform incorporate online shopping cart. hybridblock users will the first experience the ease and security online retail shopping the cryptocurrency marketplace. often, users don't have access other international exchanges and have multiple wallets for each exchange. order give users, the flexibility access major global exchanges trade the most competitive pricing around the world, hybridblock(tm) developing exchange that interfaces with these numerous global exchanges. hybridblock(tm) aims also focus the problem that exists within the markets non-major currency holders, providing entry-point liquidity the crypto market. strategic markets one hybrid's advantages its established network within its target markets, primarily asia. hybridblock(tm) has longstanding relationships with multiple governments and industry regulators, including malta, the philippines, malaysia, labuan, singapore, hong kong, korea, taiwan, and provincial governments large cities china. page products the hybridblock(tm) ecosystem consists basetrade(tm), the web-based hybridexchange(tm) and the standalone platform hybridterminal(tm), hybrid data feed, and hybridcentral(tm), educational community platform. order execute the build out these platforms, have assembled team comprised experienced trading system professionals from both the cryptocurrency industry and non-crypto wall street markets. basetrade basetrade(tm) platform that supports the wider hybridblock(tm) ecosystem creating the easiest way for consumers enter the cryptocurrency market. consumers are able access our platform, and within few moments confirming their identity, can begin purchase some the most popular cryptocurrencies the market. this process aims solve the problems that mass markets face page adopting and accessing cryptocurrency. "how can buy cryptocurrency?" basetrade(tm) will provide the simplest on-ramp into the market through easy-to-use interface. you will able buy sell multiple cryptocurrencies via "shopping cart" allowing you complete the transactions one execution, industry first. while are aware that buying and selling cryptocurrencies for the first time can intimidating, basetrade(tm) aim make this process simple providing team support specialists. they will available phone chat, multiple languages, make the onboard process seamless possible. basetrade(tm) the world's simplest way buy, sell, store and use cryptocurrencies. additionally, basetrade(tm) creating best class, compliance, and fraud prevention team give consumers better confidence and transparency. hybridexchange(tm) hybridexchange(tm) web-based product with intuitive interface that enables users participate our designated markets. this product designed with the casual intermediate user mind. after signing and becoming verified, users can fund and manage their accounts. will offer order books several cryptocurrency markets, including several individual regions asia hybridexchange(tm) has been designed interface across multiple partner exchanges, where liquidity can integrated into our order books, ensuring that our markets remain competitive and users receive the best pricing possible. the hybridexchange(tm) platform designed provide both smart order routing and order routing select third party exchanges order provide much flexibility users possible. page dashboard features the dashboard features the hybridexchange(tm) platform can minimized depending one's personal needs. there will built functionality for advanced users, but the platform can customized order simplified for users who not need advanced features. trade center users hybridexchange(tm) can place market and limit order via our platform's trade center. buy and sell orders are the basic orders that will supported launch, while expect offer advanced order types the future. order book the order book feature will show you the depth the market bids and offers easy follow format and customizable views. order books can displayed for each currency pair offered our platform, with without smart order routing. chart the chart feature will provide candlestick chart analysis your digital assets and can varying time intervals. from full day, full week full month intervals ranging from minute hour. position summary through the position summary, users have the ability see performance information for their open trading positions, including unrealized profit and loss. page hybridterminal(tm) (please note that hybridterminal(tm) feature that will made available later date announced hybrid.) hybridterminal(tm) the world's first standalone terminal specializing cryptocurrency trading. institutions and professionals can access the world's first direct access platform with direct routing all the major destinations and advanced low latency execution with optimized level quote messaging system. executions window see the margin requirements any open orders and trades each underlying cryptocurrency. see all trades broken down individual fill. our platform provides traders with real time quote feeds from all the major exchanges and get depth look liquidity every price level. aggregated level allows you see the buyers and sellers the cryptocurrency, such bitcoin, without having pull separate quotes from different exchanges. now you can see everything under one symbol. bitcoin btc. ethereum eth for example rather than having eth-kraken:usd being separate symbol from eth-bitfinex:usd. page hybridterminal(tm) features transparent quote and routing configurations that allows everyone see the same data the same time, impartial preferencing that typically arises all data was relied from one web-based exchange market vendor. the platform windows-based software that allows have the stability and speed needed process data real time with minimal user input latency and can avoid the overall lag that commonly seen from web-based exchanges and trading systems. aggregate level allows traders see buyers and sellers from all the market participants without having pull separate quotes from the different exchanges. each quote extracted independently direct from the source and allows for easy additions new market vendors new variations exchanges start evolve historical intraday charting allows full control technical analysis and the ability fully customize the charting experience all real time with minimized delay from the quote vendor. customized order routing will revolutionary routing system that allows for the trader set customized orders directly with the route venue while giving full control smart routing options for traders seeking using our technology access the best market prices. customized layouts allow the trader save and configure multiple personalized screen layouts. the layouts can pan across monitors with minimal lag issues that arise with web-based applications. the only limitations would the trader's configurations available memory and cpu speed. historical intraday chart data order routing gives full control with the destinations every order and set customized orders directly with the route venue such option available. advanced crypto trading strategies such advanced stops. tick tick time and sales platform allows you configure personalized screen layouts. each layout can stretch across monitors and you can switch between layouts with the click button. route your orders directly the major market centers, exchanges, ats. customization hotkeys for fast trigger orders. advantages ease use major goal for the hybridterminal(tm) platform will provide feature-rich trading platform with easy use interface. the objective deliver traders with performance and functionality they need competitive the current market conditions. cryptocurrency professional trading platform that reliable, safe and fast. the platform will allow traders not only automate their order and execution flow with distinct entry rules (buy/sell signals), exit rules (signals when close current positions), position sizing (defining buy/sell quantities), but also monitor real-time data feed apis which curate market and network data showing market caps, liquidity and depth. users will have access customized activity reports, view detailed information about their account activity including positions, balances, transactions and more. they will able run trade confirmation reports view all executions. page optimal pricing will seek provide optimal pricing, when possible, across the entire hybridterminal(tm) platform. our aggregation third party order books will potentially one strategy that employ offer optimal price our users. cryptocurrency support hybridterminal(tm) will provide support for variety cryptocurrencies and tokens, including but not limited the hybridblock(tm) token, hybridfx(tm) (hfx), bitcoin (btc), bitcoin cash (bch), ethereum (eth), litecoin (ltc), ripple (xrp), dash (dash), stratis (strat) and other digital currencies single platform. security the hybridterminal(tm) platform architected with strong focus security. given the nature cryptographically-constructed currency and tokens, security important element our long-term success. our platform security will involve every layer our system architecture, and the user side, will support two- factor authentication using totp (time-based one time password). hybridterminal(tm) uses multi-tiered server architecture with complex credentials ensure server integrity. all user requests will filtered and monitored the frontend and backend our system for xss, csrf, clickjacking, session impersonation attacks and more. hybridterminal(tm) will hosted tier one datacenters and will follow all industry standard web and desktop application security best practices. all servers will protected web application firewalls protected from advanced persistent threats (apts), ddos attacks and dns-level attacks provide our service availability and performance. data feed (please note that data feed feature that will made available later date announced hybrid.) our data feed service will provide fast and reliable market data our customers that seek api connectivity well institutions and/or market makers that recognize the need for quality data order effectively participate our traded markets. will provide feed from our own order book, which will also consolidate feeds from other select partner exchanges from which will provide liquidity our own order book. page hybridcentral(tm) mobile app hybridcentral(tm) hybridcentral(tm) education application that will onboard new cryptocurrency users through easy follow education modules. the application provides education ecosystem cryptocurrency and blockchain technology and includes hybridacademy(tm) and various community channels. students are taken through engaging educational experience that easily guides them through basic cryptocurrency and blockchain lessons, helps with purchasing and trading their first piece cryptocurrency and facilitates participation the global blockchain community. hybridacademy(tm) cryptocurrency and blockchain based training content, called hybridacademy(tm), uses bit-emodule (bit-e) education techniques focused presenting short, simple, and focused lessons utilizing mainstream celebrities, recognized blockchain experts and other keynote speakers short video presentations. students are incentivized participate daily through gamified learning system based rewards and achievements linked successful completion specific tasks and participation the community. hybrid channels social media influencers, advanced traders, event organizers and many more can participate hybridcentral(tm) "channels" through engaging social platform. through these channels, students can gain more insight into specific topics the blockchain space. whether you want build your first mining rig, build your network upcoming cryptocurrency conference engage with your favorite cryptocurrency trader (and much more), hybridchannels not only empower newcomers the blockchain space connect with the community, offers platform for the blockchain community engage with newcomers. page premium content utilizing the hybridblock(tm) token, students can access more advanced training, other premium content and features. whether it's the latest reviews the hottest initial coin offerings, advanced day-trading methods and secrets, exclusive discount offers, students can choose their level involvement utilizing the hybridblock(tm) token unlock exclusive application content. page hybrid quite simply hybridfx(tm) will responsible for creating digital token that backed fiat currency. these fiat-backed tokens will provide individuals and organizations with robust and decentralized method exchanging value while using familiar unit accounting. blockchain plays vital role this technology, providing auditable and cryptographically secure global ledger. asset-backed token issuers and other market participants can take advantage blockchain technology, along with embedded consensus systems, transact familiar, less volatile currencies and assets. order maintain accountability and ensure stability exchange price, propose method maintain one-to-one reserve ratio between cryptocurrency token, called hfxs, and its associated real-world asset, fiat currency. this method uses the ethereum blockchain, proof reserves, and reg-ular audits globally-recognized accounting firms prove that issued tokens are properly backed with sufficient reserves all times. introduction hybridfx(tm) (please note that hfx not part the hyb token generation event and will not offered part the current hyb open token sale and could subject change. more details including time-line will provided separate and subsequent whitepaper specifically for the hfx project. the hyb token not any way connected the hfx token). there exists vast array assets the world which people freely choose store value, transactional medium, investment. believe the ethereum blockchain better than established financial technology systems for transacting, storing and accounting for these assets. most estimates measure global wealth around trillion with much that being held banks similar financial institutions. the migration these assets into the hybridfx(tm) represents potentially significant shift how value stored and transferred. looking back, bitcoin created new class digital currency with several points value. some the primary advantages bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies include low transaction costs, international borderless transferability and convertibility, trustless ownership and exchange and realtime transparency. many onlookers have pointed out drawbacks cryptocurrencies, too, with one common explanations for the limited mainstream use cryptocurrencies being their sometimesvolatile price swings. hybridfx solution this volatility, bringing the benefits cryptocurrencies main-stream consumers while protecting them from undesirable shifts value. page hybridfx(tm) structure (please note that hfx not part the hyb token generation event and will not offered part the current hyb open token sale and could subject change. more details including time-line will provided separate and subsequent whitepaper specifically for the hfx project. the hyb token not any way connected the hfx token). our proposed solution, fiat-pegged cryptocurrencies are called hfxs. all hfxs will issued the ethereum blockchain and will exist erc token. addition each hfx token, have created global erc token, the hybrid token, that will used payment fee for hfx transactions. the future hybrid tokens will also act base currency purchase hfx tokens our trading platform. each hfx unit issued into circulation will backed one-to-one ratio (e.g. one hfx:eur will backed one euro) the corresponding fiat currency unit held deposit account controlled hybrid. hybrid's intention that hfxs will fully redeemable/exchangeable any time for the underlying fiat currency, the holder prefers, the equivalent spot value hybrid token. once hfx has been issued, can stored and transferred the same way any other cryptocurrency. this process, the fiat currency reserve gains the properties cryptocurrency, with the primary difference being that its price will permanently pegged the price the underlying fiat currency. reserve audits any given time, the balance fiat currency held the proposed reserves will equal (or greater than) the number hfxs circulation. order create verifiable confidence the system, proof reserves process will combined with monthly audits third-party accounting firm. this regular audit process fundamental maintaining the price-parity between hfxs circulation and the underlying fiat currency held reserves. recognize that our implementation isn't perfectly decentralized, since hybridblock(tm) proposes and must act centralized custodian reserve assets (while hfxs circulation will exist decentralized digital currency). however, believe the proposed hybridfx implementation the only achievable solution given current banking technology and will subsequently support the growth the ethereum blockchain over the long run. technology the hybridfx(tm) will composed several layers that, together, will enable our decentralized hfx tokens function. the following review each proposed layer. page the first layer the ethereum blockchain. the hfx transactional ledger will embedded the ethereum blockchain part the erc- token standard. the second layer hybridwallet(tm), web wallet which will allow users buy, sell, send, store and receive hfx tokens conveniently. the third layer will our transactional platform primarily responsible for: accepting fiat deposits and issuing the corresponding hfx tokens sending fiat withdrawals and revoking the corresponding hfx tokens hybridfx(tm) token lifecycle there are five phases the lifecycle hybridfx(tm) token. (please note that hybridwallet and hfx not part the hyb token generation event and they will not offered part the current hyb open token sale. more details including timeline will provided separate and subsequent whitepaper specifically for the hfx project. the hyb token not any way connected the hfx token). once hfx circulation, users can obtain outside the aforementioned process via exchange directly from another hfx owner. proof reserves process insolvency has occurred numerous times the cryptocurrency ecosystem, either through hacks, mismanagement fraud. cryptocurrency users must therefore diligent with their counterparty selection and play active role the oversight exchanges and other trusted parties. the proof reserves model behind hybridfx(tm) simplifies the process proving that the total number hfxs circulation (liabilities) are always fully backed equal amount underlying fiat currency held reserve (assets). our configuration, each hfx:eur circulation represents eur eur held our bank reserve. the sum all hfxs existence for given currency any point time always equal the fiat balance the reserve bank account. users will able view this information from transparency page. use cases hybridfx(tm) will potentially play role both the cryptocurrency ecosystem and economic trading globally. have outlined several parties that believe will benefit from hybridfx(tm) into individual user groups. cryptocurrency exchanges operators cryptocurrency exchanges understand that fiat deposits and withdrawals completed through the traditional banking system can challenging, slow, risky and expensive. accepting hfxs deposit and withdrawal funding option, exchange can relieve themselves these complications. hfx tokens potentially will provide exchanges with several benefits, too, such as: page fiat deposits being cleared and settled quickly (same day) maintenance banking relationships moved hybridfx(tm) easily add new fiat currencies trading pairs conduct audits more easily through purely cryptographic process hfxs are accepted across more exchanges, their utility will increase. once hfx usage achieves critical mass, exchanges that not accept hfxs fiat funding option would have disadvantage, particularly given the value their fpotentially faster transfer times the ethereum network. traders cryptocurrency traders operate fast-moving market, where global competition requires them seek out advantages that enhance their trade execution and lower their costs. hybridfx(tm) will offer several advantages traders who must compete global and fast-moving market conditions: fiat will able transferred between exchanges minutes, unlike bank transfer costs associated with bank transfers (particularly international wires) will eliminated counterparty risk associated with unaudited bank reserves potentially will eliminated working capital for bank transfer waiting periods longer necessary consumers the long-term focus hybridfx(tm) ultimately benefit consumers. hfx tokens can created many fiat currency denominations, and once the hybridfx(tm), the underlying fiat currency can transferred between any erc- compliant wallet. this potentially removes the need for bank transfers, cash, credit cards and payment apps. other benefits consumers include: hfx could held alternative cash the future there could need open bank account store money consumers could store fiat value securing one's own private keys, desired merchants when comes payments, merchants consistently receive losing deal. believe that hybridfx(tm) will able help merchants sell their products lower operating cost and with greater autonomy. the following are some the potential advantages that hybridfx will provide merchants: digital payments will received without credit card fees system will prevent fraud resulting from charge-backs money hybridfx(tm) will transferred faster than funds bank account can transferred currently, particularly global setting decentralized nature the proposed network will reduce the merchants' reliance banks with both consumers and merchants benefiting from the hybridfx(tm) the future, especially the developing nations are targeting, believe that our ecosystem will have powerful mechanism find sustained growth these economies. page role developing economies the world has seen drastic advancements cryptography and computing power over the last few decades, and cryptocurrency has come alongside this advancement. bitcoin, developed has become the vanguard cryptocurrencies and the most widely adopted date. some attention has been placed bitcoin's ability reduce the need for trusted financial institutions developing nations. however, the uncertainty surrounding bitcoin's wild volatility has been ongoing barrier widespread adoption the developing world. for that reason, solution that provides the benefits cryptocurrency with the localized stability fiat currency has the potential disrupt financial systems and place financial autonomy into the hands individuals. hybridfx(tm) has the potential fill this role. approximately billion adults the world are unbanked and are completely cut off from the benefits that financial services offer. these people cannot open savings accounts use credit cards, and are generally excluded from the global financial system. cash and other commodities become the only store value for these individuals, making more difficult store and transfer value between parties without physical meeting. bringing the unbanked into the hybridfx(tm) ecosystem, which can accessed through their cell phones, would not only provide the benefits bank account, but account with negligible fees. small businesses developing nations will have the opportunity receive similar benefits, gaining access technology that provides better place store their funds and low-cost transactions. market efficiency mechanism the hybridfx(tm), which intends issue fiat-backed hfx tokens, could play role both domestic and international markets. the primary focus the hybridfx(tm) description this whitepaper has been its impact domestic markets. over the long term, hfx tokens will have the ability play considerable role foreign exchange (forex) transactions. within this global forex setting, participants will able choose exchange hfxs one fiat currency into hfxs another fiat currency. hybridfx(tm) will built support these transactions, and potentially ensure that participants receive the best exchange rate possible. while users have the option withdraw fiat from our platform and exchange into another currency through their bank, believe that hybridfx(tm) will able create more efficient markets for this need. rather than complete forex transaction through intermediary, users could potentially perform exchange through hfx currency pairs. simplified example, individual that wants exchange philippine pesos (php) japanese yen (jpy) will able simultaneously place php/hfx sell order and jpy/hfx buy order. this transaction would executed automatically behind the scenes. page hybridwallet(tm) hybridwallet(tm) being built free, open source, client-side mobile wallet for storing and transacting with hfxs and the ethereum blockchain. once downloaded onto user's cell phone, they will able easily receive, store and send hfxs any supported fiat currency. while the wallet will fundamentally cryptocurrency wallet, the hybridwallet(tm) application will have the ability act alternative bank account for anyone globally. the previous section, discussed hybridfx(tm), which will enable the creation fiat-backed cryptocurrency tokens called hfxs. once the hfxs are created and subsequently issued the network, they will able transferred between erc compliant ethereum wallets. hybridwallet(tm) will serve such wallet specifically tailored towards the hybridfx(tm) ecosystem. while hybridwallet(tm) will built according wider erc standard, its user-facing implementation will focus the fiat denomination hfxs. effect, users will able transact through blockchain technology their local fiat currency. this has benefit over existing bitcoin, ethereum and other cryptocurrency wallets, which force non-technical users endure fluctuations cryptocurrency prices. not believe that this desirable characteristic for users that not understand cryptocurrency markets, and have strived create platform that ideal for users developing countries. hybridwallet(tm) has the potential eventually enable fully cashless societies. (please note that hybirdwallet not part the hyb token generation event and will not offered part the current hyb open token sale and could subject change. more details including time-line will provided separate and subsequent whitepaper specifically for the entire hfx project which hybridwallet part of). page hybridtoken(tm) hybridblock(tm) has created the hybrid token, which plays pivotal role the functioning hybridnetwork(tm). additionally, hybridtoken(tm) owners will receive, discounted fees, exclusive access new products and services, and opportunities invest future ico/token sales that hybridblock(tm) will launch. hybrid tokens serve three primary functions: payment transaction fees and for all services within our blockchain network provide exclusive access specialized products and services tradable cryptocurrency token available the open market transaction fees services transactions the hybrid token will the payment unit for network transactions hybridfx(tm). this fee akin gas that paid the ethereum network. network transaction volume hfx tokens grows, will the transaction volume hybrid tokens paid transactions fees the network. hybridcentral(tm) users will able pay for premium content, including our hybridacademy(tm) learning modules, through our education and social application. all payment will paid hybrid tokens. hybridexchange(tm) hybridterminal(tm) hybrid tokens will used for services provided the hybridexchange(tm) and hybridterminal(tm). this will cover fees, and access the hybridterminal(tm) via monthly payment hybrid tokens. token trading hybrid tokens will tradable hybrid's trading platforms, and other exchanges. having hybrid tokens listed multiple exchanges provides liquidity the market. page token distribution marketing, partners, bounty team advisors token sale selling tokens ($mn usd). presale discount. token allocation pre-sale and open token sale- hybridblock(tm) has already received investment from strategic partners order begin the development our ecosystem and specifically our hybridterminal platforms. tokens will sold via dart for the pre-sale, followed public crowd sale. team and advisors this pool will also account for the founding team and advisors. marketing, bounty and strategic partnerships the marketing pool will used increase awareness our products and ecosystem. minimum the total token pool will applied the "bounty program". bounty tokens will held reserve incentivize bug bounties for the hybridblock(tm) smart contract find potential bugs. open token sale pricing schedule the open token sale (ots) will done through the issuance hybridblock(tm) tokens generated erc smart contract via the ethereum network may the pricing for the hybridblock(tm) tokens the ots will $.usd per token eth btc based eth/usd btc/ usd time stamped price eth btc time arrival the official hybridblock eth btc wallet addresses. any the hybridblock(tm) tokens offered the ots are not sold, then the remaining ots hybridblock(tm) tokens will destroyed. tokens will distributed through the hybridexchange(tm) platform the date token distribution, the timing which will confirmed hybrid. this eliminates the need for users use multiple wallets and pro-vides gateway immediate trading our platform. page use proceeds exchange-based liquidity (%) product development (%) strategic partnerships (%) operations (%) legal regulations (%) token storage and security multiple multi-signature trezor hardware wallets for cold storage tokens and funds raised during sale will used mitigate the risk loss funds raised. page roadmap r&d march hybridblock(tm) concept may whitepaper draft july website launch july hybridblock press conference, hong kong september hybridblock pre-launch conference, penang, malaysia october hybridblock pre-launch conference, macau october official whitepaper release november hybridcentral(tm) beta december hybrid summit macau december token pre-sale january hybrid forum manila, philippines january hybrid forum kuala lumpur, malaysia january open token sale (public) may basetrade(tm) beta hybridexchange(tm) beta june hybridterminal(tm) beta, hybridfx(tm) september hybridfx(tm) product launch confirmed hybrid separately page team hybrid has brought together world class team, with years experience traditional finance, operation clearing houses, cryptocurrency exchanges, and development. experience across all these sectors being brought together singular team creates the ability deliver these products this ecosystem very high level. apolo ohno co-founder apolo ohno the co-founder hybridblock(tm). early blockchain and cryptocurrency advocate since investor. ohno's -year experience becoming olympic champion direct result his extreme winning mentality. the tools that have driven him success both and off the olympic stage have transcended into the business world. his work ethic and passion are infectious, driving his mission simplifying the adoption and onboarding process into the cryptocurrency sphere. ohno's vision onboard over million new participants into the cryptocurrency world via the hybridblock(tm) ecosystem, through simplifying and educating the retail market. ohno's experience working with the world's most recognizable and sizable companies, brands, executives and political leaders have given hybridblock unique access audience that critical the ongoing growth the company. america's most decorated winter olympic athlete all time, ohno studied philosophy, psychology, and international business the university colorado springs. having co-founded allysian sciences, international plant based nutrient company with focus the brain, apolo was able gain real foothold asia. believe that can positively impact millions people around the globe via crypto and blockchain technology" rod jao co-founder the co-founder hybridblock(tm) rod believes that proper education the key truly unlocking the potential and adoption blockchain technologies. rod jao's previous and current experience president privately held investment company brings tremendous value hybridblock(tm). his background included invest- page ing and holding interests commercial and residential real estate projects and, through its venture capital arm, seeding and funding opportunities technology, manufacturing, food and beverage and telecommunications sectors. his diverse and successful background also includes software development, m&a, private equity, and one the youngest achieve the highest accolades network marketing company the age mr. jao's strength asia, being influential and critical the opening several key international markets and amassing global network contacts that are critical the development and implementation marketing strategies. his experience from countless speaking engagements tens thousands people around the world and his expertise bringing them together and putting them into diverse programs has been invaluable onboarding masses people into emerging technologies. rod's experience includes being co-founder allysian, plant-based nutrition company with focus brain health. shows his passion for people, health and wellness. very proud the positive impact that allysian sciences making around the world. jonathan bates ceo/chairman jonathan bates the ceo and chairman hybridblock(tm), revolutionary cryptocurrency exchange and trading platform that provides users the fastest, most reliable tools order benefit their holdings. hybridblock(tm) benefits from jonathan's deep understanding regulatory, government oversight, financial technology, and big bank initiatives pave the way. having spent years the financial industry managing director morgan and previously served senior vice president citigroup. his successful career extends further with prior work director barclays investment bank, and smith barney focusing wealth management, and institu-tional sales. jonathan has deep understanding institutional trading environments and multi-asset portfolios. jonathan weinberger principle economic advisor mr. weinberger has been innovation and technology alliance automobile manufacturers inc since september was executive secretary and associate general counsel the white house office the u.s. trade representative from from mr. weinberger served the u.s. treasury department serving executive secretary the treasury under both secretary snow and secretary paulson. additionally, has served directly under six cabinet members various positions. received his bachelors degree from the johns hopkins university also earned masters degree u.s. foreign policy from the elliott school international affairs george washington university juris doctor degree from the washington college law american university and masters law (ll.m) international finance and national security law with distinction from the georgetown university law center page luther jao| managing director asia operations luther jao the managing director for hybridblock's asia operations. brings decades experience various industries including, fintech, finance and lending, bpos, and various entrepreneurial projects. luther co-founded datamat philippines inc. datamat supplied the philippine stock exchange with proprietary front-end trading gateway and gained substantial market share both local and international broker equities front end systems. datamat was acquired computershare technology services, the largest share registry the world, and for years, luther served the managing director for computeshares operations the philippines. during his time computershare, luther oversaw the sales computershare exchange systems all over southeast asia, including supplying the stock exchange thailand with market surveillance system and the philippine dealing and exchange corporation trading system for its fixed income exchange. luther co-founded and headed operations credit finance company, finance company that partnered with western union outlets simplify the process and the availability personalized short-term loans available more filipinos. luther brings his vast entrepreneurial experience operations and fintech, focused southeast asia, the hybridblock team. carson knuth operations carson knuth co-founded leet with focus the integration bitcoin into popular esports titles. leet pioneered the introduction esports into casino environments, operating the first esports lounge casino floor las vegas. leet was acquired unikrn carson also co-founded rogue sports, las vegas based esports organization partnered with grammy-nominated and producer steve aoki. sung cho technology innovation officer sung graduated from carnegie mellon university with degree computer engineering and minor finance. immediately following graduation, cofounded group, stock trading firm that provided transparent routing and clearing services wide range consumers from active traders api clients. his company cleared high amounts volume for many well-known u.s. trading firms. his trading expertise turned cryptocurrency deeply involved translating wall street trading technologies into the cryptocurrency space today. sung co-founded highly successful cryp-tocurrency trading fund that utilizes his advanced trading technology and expertise. page brian kang business development brian has worked business development for one the largest internet privacy firms, and served early investor various cryptocurrencies and icos. has headed joint venture with top blockchain fintech company and operated successful mining operation and cryptocurrency investment fund. jeff dubinsky marketing jeff graduated from the u.s. naval academy and expects graduate from harvard university with his thesis cryptocurrency and blockchain technology. naval officer, led training and curriculum development for the pacific fleet, served with the united nations south korea and completed two operational deployments cruise missile officer and liaison officer marine infantry unit. formally, was the director operations rogue sports and conducts research for major cryptocurrency investment fund. andrey goncharenko project manager andrew goncharenko project manager with more than years relevant experience high load international projects. andrew has good understanding banking systems, trading platforms, and crypto markets. has more than years experience day trader nyse and crypto markets. graduated from the nation aviation university with master's degree management and information security. oleg shevchuk backend lead during his career, oleg has successfully closed more projects. well known all over ukraine high-quality specialist, oleg now become lead our back-end team. are totally sure that under his mastermind our back-end team will create unique innovated product. oleg now looks into the future and find cryptocurrency markets one the most innovating spheres for his further grows. legor ukhanov backend developer the field since legor took part number high-load projects, which led and created from scratch. has rich experience practical tasks solutions for millionaire projects. interest crypto markets emerged legor particularly interested the practical part using blockchain technologies high-load projects. page anatoliy velikokhatskiy quality assurance anatoliy velikokhatskiy has years experience web and desktop enterprise solutions testing. establishing processes and ensuring their compliance during sdlc. experienced end-to-end testing solutions that consist multiple products (back-end/ front-end/ integration level). anatoliy good load and security penetration testing. andrey porubyanskiy frontend lead andrey (andrew) first and foremost full stack .net developer with over decade experience not only coding but also fully qualified project manager. andrew graduated from the nation aerospace university "kharkov aviation institute" with master's degree system programming. beyond programming and project management, andrew skill sets include being fully certified sql, sql, azure sql, oracle, scrum, and system architecture and design. page advisors reeve collins serial entrepreneur the digital media space, mr. collins has paved the way online advertising popularizing the method media buying known arbitrage. always the cutting edge technology, mr. collins has been pioneer the bitcoin/blockchain space and was co-founder and ceo tether and blockv. his efforts revolutionized the way currency transacted creating the world's first fiat currency platform the bitcoin blockchain. just over one year from inception, tether was acquired bitfinex the world's largest bitcoin exchange. florian rais mr. florian rais the founder far investments, specialized boutique firm focused innovative and disruptive technology. rais has disrupted multiple sectors business including real estate, infrastructure, logistics, and materials. florian, co-founded clos belmont finance sa. from was senior investment manager with pictet investment company ltd. scholar with passion for new age technology, director tsx listed argex titanium, and was the chief commercial officer aim listed london capital group, cutting edge online trading platform the uk. florian graduated with and mba from the university lausanne business school with specialization finance and corporate management. steven cody reynolds steven brings his extensive leadership experience from the military and financial services sectors bear the unique challenges surrounding the digital asset space. steve has extensive experience business development, communications, public relations, and crisis management. his steady hand helped guide binance through period explosive growth and uncertainty all while managing their customer facing communications and media channels. his online presence during hours facilitated binance's rapid rise the exchange the world. page andrew donley andrew donley the senior software architect unikrn where responsible for the design and implementation the token and smart contract creation for the recent unikoin gold token sale. prior unikrn andrew served the cto for multiple blockchain companies, including leet, which was acquired unikrn, and bitmesh. simon bogdanowicz simon bogdanowicz the founding partner blockteam, strategic ico advisory firm that offers tactical support marketing, fundraising, community-building and corporate development. also advisor shipchain, blockchain platform revolutionizing the trillion shipping and logistics industry. previously, simon was the head business development for shipchain and helped the company reach its fundraising goal million. simon also the co-founder launchteam, international marketing agency for successful entrepreneurs and thought-leaders. before co-founding launchteam, simon worked for world-leading technology companies, including thomson reuters and selligent, where led business development efforts for enterprise technology solutions focusing the fortune few the companies that he's worked with include netflix, unitedhealth group, fedex, viacom, office depot and raymond james. prior his time enterprise technology, simon worked m&a investment banker for the royal bank canada, the largest bank the world. jesse tevelow jesse founding partner blockteam ventures, crypto investment fund that provides strategic support for blockchain tech companies. he's also the cofounder marketing firm called launchteam, and three-time bestselling author. jesse ran branding and design efforts shipchain, blockchain-enabled transport and logistics company that raised million earlier his career, jesse graduated from the inaugural class techstars (), cofounding game company that leveraged digital currencies generate millions dollars annual revenues. henok "hen" tekle henok "hen" tekle founding partner alphachain, ico advisory and investment firm. notable blockchain angel investor, advisor, content creator and public speaker, hen regularly speaks about cryptocurrency and icos conferences around the world and has raised and invested millions dollars into early stage blockchain projects. page sishir varghese co-founder and managing partner alphachain, ico advisory and investment firm. sishir focused building decentralized economy supporting the creation and growth substantiated projects. sishir has guided and supported several tokenization ventures and continues advocate for new internet value. seonik jeon seonik jeon, founder factblock, set his footprints the financial world head reporter for the financial, industrial, and international departments the prominent prestigious korean business newspaper financial news. mr. jeon, avid proponent blockchain, has religiously advocated the importance delivering accurate content his readers. mr. jeon was deeply disappointed see the cases international damage suffered from asymmetric information scams. hence, founded the factblock. the factblock provides accurate ico information from top leading analysts and investors. the factblock intends launch the world's premier blockchain forum and hold groundbreaking ico conferences south korea and throughout the entire asian continent. mr. jeon plans continue put his every effort help develop the blockchain industry, but with great sense responsibility. sheldon inwentash sheldon inwentash, serial entrepreneur, chairman and chief executive officer threed capital inc., toronto-based venture capital firm specializing investments the junior resource, blockchain and artificial intelligence sectors. mr. inwentash has more than years investing experience and has been instrumental raising billion for his portfolio companies over the last years. co-founded visible genetics, the first commercial pharmacogenomics company, and exited bayer. through two decades leading pinetree capital, mr. inwentash created significant shareholder value through early investments queenston mining (acquired osisko mining corp. for $-million), aurelian resources (acquired kinross for $.-billion) and gold eagle mines (acquired goldcorp for $.-billion) name few. sheldon obtained his b.comm from the university toronto and chartered accountant/certified professional accountant. was ontario finalist for the ernst young entrepreneur the year award. sheldon received honorary degree, doctor laws (ll.d) from the university toronto for his valuable leadership entrepreneur, his philanthropy, and inspirational commitment making difference the lives children, youth and their families. page partners page legal general information this whitepaper describes the initial sale which the hybrid block token (hyb) sold. hyb cryptographic token that designed used for all services hybrid trade limited's ecosystem, including the hybrid central application and hybrid's exchange platforms outlined this whitepaper. hyb not, nor intended to, constitute security, investment scheme, financial instrument any other regulated product any jurisdiction. this white paper not, nor intended constitute, solicitation, prospectus, offer document for investment and does not pertain any way offering securities, investment scheme, financial instrument any other regulated product any jurisdiction. please note that purchases hyb are final and non-refundable. individuals, businesses, and other organizations should carefully weigh the risks, costs, and benefits acquiring hyb. limitation the purchasers you are not eligible and you shall not purchase hyb through the hybrid block token sale you are citizen resident (tax otherwise) any country state where the purchase hyb similar cryptocurrencies tokens, may prohibited the token sale deemed non-compliant with the applicable laws and regulations. for clarity, natural persons and entities that are resident (tax otherwise), domiciled in, have connection to, the united states america, canada, the people's republic china, new zealand, japan hong kong are expressly prohibited from participating the token sale and purchasing hyb. purchases hybrid token should undertaken only natural persons, entities, companies that have significant experience with, and sophisticated understanding of, the usage and intricacies cryptographic tokens and blockchain based software systems. purchasers should have functional understanding storage and transmission mechanisms associated with other cryptographic tokens. any entities hybrid trade limited and officers and employees thereof will not responsible any way for loss any cryptographic tokens, hyb fiat currency resulting from actions taken by, omissions of, the purchasers. you not have the required experience expertise, then you should not purchase hyb participate the token offering. you should carefully consider the risks, costs, and any other demerits acquiring hyb, and, necessary, obtain your own independent advice this regard. you are not the position accept nor understand the risks associated with this token sale, any other risks indicated this whitepaper, you should not acquire hyb, until such that you have received the necessary independent advice. page general information the purchase hyb carries with risk. prior purchasing hyb, the purchaser should carefully consider the risks listed below and, the extent necessary, consult lawyer, accountant, and/or tax professional prior determining whether purchase hyb. (a) hyb will stored wallet, which can only accessed with password selected the purchaser. purchaser hyb does not maintain accurate record their password, this may lead the loss their tokens. your password protection weak and cracked learned somebody else, this may also lead the loss tokens. result, purchasers must safely store their password one more backup locations that are well separated from the primary location. (b) the purchaser recognizes that some the services hybrid trade limited's ecosystem are currently under development and may undergo significant changes before release and/or made available for use. the purchaser acknowledges that any its expectations regarding the form and functionality the hybrid exchange platform and associated services may not met for any number reasons. (c) the purchaser understands that while hybrid trade limited will make best efforts connect the hybrid exchange platform most major cryptocurrency exchanges, possible that some exchanges may decline the connection, which may result somewhat less liquidity provided through the hybrid exchange platform than expected this whitepaper. (d) the purchaser understands that while hybrid trade limited will make best efforts release the hybrid exchange platform time, possible that delays the official release may occur. (e) with other cryptocurrencies and cryptographic tokens, value hyb may fluctuate significantly and become reduced value (including zero value) for any number reasons, including but not limited to, supply and demand, overall market conditions, political geographical reasons, changes regulations any jurisdictions, and technical reasons. (f) hyb will issued the ethereum blockchain. such, any malfunction unexpected functioning the ethereum protocol may impact the purchaser's ability transfer securely hold hyb. such impact could adversely affect the value. disclaimer the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, hybrid trade limited, any entities the hybrid trade limited ecosystem, and officers and employees thereof shall not liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort (including negligence), contract, statute otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you. hybrid trade limited and any entities hybrid trade limited and officers and employees thereof shall not liable for any loss hyb after transferred you any reason including but not limited your failure maintain backup accurate record your password password cracking somebody due your poor maintenance your password. hybrid trade limited will its best launch its operations and develop the hybrid exchange platform. page any person undertaking acquire hyb acknowledges and understands however that hybrid trade limited does not provide any warranty the release the hybrid exchange platform any the other technical features services contemplated under this whitepaper. you acknowledge and understand therefore that hybrid trade limited (including its associated bodies corporate, officers and employees) assumes liability responsibility for any loss damage that would result from relate the incapacity use hyb. regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated cryptocurrencies and tokens the world. that respect, regulatory measures, investigations actions may impact future business and may limit prevent from developing its operations the future. any person undertaking purchase hyb must aware that the hybrid trade limited business model hybrid exchange platform, and its existing platforms may change need modified because new regulatory and compliance requirements from any applicable laws any jurisdictions. such case, purchasers and any person undertaking acquire hyb acknowledge and understand that neither hybrid trade limited nor any its affiliate shall held liable for any direct indirect loss damages caused such changes. this white paper and any other materials explanations made hybrid trade limited and its officers and employees shall not and cannot considered invitation enter into investment. they not constitute relate any way nor should they considered offer financial instrument investment scheme any other regulated product any jurisdiction. this white paper does not include nor contain any information indication that might considered recommendation that might used basis for any investment decision. neither hybrid trade limited nor any its officers and employees are shall considered advisor any legal, tax financial matters. acquiring hyb shall not grant any right influence over hybrid trade limited organization and governance the purchasers. representations and warranties hybrid trade limited does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this white paper. further, representation warranty given hybrid trade limited the achievement reasonableness any plans, future projections prospects set out this white paper and nothing this document should relied upon promise representation the future functionality, utility availability the hybrid exchange platform and/or its associated services. the fullest extent permissible law, hybrid trade limited excludes all liability (and not liable for) any loss damage whatsoever kind (whether foreseeable not) which may arise from any person acting any information and opinions contained this white paper any information which made available connection with any further inquiries, notwithstanding any act omission, negligence, default lack care, hybrid trade limited, its entities, officers and/or employees. page