decentralizing the chatting industry whitepaper introduction the chatting industry about the protocol the hypnoxys platform understanding the chatting indsutry their problems core objectives offering solutions improving chat service public groups and public chats encrypted chats being deleted after ethereum blocks helping people around the world basic revenue for the usage our app accelerator ac-hypx cryptocurrency and blockchain adoption affiliate system technology why blockchain? ethereum and smart contract scalability protocol ifps data storage blockchain token and functionality accelerator with hypx tokens hypnoxys chat. blockchain backed transactions exchange services and value conclusion mid term vision long term vision resources introduction date, messengers are among the most common applications. this facilitated the widespread dissemination smartphone and internet access. with every passing day, more and more messengers are appearing the market. each messenger has its own audience, and result, necessary install dozens applications the smartphone communicate with friends. hypnoxys team developing multifunctional messenger; the architecture thereof based communication, distributed data storage ipfs and end-to-end encryption. the solution, based combination these technologies, consistent with the principles decentralization, confidentiality, and resistance attacks. about the protocol the hypnoxys protocol allows users paid use the app. the app has functionality that allows add ads the app obtain more revenues. during each account creation ads are disabled because don want obligate our users add ads like other apps. give the decision our users giving the opportunity decide they want obtain extra money. after ads are enabled you can hold hypx tokens then automatically provide the accelerator for the time you spend our app. the hypnoxys platform the app developed using decentralized structure. the architecture the app developed the basis communication without the participation servers, distributed data storage ipfs and end-to-end encryption. the encryption ensures that data secure and resistant attacks. the use asymmetric end-to-end encryption and connections between hypnoxys applications eliminates the possibility intercepting user correspondence. hypnoxys users have the option storing correspondence ipfs. all user data stored encrypted form. data security provided duplicating data multiple nodes. the emergence various messengers has made the various audiences spoilt with choices access digital content. the hypnoxys system built with ethereum protocol which very secure and gives customers opportunity earn revenues they spend time the app. the same time, the platform also ensures the benefits are passed the users the form reduced prices. many believe that blockchain platforms and cryptocurrencies are complex technological creations which are not easy use. they believe that for someone able understand the technology and use any such platform should have advanced technical skills. the team behind the development hypnoxys has conducted extensive research into the industry identify the problems. the team developing platform that addresses most the issues the chatting apps. hypnoxys features individual and group text chats public groups and chats audio calls video calls public chats groups hypx transfers between users the accelerator ads revenue understanding the chatting industry and its problems the introduction section the hypnoxys platform already gives hint into the problems engulfing the chatting industry. the industry whole depends hypnoxys apps. hypnoxys users depend mostly chatting, video calling, and audio calling. online chatting has enabled streaming and content distribution platforms have made easy for hypnoxys users make their work available the masses users. direct communication becoming important reaching out many people and using messaging apps growing strategy used many organizations. messaging apps are becoming more popular among the youths and they also boast high engagement rates. hypnoxys platform's introduction gives overview the problems that affects numerous app the chatting industry. the app dependent the customers who use and get paid after using the app. core objectives the core the hypnoxys messenger the concept decentralized messaging. this concept lies creating instant messenger, which will ensure the anonymity users, confidentiality correspondence and the absence single point failure. the hypnoxys application allows customers interact the form chat. the chatting process enhanced variety tools that automate and speed the whole process. the need connect and freely communicate with others lies the core being human. and quite natural expect that our communication with one another not susceptible eavesdropping and censorship, the mercy centralized gatekeepers. that why the app uses decentralized chat system. decentralized chat system can easily generate the user's unique identity through the use public key cryptography. the chat system offers level service scalability and reuses except the deepest layers the internet technology stack. hypnoxys has encrypted messaging. this helps the app encode information prevent unintended recipients from viewing it. the data encryption uses algorithms convert information into what looks like symbols and random characters. individuals who have special keys used decrypting the information can access the encrypted information. the encrypted texts the channel are used create audio and video calls, transmitting text messages, exchanging additional public keys means which hypnoxys applications the interlocutors will encrypt the transferred files and offline messages until the next connection. the encrypted channel the app may coordinate special names which will publish offline messages until the next connection. offering solutions and opportunities hypnoxys creating tried and tested decentralized application model into the chatting industry. before, people relied centralized platforms which had numerous problems such continuous attacks from hackers who corrupt the information. this affects the streaming service, download platform and actual pricing the ads the platform. the use blockchain and smart contracts within hypnoxys makes possible for the platform overcome all the challenges thrown it. starting with the use cryptocurrencies alongside fiat and automation payments and settlements between users and the app. also helps the platform maintain low operating and transaction costs and ensure that the platform accessible everyone, everywhere any given time. improving chat service hypnoxys platform made way that improves the chatting industry. the app offers various level flexibility the holders. the app encourages more people register the platform and earn revenue spending time the app. the payment methods used hypnoxys and its universal nature enables users across the world access its services efficiently. the platform easy use and users have virtually endless choices services choose from. the presence end-to-end data encryption helps reducing data security costs and thus the benefits will enjoyed the final user the app. public groups and public chats public groups hypnoxys can accommodate large number members. the groups can used users coordinate work and communicate effectively with wide number individuals time. the groups are optimized app developers that they can host wide number individuals. groups can joined sending invite links, join public groups through the links that one can meet people with the same idea and interest yours. groups are important tools that help building communities. public groups strengthen the unity the hypnoxys users since its users spend more time social media than direct contact, online groups give them the opportunity connect with other people similar taste. information posted the group accessible everyone. generate revenue, companies are increasingly gearing toward public chat sales channel offers direct interaction with potential customer and ensuring higher roi and customers satisfaction. through public chat, medium can effectively focus qualified leads the form visitors the app and convert these into sales. encrypted chats being deleted after ethereum blocks encrypted chats hypnoxys require deleted after ethereum blocks. ethereums rate block generation high. more blocks are created quickly even the transactions are technically valid. ethereum has mechanism remove data the hypnoxys. every user needs know about the mechanism prepare them when command ready delete storage. the blockchain protocol reduces the necessary block data down the most essential inputs and outputs which technically deletes data from history. helping people around the world hypnoxys helps its users with the possibility anonymous communication. people can chat groups and public chats with data encrypted thus securing information for different parties. the app can also used communication channel for many businesses since gives opportunity create information channel that many businesses and companies can use promptly inform their customers about the company's news and promotions, well conduct interactive promotions, including remuneration and getting paid using our ads system.. hypnoxys allows for channels created which are subscription based with payments tokens. customers are rewarded for their time the app and this encourages the developers add more features the app. many people can increase the amount money earned from the app creating large public groups which there will integrated ads and with referral system implemented cpc, cpv systems (cost per click, cost per view). all the main functions hypnoxys are absolutely free. fee charged for the conversion between hypxr hypx tokens. due our hypxr system (hypnoxys reward), the company generates money the conversion the tokens generated users viewing ads. thanks the optimization and code refactoring, the hypnoxys application will not occupy much space the device memory, and the use hardware encryption will save battery power thus helping many people across the globe access the app. basic revenue for the usage our app hypnoxys platform pays users use the chat with the functionality adding ads the app and obtain more revenue. the app different from other chatting apps since when you download the app, ads are disabled, unlike the other apps which enable ads. the users the app are given the opportunity decide they want earn extra money. accelerator ac-hypx the accelerator the app ac-hypx helps users earning money for the time spent the app. hypnoxys has single tier architecture that enables keep all the apps elements including back end data, middleware and the interface one place. single-tier architecture can relate the costs that are involved, where might make more sense keep simpler applications contained one easy platform. hypnoxys team sees the system the simplest and most direct. activating the ac-hypnoxys, users the app are able view more ads and therefore earn revenue from the ads viewed. hypx required cryptocurrency and blockchain adoption the adoption blockchain and cryptocurrencies seems permeating many industries different sectors the economy most particular trade and logistics, finance and other areas where transactions occur. the use blockchain and cryptocurrencies payment and transactions gradually increasing globally and the problem faced the lack regulatory protection and price volatility which deter its wider use. hypnoxys one the cryptocurrency projects that are currently emerging. the platform has introduced blockchain technology into the chatting industry encourage the growth the industry adopting the usage blockchain and cryptocurrency. the hypnoxys team has mission promoting the use cryptocurrencies among the general public. order familiarize people with cryptocurrency usage, they have included support for various payment options alongside the platform's usage tokens. hypx tokens remain the primary mode value exchange the platform but people can still earn money using other cryptocurrencies and even ethereum. using tokens their platforms, hypnoxys ensuring that individuals who are not used using online money such bitcoins are not left out and helps many people enter the digital currency domain blockchain. once the individuals are board and are able earn revenue after viewing ads the app, they are sensitized and taught how manage crypto tokens. the support and sensitization will available until each individual capable managing the tokens the platform. our plan focused giving all our users way earn revenue using our dapp. not counting numerous incentives for the first registered and on. the initiative tends benefit the holders and the users hypnoxys the chatting industry. hypnoxys continues develop, many users will join the platform thus lot money will made. the holders are eventually expected come with solutions that can effectively combat challenges such piracy and system breakdown. the near future, hypnoxys plans extend its focus other forms digital content well. affiliate program the one-level referral program designed attract users and provide the opportunity earn internal tokens for active users attracting referrals. the system provides not only fixed fee for each active customer involved, but also percentage its payments and service revenue from commission fees. here are just few ways use the referral program for referral deductions publication the link specialized groups and forums dedicated cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology (we are wary spam, for this, recommend publish links native format with small description hypnoxys, and for the convenience users, have prepared several prepared materials that you can use); run targeted contextual advertising using your own referral link. thus, the hypnoxys team will receive additional coverage among the loyal audience and additional inflow investments, and users will able increase their investments many times. technology hypnoxys decentralized, confidential, encrypted based communication and distributes its data using ipfs (interplanetary file system). the platform combines numerous technologies enable become consistent with the principles confidentiality, decentralization and resistant attack. the platform built over tried and tested ethereum protocol and inter-planetary file system (ipfs). transactions the platform are mostly handled using its own tokens based cryptocurrency which now one the most sought-after token creation standards. technology enables hypnoxys users quickly search single database, storage correspondence and synchronization between all devices one user, service for transfer and storage hypnoxys files, quick connection even client work through nat. the core hypnoxys messenger the concept decentralized messaging, this concept lies creating instant messenger, which creates the anonymity users, confidentiality correspondence and the absence single point failure. why blockchain? the blockchain known the new online economic transaction which programmed record financial transactions and virtually everything value. most the information contained blockchain exists continually reconciled and shared database. the databases blockchain are not stored one place, therefore, the records kept are easily verifiable and truly public. this means that hacker cannot easily corrupt the information that exists blockchain. since millions computers host simultaneously, the data are accessible anyone the internet. blockchain platform serves numerous functions. smart contracts help increase automation the blockchain platform. additional layer security along with certain degree anonymity the users the platform provided the cryptocurrency blockchain. the nature technology ensures data integrity, transparency, and accurate record keeping. the blockchain uses decentralized network host all the content further strengthen security and privacy. during the implementation the blockchain technology, crypto token associated with it. hypnoxys used for all the transactions taken over the platform. through the use cryptocurrency value exchange mode, geographical and technical barriers are easily overcome and this prevents flawless use fiat currency payment solution worldwide. ethereum and smart contract ethereum decentralized platform that runs smart contracts. the hypnoxys applications that run exactly programmed without any possibility downtime, censorship, fraud third party interferences. hypnoxys runs custom built blockchain and enormously powerful shared global infrastructure that represent the ownership property and move value around. hypnoxys helps its developers create markets, stores registries debts promises, moves funds accordance with instructions given the past( using tenses like will future contract) and many things that are not yet invented, without middleman counterparty risk. the other hand, smart contract defined contract implemented, deployed and executed within the ethereum environment. smart contracts are the digitization the legal contracts, deployed, stored and executed within the ethereum virtual machine. hypnoxys stores data that used record information, facts, associations, balances and any other relevant information needed for implementation logic for real-world contracts. the hypnoxys ecosystem built the ethereum protocol which the most favored blockchain environment for decentralized applications. automation has been increased blockchain platforms due the use smart contracts. hypnoxys used the chatting, earning revenue viewing ads. scalability scalability refers the number users, sessions, transactions, and operations that can accommodated the entire system. scalability important because helps the building the application that serves millions users with zero downtime. many organizations build jumble applications that don't conform set standards and are not sharing cohesive deployment pattern. this has led the reduction iteration product development and hence creates lag business. adoption scalable platform that covers all applications such hypnoxys way problem-solving. hypnoxys solid and scalable platform which essential. every aspect the application's design requires consideration including areas that can hit hard the attacks such hackers. from this perspective, developing scalable platform, enables organizations work smart and also meet the needs the users. through the high-performance processing massive data volumes, the scalable platform enables organizations solve large scale business problems. ipfs data storage the blockchain ipfs (interplanetary file system) refers distributed file system that seeks connect all computing devices with the same system files. the combination blockchain together with ipfs leads decentralized file storage the app. decentralized storage solution that many blockchain companies use store their data and files without necessarily relying centralized silos data that undermines values such privacy and confidentiality the information. decentralized storage networks operate similar manner with further advanced cryptography and encryption well the added incentive mechanism. ipfs used hypnoxys permanent storage for correspondence. for back and synchronization information made, you need use the corresponding option the hypnoxys app for data stored ipfs particular period time given users. makes possible distribute high volumes data with high efficiency. and zero duplication means savings storage. ipfs keeps every version your files and makes simple set resilient networks for mirroring data. remains true the original vision the open and flat web but delivers the technology which makes that vision reality. ipfs powers the creation diversely resilient networks which enable persistent availability with without internet backbone connectivity. .tokens and functionality the hypnoxys platform built over ethereum protocol and uses tokens for transactions the platform. hypx tokens are the primary medium used for payment the hypnoxys app. the tokens which are based ethereum token standard (erc) are paid users when they activate ads use the app. the hypnoxys tokens can purchased against bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. the tokens can stored different wallets the user within the hypnoxys platform. all the transactions taking place the hypnoxys platform are recorded the blockchain the app. the app different from different chatting apps since does not charge any fee for users who download ads but pays them for viewing ads. any activity performed the users secured because the end-to-end encryption the system. since the hypnoxys tokens are already listed different exchange platforms, token holders can, therefore, trade their tokens with other cryptocurrencies their choice and get equivalent value make profits. blockchain backed transactions blockchain built running software and linking several nodes together. hypnoxys ecosystem has entire blockchain built around blockchains. the blockchain transactions provide transparency hypnoxys and important verifying hypx token transactions between the users just like ethereum tokens and bitcoin. exchange services and value hypnoxys platform made blockchain basis that enables attempt and storm the chatting industry. with its model and capability, hypnoxys adds value the chatting industry standards and showcases huge potential which well recognized the cryptocurrency world. the tokens will listed different exchanges and the users will actively trading. with most the upgrades being performed the hypnoxys team, the value the token expected further increase the future. the team performing numerous developments and this may make hypnoxys tokens listed among the best cryptocurrency tokens globally that can easily accessed many users. conclusion hypnoxys apps are the fastest compared other apps. specific, the messenger segment one the most and fastest growing markets the digital industry. hypnoxys one the main driving forces the field. hypnoxys has enabled its users earn extra revenue for the time spent the app. large public groups have been created facilitate the integration ads and referral system implemented cpc, cpv systems. (cost per click, cost per view.) hypnoxys long term app which focuses building its products work perfectly before goes the market. hypnoxys products are going unique the market the fact being that, the set advantages will provide its users. hypnoxys generates its profit through its hypxr system. this got through the conversion the tokens generated users viewing ads. the platform has far forged some important strategic collaborations with some leading organizations and blockchain businesses. the coming months, the platform aims extend its collaboration with other players the market. mid-term vision the next years, few significant upgrades are done hypnoxys help companies diversify target customers ranges and increase into new market segment. during the launching hypnoxys, effective strategy enables connect its users the new products before its distribution building interest and excitement around the product. enforcement the brand the company should effective help keep the customer's experience the focus every stage building the strategy. social listening and benchmarking competitors are key factors considered when making good marketing launch for new product the market. hypx team plans launch multiplatform app which can used android, desktop, ios and webapp. hypnoxys will ramp its advertising and marketing initiatives encourage user adoption and get the word out about the platform and its benefit. long term vision hypnoxys unique the market because its set advantages will provide the users. hypx tokens are considered long term investment. years) conjunction with other cryptocurrency payment option, hypnoxys will have fiat payment working system end this includes hypx tokens. with the fiat implementation, the hypnoxys platform will later decide the applicable exchange fees for fiat cryptocurrency conversion within its platform. the team plans have community building initiatives which may include organization public events and meetups different countries across the globe. the events may useful marketing order gather more users. with all these initiatives plans create new norm empowering its users and securing the data its users. also plans diversify and offer other forms digital contents alongside chatting. references interplanetary file system https://ipfs.io (). mobile messaging users worldwide statistic. statista. retrieved february https://www.statista.com/statistics//number-of-mobile-messaging-users-worldwide/