hyperconnect the world version: draft (english) last updated: aug icon foundation contents abstract .......................................................................................................................... introduction ............................................................................................................. vision ................................................................................................................................ background ..................................................................................................................... icon .......................................................................................................................... hyperconnect the world................................................................................................ hyperconnect korea ...................................................................................................... how design ................................................................................................................. components the icon network .............................................................................. how connect............................................................................................................... how operate ............................................................................................................. what expect .............................................................................................................. implementation loopchain ...................................................................................... icon architecture ................................................................................................. introduction ................................................................................................................... conceptual model ......................................................................................................... nexus .............................................................................................................................. portal ............................................................................................................................... btp (blockchain transmission protocol) ................................................................ dex (decentralized exchange) .................................................................................. nexus public channel.................................................................................................. governance.................................................................................................................... inside icon ............................................................................................................ loopchain........................................................................................................................ features .......................................................................................................................... consensus ..................................................................................................................... score (smart contract reliable environment) ............................................... bsi (blockchain signature infrastructure) ............................................................... roadmap ................................................................................................................ business roadmap ...................................................................................................... technical roadmap ...................................................................................................... icx token ................................................................................................................ term summary .............................................................................................................. allocation ....................................................................................................................... use proceeds ............................................................................................................ issuance and incentives ...................................................................................... issuance policy ............................................................................................................. transaction fee............................................................................................................. public treasury ............................................................................................................. incentives ....................................................................................................................... freezing fee .................................................................................................................. appendix .......................................................................................................................... a.. definitions ......................................................................................................................... a.. score ............................................................................................................................... a.. integration loopchain and legacy systems .......................................................... a.. loopchain multi-channel ................................................................................................. a.. ai-driven policy ................................................................................................................ references ....................................................................................................................... rhizome has beginning end; always the middle, between things, interbeing, intermezzo. the tree filiation, but the rhizome alliance, uniquely alliance. the tree imposes the verb "to be" but the fabric the rhizome the conjunction, "and ... and ...and..."this conjunction carries enough force shake and uproot the verb "to be." where are you going? where are you coming from? what are you heading for? these are totally useless questions. {mille plateaux} gilles deleuze felix guattari abstract the advent the blockchain technology has introduced the world decentralization and challenging our preconceived perspectives the current social, political, and economic systems, most notably, the central banking system. the rapid advancement this technology has begun blend world borders and statute, providing glimpses improved, alternative future. yet, the technology still its infancy and confronted with limitations terms performance, ease use, and service quality. generally, the majority blockchain projects place emphasis their decentralization methodology and lack evidence adoption the real world due their technological and business limitations. the icon project ("icon", "icon network", "we", "our", "us") aims overcome such challenges and help advance our society towards true hyperconnectivity. this paper outlines our vision and philosophy the icon project and details the supporting proprietary technologies that have been development over the past few years. more importantly, discuss actual implementation with dozens reputable institutions that are already the icon network. this demonstrates our progress beyond the initial concept stage and validates our team's strong execution ability; major factor that differentiates icon from the majority blockchain projects today. icon inspired gilles deleuze and felix guattari's rhizome "the world with center point and the world where any point mere connection other points." icon connector disparate cryptocurrencies with different blockchain governances, and furthermore, connector the crypto world our real world. icon embraces the new and the unfamiliar, the principle radical inclusion accept new ideas and decisions made the new republic established ever-changing crypto-to-real world connections. introduction introduction vision the vision the icon project introduce the new era decentralization redefining the meaning communities and creating new world connecting such communities. communities today are commonly defined its social and political functions and limited the economic boundaries set forth world nations. through icon, communities can beyond and free from traditional economic system and promote frictionless value exchanges with other communities, eventually resulting maximum total utility society. icon not limited the real world, but directly connects and communicates with the crypto world creating the most robust network that can scale without limits. the icon project aims build decentralized network that allows independent blockchains with different governances transact with one another without intermediaries. anyone can create new blockchain project and join the network. new blockchain project free connect with existing projects and create new unique worlds, blockchain multiverse. icon itself can viewed both living organism and ecosystem. icon vision with proven track record and has progressed beyond the initial concept stage. icon already boasts communities comprised reputable institutions banks, securities, insurance, hospitals, universities, and more. future with faster money remittance and frictionless value exchange securities, medical records, academic data, insurance fees within our reach. with icon, now enter into world true hyperconnectivity. background overview the advent the blockchain technology has introduced the world decentralization and challenging our preconceived perspectives the current social, political, and economic systems, most notably, the central banking system. the rapid advancement this technology has begun blend the world borders and statute, providing glimpses improved, alternative future. yet, the technology still its infancy and plagued with shortcomings terms performance, ease use, and service quality. generally, the majority blockchain projects place emphasis their decentralization methodology and lack evidence adoption the real world. there are fascinating projects such steem that operates crypto world, virtual service top its own blockchain. however, other projects that attempt connect the real-world are feeling performance limitations, and hence, realizing the need for more research and development. overcome such limitation connecting the real world crypto world, icon was started. ethereum launched ethereum was the first project introduce the concept 'smart contract' the blockchain world opening the unforeseen possibilities decentralized applications(dapps). ethereum widely considered the greatest milestone blockchain technology since the first introduction bitcoin satoshi nakamoto; therefore, referred blockchain paved blockchain application beyond simple cryptocurrency transaction wider use the technology including the financial services industry. copyright icon foundation introduction various dapps have been developed, most notably usd$ million decentralized and autonomous venture capital fund called the dao project. unfortunately, dao was hacked june and ethereum went through hard-fork restore the stolen funds. many issues, particularly proof-ofstake consensus, are still under discussion among the ethereum developers, which includes the founder vitalik buterin, and miners. despite the facts above, ethereum gaining popularity ico platform due the simplicity erc token generation. but ironically, the popularity certain icos such status.im has resulted overload the entire ethereum network. bancor bancor provides decentralized exchange (dex) that allows real-time cryptocurrency transactions based fair price deriving algorithm that uses ethereum reserves. with the concept exchanging ether and bancor token(bnt) via dex, bancor raised over usd$ million ico. bancor has succeeded supporting different business models such etfs, exchanging cryptocurrencies based reserves. however, believe faces significant challenges due the high transaction fees and performance limits when running ethereum. transaction fees and speed limits when running ethereum. eos eos blockchain platform that primarily focuses scalability issues ethereum. proof-ofstake consensus algorithm that generates blocks every seconds and removes the transaction fees invigorate dapps. eos, even its current developmental stage, anticipated many for its potential replace ethereum. but far, there appears substantial difference from ethereum other than the consensus algorithm. furthermore, its smart contract platform based virtual machines like ethereum; therefore, need see eos capable handling massive, real-time transactions. copyright icon foundation icon icon hyperconnect the world the icon project began with the goal enrich our everyday lives through "connection". the history mankind's technological innovation related our history connection. the creation postal service made possible connect each other's thoughts without having physically meet. telephones made possible connect each other real time regardless the distance, and wireless communication added freedom mobility. and with the advent the internet, real-time connection everything, not just people, has become possible anywhere the world. despite these breakthrough innovations, today's level connection still not perfect. with the icon project, are now moving closer more seamless connection. live world where possible buy cup latte starbucks with one swipe credit card. but fact, there more complex process behind the scenes. the information acquired from pos terminal including card number, expiration date, billing address, and cvc are stored and transmitted the databases seven intermediaries such front-end processor (fep) company; various fees are incurred each stage the process. the credit card network centralized system that depends security and reliability trusted third parties. icon decentralized network rather than the existing centralized network. transactions the icon network are verified ledger shared within the community network itself, not controlled centralized authority. this minimizes the involvement unnecessary intermediaries, which significantly reduces the fees. addition, decentralization ensures autonomy and independence the community. order connected centralized system, inevitable passively accept the policies and system determined the centralized organization. for instance, use visa mastercard for payment, necessary use their designated system and follow their policies. however, the icon network allows each community autonomously determine the appropriate systems and policies, while reliably connect other communities when needed. icon aims eradicate the various boundaries that have been existed the centralized system. imagine stock investors korea trading apple stocks real time with stock investors, medical researchers korean university hospitals obtaining permission work with diabetes patients' data from sydney and london. "tokenization" assets and rights are being accelerated, and result, the dynamics cross-border connections being redefined. existing currencies, tangible assets such real estate and automobiles, intangible assets such patents, copyrights, and trademarks, our legal rights such voting rights and citizenship, and even dna data blood test results can benefit from tokenization. this forces rethink everything, even obscures the space-time boundary, and makes distinguishing tangibles from intangibles meaningless. possible trade apartments with cars, and insurance fee can directly paid uploading posts sns. hyperconnect korea the republic korea presents ideal environment for blockchain technology and cryptocurrency disruption. korea the top ranked ict (information and communications technologies) country the world and the largest economy. due such reasons, korea has been key test market for global tech companies such facebook addition, korea now quickly becoming leader digital currencies, and july the country's top three crypto exchanges all rank the top ten global daily trading volume. icon has established itself the dominant market leader korea via theloop, korea-based forprofit blockchain technology company behind icon implementation loopchain). and this only the beginning have various strategic plans set motion hyperconnect korea, asia, and then copyright icon foundation icon eventually, the world. the icon team believes that the fundraiser can greatly accelerate the growth the icon network korea and further support our ambition for global expansion. how design the icon project not simply connection blockchain nodes, but deep study investigation community-to-community connectivity. icon started with the mission create protocol, cryptocurrency, actively utilized the real world within and between actual communities. there were three considerations when designing the icon network: components the icon network how connect how operate first define the elements that constitute the icon network, then investigate the way each element connected. also look how the icon network operates with focus the effective governance components the icon network components the icon network: community, c-node (community node), crep(community representative), icon republic, citizen node community community network comprised different nodes with the same governance system. financial institutions, governments, schools, e-commerce platform, healthcare, bitcoin, and ethereum can all considered community. each community has different compositions and scales nodes, according their characteristics and circumstances. c-node c-node (community node) the building block community that affects the consensus decisionmaking process community governance. c-nodes are available both individuals and organizations (banks, brokers, insurers, schools, governments, etc.), and node policies are determined the members each community. c-rep c-rep (community representative) the representative unit community that functions the component governance icon republic. has the right vote verification and governance transactions icon republic. c-rep selected according the decision each community, and crep can changed from one node another. other words, c-rep duties are transferable depending the situation and purpose each governance. furthermore, c-rep will receive incentives for its maintenance and activation icon republic. icon republic icon republic the connector different communities. comprised representatives called ccopyright icon foundation icon rep, and other citizen nodes. icon republic's governance determined c-rep votes, and hence, decentralized. icon republic functions communication channel between communities, and does not affect the governance the communities. citizen node citizen node component icon republic. anyone can participate citizen node dapps created loopchain. however, citizen node does not have voting rights for the governance icon republic, and has only the right create transaction. citizen node can also c-rep with the right vote certain conditions are met. how connect the types connections the icon network are: connection between nodes within single community, connection between nodes within icon republic, connection between community and icon republic, connection between different communities connection between nodes within single community communities have the freedom choose customize blockchain that fit their need. therefore, each community such finance, government, school, e-commerce, healthcare, bitcoin, and ethereum, can organized into different blockchains and can utilize different consensus algorithms. connection between nodes within icon republic icon republic supported loopchain. icon republic designed connect various communities both the real world and crypto world, that adopts the consensus algorithm that allows real-time transaction processing. icon republic has governance which different from that each community, and operates lft (loop fault tolerance) consensus algorithm. connection between community and icon republic community and icon republic are connected real-time via dex (decentralized exchange). dex sets currency reserves provide exchange ratio community and icon republic order facilitate exchange values real time based that ratio. when comes the connection community that cannot reach consensus real time (e.g. bitcoin, ethereum, and ethereum-based cryptocurrency), the agreement within icon republic suspended until consensus completed. connection between different communities connection between different communities available icon republic. icon republic connected each community real-time through dex (decentralized exchange), while c-node also connected real-time other c-nodes different communities via c-rep and icon republic the basis icx. copyright icon foundation icon how operate community each community operates independently based its own governance according the characteristics its own blockchain. separate from icon republic, communities can reach its own consensus decide the consensus algorithm, consensus-participating node, operation cryptocurrency community. icon republic governance icon republic determined the consensus process c-reps, with the scope governance limited icon republic. icon republic does not affect the governance other communities, but involves the issuance and rewards policies icon exchange token ("icx") what expect wide variety communities are beginning formed around the world for various business purposes and relationships the field finance, public service, logistics, healthcare, iot, energy, manufacture, e-commerce, and much more. with the development and spread blockchain technology, the number these communities expected accelerate. such environment, many tasks are handled through smart contracts, and the role centralized agencies and intermediaries expected either shrink disappear. copyright icon foundation icon smart contracts not only revolutionizes the way members work within communities, but also affects the way communities work with other communities. general, most communities begin with the goal improving the work efficiency among the members, but many cases, they evolve naturally the direction increasing interactions with the members other communities. this case, instead handling external affairs through separate centralized institution, smart contracts can reliably liaise the relationships. many pundits call blockchain technology megatrend, and icon has already positioned itself the leader creating environment where all communities icon republic are interconnected realtime through smart contracts. furthermore, the number communities connected through the icon network increases, the number transactions increases exponentially, resulting maximum utility the network. implementation loopchain are the process implementing our blockchain technology various industry communities made reputable institutions, including capital markets, insurance, university, and healthcare. each community has started embrace the blockchain technology solve existing inefficiencies and began recognize the possibilities expanding beyond respective communities connecting with other communities. sense, icon natural evolution thriving blockchain ecosystem and the solution the need bridging disparate blockchain communities. capital markets 'korea financial investment blockchain consortium,' the first industry-wide blockchain consortium backed securities firms, leading the innovation domestic capital markets with loopchain, blockchain technology developed theloop. the first blockchain service launched the consortium bsi-based authentication, which enables direct authentication and generation/verification digital signatures without the third party. the consortium plans expand its blockchain services other capital market processes, including post-trading and trading, through score, the loopchain's smart contract execution environment. copyright icon foundation icon throughout the global capital market, countless transactions are constantly being carried out through large group intermediaries and centralized institutions. because these intermediaries, the transaction becomes lengthy and back-office work becomes complicated. general, the clearing and settlement process (post-trading process) for stock transaction will take days, and the united states alone spends over billion dollars every year. insurance the top-tiered life insurance company korea and major university hospitals are working together blockchain pilot project incorporate theloop's blockchain technology into the insurance claims and payment process. this project aims automate the entire insurance claiming process, from patient authentication sending medical records insurance providers, through blockchain technologies without any intermediaries. the pilot project will implemented through score, and plans launch early initially for select insurance products. the project received government grant from the ministry science, ict and future planning april and expected gain further momentum adding more products and inviting other insurance providers the consortium. blockchain driving the innovation the insurance industry throughout its value chain innovation claims and payment services not only can reduce the cost improving the efficiency the transaction process but also will greatly enhance consumer experience, thereby improving the overall satisfaction the insurance industry. compared those other financial industries, transactions within the insurance industry frequently involves external parties (both terms data and transfer funds). however, these external organizations generally operate isolated system infrastructures unique each institution, which hampers efficient transactions. ensuring interoperability and mutual reliability different systems, blockchain dramatically improves the efficiency transactions between various organizations. such, believe blockchain technology will continue attract vast amount interest from the insurance sector and accelerate the transformation the industry ecosystem. copyright icon foundation icon university u-coin ('university-coin') cryptocurrency for university students major universities korea. scheduled launch its pilot test the end u-coin received grant the ministry creation and science april and expected expand its services other universities korea. furthermore, u-coin will expand its ecosystem creating other cryptocurrency-based services that can used nearby communities and university towns, including cryptocurrency vending machines and easy payment/transfer systems. university students are one the most receptive new technologies and have always been the forefront experiencing new innovations. especially, with the pace innovation accelerating, there are disparities between age generations how they adopt and embrace new technologies. similarly, the university students will play significant role the spread this innovative technology. healthcare precision medical hospital information system (p-his) the largest healthcare blockchain consortium korea, joined major domestic hospitals, and loopchain will provide the underlying blockchain technology.. this project aims build the network share precision medical data secure manner, and plans broaden the scope medical data distribution globally through global networks, including odhsi (observational health data sciences and informatics). this consortium building safe and transparent distribution system medical information based blockchain and promoting the introduction cryptocurrencies the ecosystem. while sharing medical information essential improving the overall quality medical services (e.g. prevention, diagnosis, treatment, research, etc.), improper disclosure indiscriminate use sensitive personal information can cause great damages. with the explosion genomic information from nextgeneration sequencing ('ngs') and medical data from wearable devices, both interest and discussion about ways securely share medical information have reached its all-time high. blockchain technology emerging alternative solution this sensitive and complex problem. blockchain ensures the interoperability between different hospital systems, and manage the access rights data and records reliably. believe secure distribution medical information through blockchain and fair reward system for those who share their data through the network will invigorate the medical ecosystem. copyright icon foundation icon copyright icon foundation icon architecture icon architecture introduction icon constitutes network where various blockchain-based independent communities are connected via c-rep form greater community, icon republic. basic icon architecture, nexus supports icon republic while portals support c-reps allowing blockchains connected nexus that tokens can transferred with speed and trust. nexus can connect another nexus, and this allows blockchain networks scale and expand diverse ways. conceptual model with icon, numbers blockchains are connected around nexus via portal. nexus loopchainbased blockchain. realizes decentralized governance allowing portals and different nodes participate. blockchain transmission protocol (btp) facilitates transactions among independent blockchains connected nexus through respective portals. this structure, connecting network with one type governance another network, same that internet that connects every computer into one communication network establishing 'networks networks'. internet computer network system across the globe that connects the world with standard internet protocol called tcp/ip. likewise, icon uses btp the standard protocol. order construct massive network blockchains, guarantees independent governance different blockchains and makes mutual connections only when they are needed. does not connect every participant single blockchain. nexus nexus multi-channel blockchain comprised light client respective blockchains. each blockchain connected nexus via portal and each portal, basically the representative independent networks, participates nexus blockchain network node. since nexus built the basis loopchain, its consensus reached based lft consensus algorithm, one the loopchain copyright icon foundation icon architecture features with unique functions grouping and voting rights adjustment. nexus includes representation channel through which operational policies are proposed and selected voting. each portal, the c-rep representing its community, participates the representation channel. tokens called icx (icon exchange) are embedded nexus and the interconnected blockchains can use icx transfer values. nexus incorporates reserve channels that can issue icx according the policies. principle, every node that constitutes nexus can issue icx token participating reserve channel. blockchain itself, nexus can connected another nexus, allowing different blockchains with different governance structures execute transactions and exchange values. portal component that connects independent blockchain nexus, portals are connected nexus through btp. depending the policy respective blockchain, portal can organized single node multiple nodes, can make another form consensus network serve the different needs. this structure can thought swift system where each country has its own currency system but multiple banks within one country are able connected through the swift network. likewise, the number nodes nexus can also single plural. nodes are managed one group loopchain's grouping function and the voting the nodes should comply the nexus policy. portal represents its own blockchain c-rep and votes for the policies via representation channel realize decentralized governance. btp (blockchain transmission protocol) btp protocol connect transactions among blockchains that are linked nexus. through the notary channels nexus that the transmitter blockchain transfers the transactions the receiver blockchain. this sense, nexus nodes with voting rights the notary channels possess multiple channels, where the light client each blockchain connected nexus counted one channel. notary channel implemented based multi-channel function loopchain. can identify the transactions confirmed respective blockchains through the blockchain's light client connected nexus. copyright icon foundation icon architecture multiple signatures nodes with voting rights notary registration request are contained blocks and these blocks form blockchains notary channel. the block data with the transactions registered notary channel will then transmitted the receiver blockchain via portal. when the receiver blockchain verifies the relevant block data, validates the signature each node based the certificates nodes from notary channel. two-thirds more the signatures are confirmed according the notary channel standards which follows the lft consensus algorithm, the agreement will confirmed and the requested transaction will executed. multiple signatures nodes with voting rights notary registration request are contained blocks and these blocks form blockchains notary channel. the block data with the transactions registered notary channel will then transmitted the receiver blockchain via portal. when the receiver blockchain verifies the relevant block data, validates the signature each node based the certificates nodes from notary channel. two-thirds more the signatures are confirmed according the notary channel standards which follows the lft consensus algorithm, the agreement will confirmed and the requested transaction will executed. copyright icon foundation icon architecture dex (decentralized exchange) dex trading market that executes transactions automatically blockchain, rather than centralized exchange that relies trusted third party, typically represented cryptocurrency exchanges. although centralized exchanges are easy use and are available various types transactions such reserved transactions and margin transactions, users have completely trust the exchange and anonymous transactions are difficult take place since users have sign before use. particular, users are the ones who suffer from the damage when accidents such hacking break out, the case the mt.gox incident dex, the other hand, enables automated transactions without the need trust particular exchange, supports completely anonymous transactions, and free from problems such server breakdown and hacking. bitsquare and bitshares are some examples dex, but they had some issues users always having online during the transactions, addition issues regarding liquidity. blockchain network that links multiple blockchains with their own unique governance, icon provides dex based icx. enables transactions among different cryptocurrencies determining the exchange rate through reserve based the bancor protocol. for transactions between eth and icx, dex can comprised nodes with voting rights reserve smart contracts within ethereum and icon. this case, the price icx determined according the following equation: reservebalance reserverate icxvolume icxprice icxprice reservebalance reserverate icxvolume one purchases icx with eth via dex, the reserve balance composed eth increases and the icx volume decreases, resulting increase the icx price. conversely, buying eth with icx reduces the reserve balance and increases the icx volume, resulting decrease the icx price. please refer the formulas for bancor system for the details the purchase price and icx token number calculation. icx listed and traded another exchange, its value the corresponding exchange and the value copyright icon foundation icon architecture icon dex may different. this case, arbitrage transactions which lead eth inflow and exchange will take place, thereby resulting similar price levels icx. such icx-based dex scheme enables trading the cryptocurrencies various independent blockchains connected icon. the case blockchains that use bft series consensus algorithms particular, such loopchain, exchanges are processed real time. for example, there blockchain for financial institutions connected nexus and cryptocurrency called fcoin used only among the concerned financial institutions, fcoin dex service provided based the reserve made fcoin and icx, which fcoin and icx can traded real time. moreover, since the converted icx can then used for exchange with other cryptocurrencies connected icon, transactions among different cryptocurrencies are ultimately realized. another key feature icon dex that can establish a.i. analysis model based the accumulated data such total call volume, transaction frequency, and price involved transactions among different cryptocurrencies. such data enable various adjustments features such the reserve rate and the reserve composition ratio each cryptocurrency, which turn create stable cryptocurrency that can used real life. nexus public channel nexus includes public channel opened anyone. embodied nexus through the multi-channel function the loopchain. anybody can participate the public channel the name implies. users participating the public channel can not only participate icx transactions, but can also create and use various dapps. the concept dapps public channel similar that ethereum, but there are differences how deployed and executed. ethereum includes the compiled codes the transaction data and executes the codes with virtual machine (vm). the other hand, public channel, dapps are developed and registered the dapps store advance; nodes that want participate the transaction must download and install dapps from the dapps store order use it. nodes participating the public channel are divided into light-client-based nodes that can register and confirm transactions and full nodes which validate the transactions. full nodes are chosen representation channels, the consensus channels nexus, and receive incentives when they validate transactions. addition, light client nodes can also receive incentives according various criteria such the transaction size the amount icx deposit. copyright icon foundation icon architecture governance icon essentially aims for decentralized governance. each blockchain connected nexus holds its own governance, and nexus progresses discussions with equal level representation behalf each independent blockchain like indirect democracy this end, nexus also includes representation channels propose policies and cast votes, reserve channel issue and manage icx, addition notary channels process btp. representation channel representation channel blockchain channel composed nodes that participate c-rep and thus have the right vote. consensus system that decides the rules all issues take place nexus. basically through c-rep that blockchains connected nexus hold the voting rights. other nodes such nodes that support off-chain transactions icx exchange and banks can also participate representation channels. representation channel, one can manage node policies regarding node addition and removal nexus, adjust icx transaction fee, manage node selection and removal from notary channel, representation channel, and reserve channel. addition, one can also discuss the policy regarding voting rights nodes from different channels. the policy that sets the voting right similar electoral college system. allocating the number votes eligible proportion the community size and the transaction scale, can reinforce the status relatively small communities. reserve channel reserve channel blockchain channel composed nodes that can generate icx nexus. when the genesis block created, icx will issued according predefined rules and the issued icx will stored public treasury nexus. this stage, a.i. analysis model will established based total money supply and transaction size decide the issue amount according inflation rate and exchange rate. anyone can participate reserve channel and participating nodes can issue bonds that can purchase icx issued from nexus. the bond limit determined based its contribution invigorate the icon network. afterwards, the nodes participating reserve channel can issue their own bonds much they need, exchange them for icx, and distribute icx. nexus can withdraw the bonds, which was issued these nodes and exchanged for icx, can exercise the bonds withdraw icx needed order manage total money supply. incentives transaction fees icx transaction and other types transactions from different channels are stored public treasury nexus together with icx, which steadily generated reserve channel. icx stored public treasury exchanged for bonds nodes participating nexus and distributed the respective nodes. the limit the bond depends how much the node has contributed invigorate the icon network. scoring system called iiss (icon incentives scoring system) applied here with variety criteria: the node's frozen icx, c-rep status, icx exchange volume, icx exchange volume the whole community has one, icx volume traded through dex has one, and on. scoring model calculated according these standards iiss will consistently updated invigorate the icon network the maximum the basis a.i. prediction model. copyright icon foundation icon architecture according iiss, the more actively the nodes participate the icon network, the more icx they can secure. nodes participating reserve channel can use the acquired icx the basis for business such banking. one can issue bonds higher limit based icx transaction volume and the icx secured enlisting customers variety deposit products, and then secure more icx based the relevant bonds pay for interests the deposits. variety services, addition banking, can operated through dapps public channel. besides making profit from charging fees the services, one can also benefit from securing icx allocated iiss, which may activate variety services. one can also receive predefined incentives icx after participating representation channel conduct proposal and cast vote. copyright icon foundation use cases inside icon the core icon loopchain. loopchain high-performance blockchain that can provide real-time transaction, which based enhanced smart contract. loopchain bitcoin, most synonymously used for virtual currency, distributed ledger that actually verifies the reliability blockchain technology. early blockchain technologies mainly focused virtual currencies. this led the introduction various virtual currencies which are actively traded through private exchanges. unfortunately, the early blockchain technologies have failed attract traditional financial institutions implement this technology into their operations. however, with the introduction ethereum and the concept smart contract, the blockchain technology has entered new phase with explosive interest from the industry. smart contract can allow transactions executed without trusted third party, and the blockchain technology, which previously remained mere ledger for transactions, was transformed into application platform. have seen various attempts embody transactions without trusted third party using public blockchain platforms, such ethereum, within the finance industry. however, the transaction speed tps (transactions per second) and the public nature nodes greatly limited the implementation the blockchain technology highly regulated financial sectors. order overcome such limitations, the need for enterprise blockchain technologies where only validated nodes can participated the transaction emerged. hyperledger fabric and corda have been leading this effort introduce enterprise blockchain technology various industries including finance, supply chain, and public sectors. since majority industries have different operational requirements and governance structures, enterprise blockchain with flexible features necessary accommodate such diverse needs. this idea was the start loopchain. loopchain high-performance enterprise blockchain with smart contract features that can customized according operational needs and linked with other distributed ledger networks. features consensus lft (loop fault tolerance) enhanced bft (byzantine fault tolerance) -based algorithm that promotes faster consensus and ensures the finality the consensus without the possibility forks within the network. lft supports faster consensus creating group among trusted nodes. lft can accommodate diverse consensus structure allowing such groups nodes freely determine the number votes. score (smart contract reliable environment) score enhanced smart contract feature loopchain that ensures high-performance contracts run directly the node operation environment without separate virtual machine (vm). score easily deployable and can created for various applications runs separate from the underlying blockchain processes. copyright icon foundation use cases multi-channel multi-channel feature allows independent channels created within the same blockchain network and execute request, consensus, and smart contracts. since the channel established with only two business nodes, integrity and assurance are ensured channel-by-channel basis, and transaction data held only actual transaction parties. tiered system apart from the initial authentication process participate blockchain network, each transaction validated and secured through pki-based authentication. loopchain can also set different access privileges create nodes with specific functions (e.g. audit, supervision) monitor certain transactions, necessary, without participating the actual transaction. consensus background bitcoin, the first service implement blockchain, has achieved the consensus all bitcoin nodes transaction ledger network global scale using algorithm proof work however, the algorithm proof work used bitcoin experienced difficulties under the circumstances requiring efficiency and spontaneity payment due low processing speed, inefficient energy usage, and partial network split. resolve this type the problem, started use bft (byzantine fault tolerance) series consensus algorithm mainly used for traditional state machine replication. for data consensus, bft series consensus algorithms (famous for pbft (practical byzantine fault tolerance) make consensus voting for validation data and sharing the results. tendermint announced blockchain consensus algorithm that modified pbft algorithm into dpos (delegated proof stake). addition, ibm fabric, private blockchain project for enterprise, chose pbft consensus algorithm version and attempted utilize sbft (simple byzantine fault tolerance) that simplified pbft consensus algorithm for orderer service version lft (loop fault tolerance) lft traditional bft consensus algorithm that improved raft algorithm, one the state machine replication algorithms that often used fault tolerance mechanism the current distributed environment, byzantine fault tolerant and optimize itself the nature blockchain network. copyright icon foundation use cases the object that organizes the blockchain network called node. these nodes are responsible for generation, validation, retention blocks and each node can create signature that can distinguish its own message. most the networks using consensus bft series algorithms can divided into leader nodes and validation nodes. leader nodes vote for validation block verifying the contents that leader has made. lft can also divided into leader nodes and validation nodes. the initial stage the network, verification nodes transfer the transactions that need executed the leader node. the leader node then creates block from collected transactions and transfers the block all the other verification nodes with its own signature. when each verification node receives the block, they confirm the creation the block, check the block level and the prior block hash are correct, and validate the block data. step are correct, 'vote data' generated and shared all nodes. important transmit vote data every node. leader node byzantine, possible separate certain nodes from the network transmitting blocks only the nodes that above the quorum. prohibit this sort problem, vote data transmitted every node. node without any block can know the block created not and also request the block the others. create blocks, leader receives vote data from nodes more than quorum. leader creates new blocks with vote data and transmits every node. this saves the need transmit every data once again guarantee that nodes more than the quorum have finished the same vote. also allows confirm the block verifying the vote new blocks. transmitted block not the initial one, validated node performs verification vote data more than quorum when verifying blocks. this when every node final commits prior blocks. the blockchain technique for nodes without trust construct trust network through distributed data agreement. not every state machine guarantees response like the current state machine replication system. each node provides service and creates transaction. leader nodes can reject transaction specific node when block created. minimize this problem, spinning was used reduce the number service faults that could caused the byzantine leader replacing the leader for every block creation. addition, have developed method directly tolerate fault handler avoiding the complicated leader fault tolerance algorithm used existing algorithms such tangora. lft distributed consensus algorithm for permissioned blockchain. improved the existing bft algorithm for the blockchain and simplified the process using block data. details the consensus process can found lft white paper. score (smart contract reliable environment) score indicates smart contract provided from loopchain. score ensures high-performance since runs directly real runtime but not separate vm. executed runtime based container separated from basic blockchain process, the basic blockchain process can still function properly even there problem with smart contract. one the key characteristics score the repository based versioning features. generally, when smart contract updated, data migration required. however, with our versioning capability, smart contract does not require data migration with every update. this means that smart contract update process easy and quick. provides local repository default for score distribution, and developers can easily deploy and update smart contracts using remote repository called score store. copyright icon foundation use cases bsi (blockchain signature infrastructure) bsi based smart contract enables the construction digital signature infrastructures like public key infrastructure (pki). the existing pki, separate trusted third party (ttp) that has relation the transactions was needed store keys safely and issue/manage certificates using the keys. however, bsi does not need manage separate keys for certificate issuance, since issues certificates which are issued creating digital signature the basis information that can process merkle tree based proof existence. loopchain, bsi-based certificates are issued nodes participating light client, addition normal nodes participating validation and consensus, use digital signature authentication and transaction relevant nodes. components users: generate pki-based key pairs and manage issued certificates (registration authority): identifies the user and requests for certificate issuance (certificate authority) score: provides services related certificate issuance smart contracts loopchain rather than separate institutions copyright icon foundation roadmap roadmap business roadmap date description open source loopchain developers meet-up partnership with major bank ico listing icx financial investment consortium: blockchain service open u-coin pilot service open: universities insurance: blockchain based auto-claim pilot service open developers meet-up expansion dex reserve pool most major cryptocurrencies expansion partnership with blockchain networks developers meet-up u-coin expansion: universities financial investment consortium: second service launch technical roadmap date version description nexus testnet launch nexus mainnet launch reserve channel open iiss implementation dex(ethereum/icx) launch wallet web/ios/android representation channel open public channel open a.i. advisor launch copyright icon foundation icx token icx token term summary target amount offered: eth currency accepted: eth only fixed price: eth per icx icx per eth) duration: token sale will close early target amount reached offering summary topic description icx token icx loopchain-based smart contract digital protocol that facilitates, verifies, and enacts negotiated agreement between consenting parties within icon the issuer icon foundation, swiss nonprofit organization icx represents limited license validate the icon and dex rights voting membership rights sharing revenue, dividends, equity, etc. refunds redemption none buyback option open market (treasury) regulatory redemption listing dex (immediate with eth) exchange partners copyright icon foundation icx token allocation expected allocation the icx token are token sale foundation community group strategy partners team, advisors early contributors and reserve use proceeds selected key use proceeds are tech company, reserve, foundation operating, business development, and strategy partner. copyright icon foundation icx token tech company: reserve: required for real-time dex with other blockchain network. reserve divided into reserve (eth reserve) and reserve (other reserve) reserve required for dex with ethereum based networks, and reserve required for dex with other non-ethereum based networks. foundation expense: covers operating expenses, marketing fees, legal account fees associated with the icon foundation business development fee: fees associated with the global expansion the icon foundation, including offices and business development related expenses strategy partner: costs associated with icx expansion, which are provided the global business partner development expense for blockchain engine, dapps, artificial intelligence, etc. copyright icon foundation issuance and incentives issuance and incentives issuance policy issuance icx can issued total volume annually with the consensus icon republic, taking into consideration the icx trading volume, dex trading volume, freezing volume, and transaction fee. however, icx not directly issued but providing nodes with the right issuance. these rights are granted the nodes icon republic, and each node entitled receive icx from the icon foundation exercising its rights. each node may exercise its rights any time and does not have exercise immediately. rights granted each node are determined based the icx issuing scoring system (iiss), and each node granted accordance its iiss score. nodes icon republic can acquire icx exercising their rights. iiss (icon incentives scoring system) iiss artificial intelligence (ai) based evaluation system for effective icx distribution policy. iiss based financial solution called 'davinci,' which uses machine learning technology enhance css (credit scoring system) existing financial institutions. davinci's algorithm provides optimal prediction model for icon republic. moreover, components including icx transaction volume, dex transaction volume, freezing volume, and transaction fee will used important evaluation criteria for iiss. iiss relies davinci continuously analyze, learn, and evolve relevant data icon republic. transaction fee the transaction fee set icx per transaction protect against ddos attacks. the transaction fee paid icx, and other tokens can converted into icx through dex. newly generated transaction fees are reserved the public treasury, from which the nodes can withdraw their icx through exercise rights. transaction fee can modified through governance consensus. public treasury public treasury public wallet that responsible for the issuance and storage icx. the public treasury operates according the policies agreed upon icon republic. incentives incentives are provided all nodes icon republic. incentives are provided automatically through iiss and granted the form the right issue icx. freezing fee copyright icon foundation issuance and incentives freezing allows icx deposited the dex reserve pool, allowing all participants with icx freeze their icx. the volume 'frozen' icx one the significant evaluation criteria iiss. copyright icon foundation appendix appendix a.. definitions transaction(tx) unit information. contains information that needs saved using blockchain. block single container containing collection multiple transactions. contains one multiple transactions. peer represents one peer the network. most blockchain tasks are performed peers. create transaction exchanges block and transaction network leader peer the peer that can create block among peers the network creates block collecting transactions regular basis and distributes the block the network collects transactions created each peer radio station creates group connects peers with group all running peers connect radio station obtain the connection status the neighboring peers the group monitors the status each peer score smart contract supported loopchain function that alters the state value with transaction input value runs after the block verified and new block added service system application system that attempts use blockchain. may legacy system that has been used before, service that newly created copyright icon foundation appendix a.. score score code configuration the function each function follows. invoke() adds data verified block separate embedded database query(): query internal data score processing flow conditions peer owns score provided separately copyright icon foundation appendix sequence leaderpeer creates invalidated block peer saves the invalidated block blockchain, and sends the verification result leaderpeer leaderpeer verifies the invalidated block based the verification result sent peer(s) transfers the invoke() function block and score through parameter when peer saves the verified block blockchain score needs inherit, write and add class called scorebase. actual transfer information takes place. runs the invoke() function putting the data the transaction which included the block inside score saves the result execution score storage, takes action saves block the blockchain a.. integration loopchain and legacy systems accessible the blockchain peer rest api through loopchain proxy. task-specific loopchain application sdk, which "wrapped" that can easily used according legacy environment and different tasks, provided well. this enables business development just calling api. copyright icon foundation appendix a.. loopchain multi-channel accessible the blockchain peer rest api through loopchain proxy. task-specific loopchain application sdk, which "wrapped" that can easily used according legacy environment and different tasks, provided well. this enables business development just calling api. a.. ai-driven policy the present economic system, centralized institutions make most the decisions. small group experts (e.g. fomc) the central bank judges the prices and the economy, and then decides the standard interest rate. the government coordinates the formation and distribution wealth based various policies. government policies other various fields are also led small number government officials belonging each department. the data that serve the basis for such series decisions and adjustments are often data with low accuracy that was collected the past. therefore, the economic judgment the existing economic system often produces adverse effects since slow, inaccurate, and the consequent action either inappropriate belated. addition, since relies human analysis and judgment, the personality characteristics person inevitably reflected the analysis decision the person makes, which leads lack consistency, yielding different decision-makings from the same set data. blockchain economic platform that enables reliable transactions among participants without separate intermediary trusted third party. the numerous transactions that take place within this platform reflect various economic motives and behaviors the participants. all transactions blockchain are recorded and synchronized real time with guaranteed integrity. possible analyze these big data precisely and delicately, breakthrough can achieved the way economic problems are managed now. copyright icon foundation appendix davinci labs: automatic modeling davinci labs: automatic clustering over the past two years, with a.i. big data analysis have produced results that outperform the models traditional financial institutions have developed over decades with hundreds experts. many financial institutions including the world's largest insurance group, major commercial banks, credit card companies, credit finance companies and savings banks have already begun adopting davinci labs, machine-learning-based a.i. solution have created. davinci labs are used various tasks such copyright icon foundation appendix loss ratio forecast, credit risk assessment, conversion rate prediction, price sensitivity measurement, fds (fraud detection system) and ews (early warning system). the process based traditional statistics requires user input every step. during this process, the user's intuition and background knowledge may applied the methodology analysis and the criteria decision-making, which turn cause misjudgments. also, due the nature this technique, only limited amount data made use, which makes unsuitable for analyzing the effects different variables. the other hand, more efficient and sophisticated data analysis possible automating analysis process with machine learning algorithm. the possibility misjudgment caused personal opinions minimized making human intervention less possible during the analysis. addition, the technique itself allows all data available utilized for analysis, can make synthetic analysis the effects different variables. will use solution davinci, which already verified number major financial institutions, analyze the data derived from the icon network and optimize its reward scheme. constantly monitoring and analyzing the transactions and the participants' behavioral data with davinci the icon network, the reward scheme will always remain optimized that the two goals incentives participants and growth the icon network are always kept aligned. most the reward and incentive policies the existing blockchain networks operate rigid manner, failing adequately address different market conditions. the icon network can maintain the growth level can flexibly respond market situation using ai. copyright icon foundation references references https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/white-paper https://www.bancor.network/static/bancor_protocol_whitepaper_en.pdf https://github.com/eosio/documentation/blob/master/technicalwhitepaper.md http://www.coindesk.com/tokenized-dollars-singapores-central-bank-details-new-blockchain-trial/ http://www.itu.int/en/mediacentre/pages/-pr.aspx https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_(nominal) https://e.co/korea-stands-out-in-asia-as-a-key-test-market-for-global-tech-companies-includingfacebook/ http://www.investopedia.com/news/why-south-korean-bitcoin-price--over-global-price/?lgl=rirabaseline-vertical https://exchangewar.info/ product development and distribution, pricing and underwriting, payment and collections, claims, policy administration and back offices, risk capital and investment management state-designated research hospitals joined the consortium https://www.ohdsi.org https://www.swift.com/ https://www.cryptocompare.com/exchanges/guides/what-is-a-decentralized-exchange https://www.wired.com///bitcoin-exchange/ https://bitsquare.io/ https://bitshares.org/ https://bancor.network/static/bancor_protocol_whitepaper_en.pdf https://goo.gl/hxqbur https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/byzantine_fault_tolerance https://davincilabs.ai copyright icon foundation references http://www.coindesk.com/information/what-is-a-decentralized-application-dapp/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/representation_(politics) https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/off-chain_transactions section a.. a.i. driven policy https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/white-paper https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/smart_contract https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/sharding-fa https://www.hyperledger.org/projects/fabric https://www.corda.net https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/byzantine_fault_tolerance section a.. loopchain multi-channel https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/byzantine_fault_tolerance http://pmg.csail.mit.edu/papers/osdi.pdf https://tendermint.com/static/docs/tendermint.pdf https://raft.github.io/raft.pdf https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_machine_replication http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document// http://www.scs.stanford.edu/au-csb/labs/projects/copeland_zhong.pdf http://docs.icon.foundation/en/whitepaper/_static/lft.pdf htps://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/light-client-protocol copyright icon foundation