open fund management platform disrupt the investment industry tim zagar, jani valjavec, zenel batagelj, ervin kovac, ales lekse the crises our time, becomes increasingly clear, are the necessary impetus for the revolution now under way. and once understand nature's transformative powers, see that our powerful ally, not force feared our subdued. (thomas kuhn) july why invest iconomi? iconomi about disruption the "uberisation" fund management. are pairing the business-model fundamentals the crypto-world and the obvious trend platform domination with new technological possibilities. internet, facebook, android, uber those are all the big stories where was impossible invest the early stages development. was either technically not possible (for example with the internet) was only reserved for "big investors", who turn reaped all the high profits. believe that blockchains are game-changers for the investment world, linking those with disruptive ideas directly those looking for investing opportunities, matter the skill level size investment. now possible invest disruptive technologies the very early stages. iconomi's mission cater investors looking for high profits, not possible the old economy. will through simple and trustworthy entry point, providing them with excellent experience, which crucial for keeping them investing the new economy. with your help, iconomi will bring influx fresh capital into the distributed economy, providing funding for exciting new projects and boosting the value digital assets along the way. iconomi creating the missing link between the old and the new economy. speaking the language the old economy and acting the principles the new one, iconomis transparent management will provided legislation compliant and regulated service operator. our timeline ambitious our journey already started when first began offering ether and learning what clients are missing. will finalise the required infrastructure and will introduce the first two iconomi investment funds. will dedicated our vision. will launch the iconomi open fund management platform with simple promise successful traders anyone can professional fund manager; "you bring the crypto-expertise, take care everything else". iconomi will open new financial services category the decentralised economy, with guaranteed income stream and ambitious platform vision. are positive that iconomi one the most appealing business proposals with its high probability investment multiplication. table contents creation new financial instruments ............................................... open fund management (ofm) platform ......................................................... coin traded fund (ctf) .................................................................................... coin managed fund (cmf) ............................................................................... iconomi investment funds............................................................................ iconomi.index fund.................................................................................. iconomi.performance fund ................................................................. iconomi platform details ............................................................................. iconomi crowdfunding initial coin offering ............................................. iconomi tokens (icn) ................................................................................... iconomi technical details .............................................................................. iconomi service operator ............................................................................... creation new financial instruments iconomi will launch the iconomi open fund management platform (ofm) and two types new financial instruments: the iconomi coin traded fund (ctf) and the iconomi coin managed fund (cmf). open fund management (ofm) platform the essence and vision the iconomi project the iconomi open fund management (ofm) platform for investing. ofm simple management tool where traders with knowledge and experience create their own investment funds. investors, the other hand, are able invest even the smallest amounts, getting clear overview available investment fund managers and their current past performance. the iconomi open fund management (ofm) platform will disrupt the asset management industry. iconomi ofm platform's promise short: "you manage the funds, take care everything else" bring the investors the time ofm platform introduction, the iconomi platform will already have large base iconomi ctf and cmf investors. the ofm platform systematically enables the sharing management fees between fund managers and investors with ethereum smart contract utilisation. the ofm platform will feature numerous easy use tools, such the portfolio management tool, market data analysis tool, market forecast and history and much more. coin traded fund (ctf) ctfs will managed automatically based predetermined rules and will inherently transparent. their behaviour will respond market developments, making the individual coin percentages the funds dependent preordained rules and changes the market. our analytical services will constantly monitor several market parameters, continuously analyse available market data, build detailed market forecasts and adapt investment funds needed, within preset limits. investors will benefit from lower risks, which are going mitigated with careful preselection included tokens value, and lower price volatility. since ctfs will continuously tradable, they will attractive investors who are looking buy and sell units the fund (tokens) matter seconds. daily liquidity ctfs the market going guaranteed market makers, who, exploiting arbitrage opportunities, will pushing the prices ctfs their net asset value. coin managed fund (cmf) cmfs will actively managed team experts financial analysts, mathematicians and cryptocurrency community professionals. veterans their respective fields, with decades experience and successful projects behind them, they will help hone the iconomi spear for attack the markets, making the iconomi cmf funds one the most profitable financial instruments. with possibility return investment multiplication, cmf funds will represent our highest risk investment opportunities. iconomi investment funds both ctf and cmf iconomi funds offer significant advantages over traditional investment funds. each iconomi investment fund will issue its own tokens. ctfs will offered all major exchanges, therefore expect them found (traded) there. cmfs will tradable only within iconomi. iconomi funds will hyper-liquid and accessible via the iconomi debit card when kept the iconomi platform. iconomi investment funds will establish new ground-breaking standards transparency all aspects fund management will accessible all times. iconomi will introduce two investment funds: the ctf type iconomi.index fund and the cmf type iconomi.performance fund. iconomi.index fund the iconomi.index fund will reflect the development credible cryptocurrency market. ctf fund will transparently managed and traded major exchanges. the iconomi.index fund will include several thoroughly-researched cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin, ethereum, lisk, steem and other major value tokens. carefully chosen package undervalued assets, stripped the risks associated with acquiring and storing the assets yourself, the iconomi index fund perfect for instantly creating well-balanced portfolio cryptocurrencies, while still enjoying significantly higher profits than with any other existing financial instruments. iconomi.performance fund the iconomi.performance fund will aim high performance multiplication investment. cmf will actively managed team iconomi experts. our team will scout for propitious early investment ico opportunities (crowdfunded startup projects and companies). through our company-focused fund, everyone can become venture capitalist, without any the hassle and capital requirements. order ensure the best possible management and prevent the possibility oversubscription, the iconomi.performance fund will invitation only. iconomi ico participants will invited join the iconomi.performance fund! iconomi platform details the iconomi platform envisioned this white paper meant exist autonomously after development completion. being crowdfunded project, majority will owned the crowdfunding participants the form iconomi tokens ("icn"), while share icns will reserved for the original development team, advisors, bounties and the earliest adopters/contributors. possessing the required prerequisites, cashila ood s.r.o. will serve the first iconomi service operator. will without participation profit-sharing, financing itself only from the capital raised through the crowdfunding campaign. iconomi crowdfunding initial coin offering the capital required for development and release the iconomi platform will secured through crowdfunding campaign iconomi initial coin offering (hereinafter referred "ico"). days after the conclusion the ico, iconomi will issue million iconomi tokens. iconomi tokens will ethereum-based tokens value (see below). ico will open everyone between utc and utc. during this time, special iconomi ico website will available ico.iconomi.net where ico participants will able generate user accounts. iconomi ico website will guide participants thought the deposit process. several fiat and crypto currencies will accepted for details regarding the deposits please see our faq. days after the funding campaign completed, the number iconomi tokens belonging each ico participant will determined based the total amount raised and the iconomi tokens transferred individual user accounts. should the crowdfunding campaign fail reach its capital goal btc equivalent, all funds will returned. iconomi tokens (icn) iconomi will issue milion iconomi tokens (icn) days after the crowdfunding campaign successfully ends. the iconomi tokens represent ownership the iconomi platform, comprising all assets and liabilities, well each and every right and obligation, including but not limited intellectual property rights, branding and trademarks. icn will ethereum-based token value. tokens are digital asset, bearing value themselves based their underlying assets, properties and/or rights. icn tokens represent ownership the iconomi platform, allowing their holders receive dividends and vote iconomi related issues. while bitcoin serves excellent example successful token value, ethereum enables easily create much more complex systems with very little entry costs. ethereum based tokens rely well-established ethereum infrastructure, benefiting from several advantages: security and predictability (as opposed to, for example, having run independent blockchain network); use robust and well- supported clients (ethereum- based tokens can managed with official ethereum clients): high liquidity (interchangeable with other ethereum- based tokens ether); easier listing exchanges with infrastructure already place; ethereum smart contracts enable very transparent and secure way profitsharing among the token holders. iconomi technical details all non-fiat funds sent during the ico will immediately with the next block after they are received sent cold-storage, multi-signature address. ether will transferred automatically smart contract already developed and tested with the current iconomi.net platform. private keyholders will announced before the ico starts and will include several well-known, independent individuals from the crypto community. order gain access the assets acquired during the ico, sufficient time from the issuance icns will have pass. what more, independent multisig signatories will have approve the transfer. the iconomi team will not hold the number private keys required gain access the funds. icns will issued with the deployment smart contract the ethereum network and transferred ethereum address users will able provide through the iconomi interface. users who fail will still able access their icns via the iconomi website. iconomi service operator the service operator the iconomi platform provides way materialising the actions the autonomous iconomi platform. the same way that juridical personality manifests its actions through its authorised natural persons, the iconomi platforms establishes its relationships with other juridical persons, natural persons and government entities through the at-the-time elected service operator. cashila ood s.r.o. (hereinafter referred "cashila") will serve the first service operator the iconomi platform. having its disposal the required knowledge, technical skills and manpower, well the status financial institution and longstanding relationship with both the crypto and investment communities, cashila will undertake develop and manage the iconomi platform accordance with the vision outlined this white paper and detailed the accompanying documentation behalf the icn token holders. cashila does not and will not claim register any kind property, trademark other rights pertaining the iconomi platform. all intellectual property rights, trademarks, branding and other rights remain exclusively the property the iconomi platform. cashila will develop and organise the iconomi ico campaign behalf the iconomi platform. cashila will develop and manage the iconomi platform the first service operator. although profit-sharing scheme between the iconomi platform and its service operator intended exercised, cashila will not participate profit-sharing least until such time that the capital raised during the iconomi ico covers the operational costs cashila. icn ownership entitles its possessor participate iconomi platform related voting. one the most important voting issues will the selection service operators. icn holders are free vote service operator any time after the iconomi platform has been launched, but not before -month moratorium has passed.