revised and amended march, table contents legal disclaimer ico summary overview the project scope the icobox project icos concept icos token icos platform project selection mechanism mechanism for exchanging icos tokens for new ico projects' tokens summary icos smart contract payment terms, distribution and rates projected timeline risk factors legal disclaimer the purpose this white paper present the icobox and icos token potential token holders connection with the proposed ico. the information set forth below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. its sole purpose provide relevant and reasonable information potential token holders order for them determine whether undertake thorough analysis the company with the intent acquiring icos tokens. nothing this white paper shall deemed constitute prospectus any sort solicitation for investment, nor does any way pertain offering solicitation offer buy any securities any jurisdiction. this document not composed accordance with, and not subject to, laws regulations any jurisdiction, which are designed protect investors. the product token not digital currency, security, commodity, any other kind financial instrument and has not been registered under the securities act, the securities laws any state the united states the securities laws any other country, including the securities laws any jurisdiction which potential token holder resident. icos token cannot used for any purposes other than provided this white paper, including but not limited to, any investment, speculative other financial purposes. icos token confers other rights any form, including but not limited any ownership, distribution (including, but not limited to, profit), redemption, liquidation, property (including all forms intellectual property), other financial legal rights, other than those specifically set forth below. certain statements, estimates and financial information contained herein constitute forward-looking statements information. such forward-looking statements information involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual events results differ materially from the estimates the results implied expressed such forward-looking statements. this english language white paper the primary official source information about the icos token. the information contained herein may from time time translated into other languages used the course written verbal communications with existing and prospective customers, partners etc. the course such translation communication some the information contained herein may lost, corrupted, misrepresented. the accuracy such alternative communications cannot guaranteed. the event any conflicts inconsistencies between such translations and communications and this official english language white paper, the provisions this english language original document shall prevail. ico summary icos token erc- standard-based ethereum token. icos tokens grant their holders the right vote favor new ico projects and allow them buy tokens issued selected icos fixed average discount tokens will offered for days starting august and ending september there will also public presale starting august and ending august for parties willing buy large number tokens tokens the early bird stage the presale and tokens the later stage). icos ico conducted icobox project the first saas ico solution the world. the offering will open the public globally. token sale volume: cap token issue volume: cap distribution tokens: for every icos tokens sold through the ico additional tokens will issued for distribution partners, advisors, bounty participants, and the team members. token price issue: .-. btc depending the date and time purchase website link: https://icos.icobox.io accepted forms payment: btc, eth, ltc, dash, zcash, etc usd (wire transfer) public presale start date: public presale end date: august pdt august pdt ico start date: ico end date: august pdt september pdt token issue date: september :pm pdt see section for details. overview the project scope the icobox project icobox unique product which allows drastically lower the cost conducting icos through automating and introducing templates and models all three essential ico components: technology solution legal solution marketing solution icobox aims stabilize the ico market through mass ico campaign production which will facilitate its decentralization and diversification. icobox occupies unique market niche because the first company positioned both sides the market that party conducting icos, since icobox offers professional ico solutions, and token holder, because the company also buys tokens other icos. although the icobox solution lowers the costs conducting icos, also allows conduct them high professional level. nobody knows the product better than the team which developed it. engaging full-time external ico experts requires significant time investment let them learn the product, and, consequently, significant expense. the services offered such agencies are quite expensive, and because their duration there months-long waiting list for conducting icos. ico could conducted the project team, but developing book building platform from scratch, writing smart contract, developing the legal concept, amassing the information marketing channels and resources will take the project team, which usually not well-versed these areas, very long time. icobox saas (software service) product which all standard ico elements are automated and simplified, and although the project team directly involved the launching the offering, the entire ico process directed experts each the respective ico component fields. such format produces the shortest project launch time and the lowest cost, and the customers longer need wait for external agency take their project. here the scope standard icobox offer technology solution smart contract; smart contract management system; book building platform; consultations developers setting the technology tools. legal solution review and recommendations: token legal concept, white paper, landing page; set legal documents, including token purchase agreement, terms use, and privacy policy; consultations legal aspects external attorneys experienced supporting icos. marketing solution marketing strategy comprising over tactics, specifying each tactic's potential impact; usd traffic package, including facebook, twitter, adwords and reddit, targeting blockchain community; bounty program setup conduct marketing campaigns languages; consultations marketing experts deployment marketing tools. icobox utilizes innovative economic model: its standard fee for ico tools and guidance services btc depending the scope services required which covers the icobox's project production costs. additional fees are charged, but icobox reserves the right buy tokens new projects' icos during presale discount, which makes the icobox's economic model financially viable. icobox reserves the right change the scope its services. the updated details will published https://icobox. io/#services see section "mechanism for exchanging icos tokens for new ico projects' tokens" for details. price bonus any icobox solution btc discount btc worth tokens any icobox solutions btc discount btc worth tokens full icobox service package, solutions btc discount btc worth tokens *free gift for full package buyers: review the new ico project's token concept; consultations business analysts, including guidance drafting the white paper and the landing page. icobox reserves the right revise its service prices. the updated prices will published https://icobox.io/#bonuses icobox reserves the right revise the terms bonuses for its services. the updated prices will published https:// icobox.io/#bonuses icos concept many projects seeking conduct ico are promising but underfunded. for them, paying even the low price tag btc struggle. these companies would benefit from the icobox's launch its icos token. the essence the project raise funds selling icos tokens. all net proceeds from the icos token offering will directed cover the cost icobox services help promising projects selected the vote icos token holders conduct their icos (see section "project selection mechanism" for details). funds cover the cost icobox services are allocated based the standard pricing icobox services (see section "scope the icobox project"). the project seeking receive icobox's services via this arrangement can apply receive any one, two all three icobox's solutions. ensure the spending transparency, icobox will open all icos token holders real-time access ico statistics about the number icos completed, the number icos progress (with projected timeline), and the amount funds spent. each project which will conduct its ico using icobox tools paid for with the funds raised through the icos token sale will give set number its tokens icos platform, where icos token holders will able exchange their icos tokens for the tokens new ico projects their choice. the number tokens project will have allocate icos token holders depends the range icobox services required for conducting its ico. solutions funds raised through the icos token sale allocated for the project tokens projects allocate icos platform any icobox solution btc btc any icobox solutions btc btc full icobox service package, solutions btc btc essentially, the number tokens the new ico projects will place icobox's platform will have equal value times the price icobox' services rendered. the number tokens calculated the rate exchange effect the start presale the relevant ico. token holders' goals which icos helps accomplish: purchase quality ico project tokens, ensured -step process: screening icobox's experts and selection the vote icos token holders; purchase tokens with unique discount and opportunity have say the project before launches its ico; purchase tokens any stage: presale, book building, and even after the end its ico provided the tokens are still available the icos platform; the tokens exchange rate remains unchanged regardless the token's market value. even the project's token sale ended, the exchange icos tokens new ico project's tokens occurs the rate effective the first date sales new ico project's tokens. the goals the ico project which icos helps accomplish: holding ico with the guidance icobox's experienced team without prepayment (payment only with future tokens); minimization costs all stages prior the end ico; opportunity receive recommendations directly from the future token holders (see section "project selection mechanism" for details). icos token each token offers the following rights its holder: right vote. each token grants its holder one vote which may used token holder's discretion select new projects for icos (see section "project selection mechanism" details). the more tokens one has the more votes one can cast. only whole icos tokens grant votes token holder owns fraction icos token, such fractional icos token does not grant any voting rights. token holder may award all his votes one project spread them among several projects. right comment. each token holder entitled comment projects which applied for ico through icos platform. all token holders may comment any number projects regardless the number their tokens and the projects they chose vote for. right exchange their icos tokens for new ico projects' tokens. when new project launches its presale, set amount its tokens placed icos platform where icos token holders may exchange their icos tokens for such new ico project's tokens the more icos tokens their holders exchange the less icos tokens and votes they retain. the exchange rate fixed the end icos sale and does not vary from project project from day day any ongoing new ico (see section "mechanism for exchanging icos tokens for new ico projects' tokens" for details). used for voting, commenting, exchange, icos tokens must remain the token holder's account icos platform see section "icos concept" for details. most icos tokens the token holders' accounts icos platform are physically stored ethereum cold storage, for security reasons, with small number tokens hot storage, for quick access. icos platform icos platform will launched icos.icobox.io website and will start gathering new projects' applications for icos before the end icobox's sale icos tokens after the completion book building the following functional interfaces will activated token holders' accounts: voting (selection projects for conducting ico paid for with the funds raised through the ico icos tokens); exchange (the list all completed icos specifying the number tokens placed the icos platform which are available for exchange); dashboard listing all token holder's tokens and offering the options viewing statistics, sending and receiving tokens. see section "projected timeline" for details. project selection mechanism all ico applications received icobox from the projects which are unable pay for the icobox services will screened icobox experts determine they meet the following criteria: compliance with the application format; economic viability; unique offer; team (visionary, team members' competence and potential). all screened applications that met the above criteria will posted icos platform, where icos token holders will weekly vote for the best projects which should awarded the funding pay for icobox services conduct their own icos. each icos token holder owns the number votes equal the number icos tokens owns. based the voting results, the following number projects which received the most votes will selected: projects per week projects per week and on: projects per week overall, total about icos intended conducted the first year icobox's existence (to compare, kickstarter.com conducted over successful campaigns years; the platform currently has average ongoing campaigns. more details https://www.kickstarter.com/help/stats?ref=footer). the number projects presented for screening and selection determined the number received applications and the icobox's capacity. icobox's capacity grows faster than expected, the weekly number selected projects may also increased. the voting held long the funds raised through the icos ico are available. any icos token holder, regardless whether participates the voting, may comment ico applications the icos website. this way, project teams can receive feedback from their potential token holders and modify their projects accordingly. the project failed selected through the icos token holder community's vote can revise the project reflect the received recommendations and apply again. mechanism for exchanging icos tokens for new ico projects' tokens exchange value each icos token btc, which means that every icos token can exchanged for the relevant number the new projects' tokens placed icos platform and worth btc presale prices. their standard price btc, icos tokens are exchangeable for other projects' tokens average rate value. essentially, this means that average icos token holders get new projects' tokens discount. consequently, the purchasing power funds spent the icos token relative the new projects' tokens varies slightly depending the price which each token holder bought his her icos tokens. the individual purchasing power for funds spent each icos token can calculated the end icos token sale using the following formula: see examples below: example example the rate half btc half btc quarter half btc quarter btc amount raised btc btc icos tokens sold icos tokens issued number icos conducted (full package) exchange value each icos token btc btc value new projects' tokens placed the platform btc btc average icos token purchase price btc btc price which john bought icos tokens btc btc purchasing power funds which john spent his icos tokens btc icos value btc tokens other projects' value btc icos value btc tokens other projects' value discount which john obtains new ico projects' tokens price which jane bought icos tokens btc btc purchasing power funds which jane spent her icos tokens btc icos value btc tokens other projects' value btc icos value btc tokens other projects' value discount which jane obtains new ico projects' tokens our first example icos token holder john exchanged his icos tokens bought for btc for the tokens new projects worth btc, thereby obtaining tokens worth times that the funds originally spent buy icos tokens. for jane this coefficient essentially means that john bought the tokens new ico projects with discount and jane got discount our second example the purchasing power john and jane's funds spent their icos tokens and respectively. the discount for new icos' tokens was for john and for jane. therefore, the higher the average price paid for icos token icos token sale all buyers and the lower the price paid for icos token specific buyer, the higher the purchasing power funds spent icos tokens and the higher the discount for new ico projects' tokens this buyer receives. each icos token may exchanged for the relevant number tokens one project assortment tokens several projects. about applications are expected presented for the token holders' review and voting per week. less than applications have been presented, the voting may postponed until the following week. more than applications have been presented, the surplus applications are carried over the following week. new project's tokens are placed icos platform the start the project's token presale. icos tokens can exchanged for any the presented new ico project's tokens any time, but during the first hours their placement icos platform the tokens are distributed/exchanged among all interested icos tokens holders only proportion number tokens they requested exchange. within the first hours more than btc worth exchange requests are received, the requests will satisfied pro rata basis. this amount not reached, the requests will met their desired amount. the remainder the tokens left after the distribution over the first hours will distributed based free market principle. there are more exchange requests received than could reasonably divided for instance, token priced btc cannot divided, but more than exchange requests were received, the tokens will distributed the order the requests were received. conclusion icos program. termination icos platform operations due the limited number icos tokens issued, and based the established mechanism the icos platform operations, over time possible that the majority icos tokens purchased during the ico will exchanged for tokens other projects burned. also possible that some point time the number projects interested conducting their icos may drop for various reasons, such market oversaturation, regulatory changes, etc. such cases, and when the number icos tokens burned reaches (which equals all issued icos tokens) more, icos program reserves the right notify icos token holders the completion icos program and offer them the last opportunity exchange icos tokens for the remaining tokens other projects available icos platform. icos token holders will notified the specific timeframe within which they will able exchange their icos tokens. after the expiration the established exchange period, the storage icos tokens tokens other projects icos platform will subject monthly fee defined below. the monthly fee will charged the icos platform users' accounts the day every month for the preceding month and will deducted icos tokens tokens other projects stored the users' accounts the rate which tokens other projects were exchanged for icos tokens. the monthly fee for the month after the end the exchange period shall equal icos its equivalent tokens other projects stored the users' accounts the rate which tokens these other projects' tokens were originally exchanged for icos tokens. the monthly fee may collected one several kinds tokens, random rate chosen the system automatically. the monthly fee for the and subsequent months shall equal icos its equivalent tokens other projects stored the users' accounts the rate which tokens other projects were originally exchanged for icos tokens, with the combination tokens collected determined the system random. the amount icos tokens tokens other projects user's account less than the monthly fee amount, the remaining balance will deducted fee for the preceding month and the user will cease have access the platform. effective march icos platform users will strongly recommended visit the platform monthly read any important updates which may posted the website. summary this arrangement allows prospective ico projects conduct their own ico paying with their future tokens, and high quality and efficiency (starting weeks from the date application the date campaign start, due standardization and automation processes). icos token holders can receive tokens quality projects they selected average discount the market gets hundreds great projects screened the icobox experts, selected icos token holders and implemented the new ico projects using icobox's tools and guidance. icos smart contract icos ethereum token. complies with and extends erc- facto standard and widely used token api. icos smart contract guarantees: transparency balance. the information the number tokens held any user public. transfers. all information transfers public and can traced back time. ownership scope. only ethereum users and contracts can token holders. uniqueness. each token belongs one user-owner. there are shared tokens. right transfer. token can transferred another user only the direct command its owner the command the receiver directly authorized the owner. token transfer may initiated another user. token supply single issuance. tokens are issued only once, the time deployment. supply. the token supply set the time deployment. destruction. every user can destroy (burn) some all his tokens, which are then deducted from the total supply. contract management replacement. the contract owner can relinquish the ownership favor any other ethereum user contract. blockade. the contract owner can stop resume token transfers between token holders any time. miscellaneous recovery. any call the contract which results error does not change the users' tokens ether balance, except for the gas spent the transaction. safe approval. the token contract supports two approve() functions: -parameter approve() (the erc- standard) and -parameter approve (), which guarantees that spender gets new allowance only current allowance equals presumed allowance. recommended use the -parameter approve for all approve() calls taking the presumed allowance the second input. uncertainty provisions the icos smart contract does not guarantee the following: user validity. details: ethereum address with positive token balance may not correspond any actual user private key, can result mistake. tokens transferred such users will likely lost. zero ether balance. details: the contract prohibits most, but not all means which ether could sent users who are not contract owners. complete registry. details: the contract does not provide list all token holders. however, guaranteed that every token holder either the contract creator token recipient the transfer() event. the list token holders can obtained checking all these events exploring the contract storage using blockchain explorers. payment terms, distribution and rates icos tokens will available for purchase public presale starting august the presale will continue until august the regular sale icos tokens will start august and will continue until september below are the sale terms dates and time price min purchase early bird presale august btc icos presale august august btc icos early bird ico august august btc icos ico august -september btc icos ico september -september btc icos icobox reserves the right offer special terms for strategic customers and partners. tokens can purchased with btc, eth, ltc, dash, zcash, etc, usd (wire transfer) tokensale.icobox.io. transfers can made from any btc, eth, ltc, dash, zcash etc wallet. for transfers usd and over, wire transfer option available. token buyers must register tokensale.icobox.io, entering and confirming their email address. after the registration, users gain access their personal accounts tokensale.icobox.io where they will have separate wallets for btc, eth, ltc, dash, zcash, etc, usd. their accounts users can choose the desired number icos tokens and transfer the required payment amount one the accepted cryptocurrencies generate invoice for wire transfer. once the payment received, funds will appear the corresponding wallet the user's account and may used for purchasing icos tokens. until the token purchase made, the funds may withdrawn from the account tokensale.icobox.io any moment sending request support@icobox.io. tokens are purchased the price effect the time purchasing, not the price effect the time when funds have been sent received the platform. when buying tokens with currency other than btc, the exchange rate fixed the time token purchase. accounts tokensale.icobox.io will accessible several days before the start the icos token sale. users will able sign and make transfers their icos accounts, but will not have the option buy icos tokens with deposited funds until the start the icos token presale.to take part the public presale, buyer will need purchase least the specified minimum number icos tokens icos tokens, depending the date and time purchase). the general icos token sale has minimum entrance threshold, except for the minimum transfer amount specified the relevant blockchain bank used the buyer. after the token purchase complete, the information about icos tokens credited the icos buyers should appear their accounts tokensale.icobox.io immediately. after the icos token sale over, personal account will automatically generated icos.icobox.io for every icos token holder. icos tokens will issued and transferred these accounts. once this step complete, icos token holders may any time transfer their icos tokens any third-party eth wallet supporting erc- standard. however, icos tokens must remain their accounts icos.icobox.io icos token holders wish participate voting, comment projects, exchange them new ico projects' tokens. all proceeds from the icobox's icos token sale will deposited escrow where they will kept btc. original payments made other currencies will converted btc and also deposited escrow. icobox does not charge any processing fees. processing time and fees are determined the payment processor. token holders are responsible for paying all processing fees and financial charges imposed the payment processor connection with the payment, including withdrawals from the account tokensale.icobox.io. the funds will released from escrow icobox step with the fulfillment icobox' obligations icos token holders the following order: the amount for each new ico project released the time when the project chosen token holders' vote; and the amount released the time when tokens the new ico project are placed icos platform once icos token sale ends, further deposits the accounts tokensale.icobox.io will permitted. decisions how handle the funds received after the end the icos token sale will made based the transfer date and time. only transfers sent out before the end the icos token sale will accepted; the rest will returned sender the original form payment minus transfer fees and bank charges. accepted funds and all other funds remaining users' personal accounts tokensale.icobox.io will converted icos tokens automatically the purchase price effect the end the icos token sale. for funds currencies other than btc, the exchange rate will fixed the time conversion. users who wish withdraw their funds from their accounts must contact the support team support@icobox.io later than pdt september avoid automatic conversion. pdt september icos tokens will issued participants and deposited their accounts icos.icobox.io. payment received after pdt september such payment will returned sender minus transfer fees and bank charges even was sent before the end icos token sale. for every icos tokens sold through the icobox's ico additional tokens will issued for distribution partners, advisors, bounty participants, and the team members. since icobox team gets incentive the form icos tokens, standard bonus the form discount for set number new projects' tokens not required. selected project fails complete its ico, and its tokens are not placed the icos platform, icobox will retain the prepayment but will forfeit the remaining the payment. selected project revises its plans and cancels its ico after icobox received the prepayment but before commenced its work, icobox will send back the prepayment amount the escrow. selected project fails complete its ico after its tokens have been placed the icos platform, icobox will retain the full payment; and icos tokens exchanged their holders for the respective cancelled new project's tokens will revert their holders. projected timeline april: start the icobox project development july icobox project launch; august public icos presale start; august september general sale icos tokens; august collection applications start september ico application platform launch september icos token issue october first voting, selection projects for new icos the project end date depends the amount funds raised through the ico icos tokens. all net proceeds from the sale icos tokens will towards providing the icobox tools promising crowdselling projects chosen icos token holders voting. this arrangement will continue while the funds raised through icos sale last. the remaining funds cannot divided the icobox's exchange rates, icobox's services for the last ico project will provided discounted price. for example, the amount remaining funds btc, the last ico project will receive full package icobox' services discount btc. even the amount the remaining funds minimal, icos token holders may still vote choose project which needs full icobox services package. for example, the amount remaining funds btc, icos token holders may still choose ico project which needs all solutions offered icobox. consequently, there minimum amount funds raised: the amount funds raised less than the cost the full icobox service package btc) less than even one separate icobox solution btc) for one ico project, the funds will allocated based the "last ico" principle. projected timeline the purchase tokens involves high degree risk, including but not limited the risks described below. before acquiring icos tokens, recommended that each participant carefully weighs all the information and risks detailed this white paper, and, specifically, the following risk factors. dependence computer infrastructure icobox's dependence functioning software applications, computer hardware and the internet implies that icobox can offer assurances that system failure would not adversely affect the use the sale participants' icos tokens. despite icobox's implementation all reasonable network security measures, its processing center servers are vulnerable computer viruses, physical electronic break-ins other disruptions similar nature. computer viruses, break-ins other disruptions caused third parties may result interruption, delay suspension services, which would limit the use the icos tokens. smart contract limitations smart contract technology still its early stages development, and its application experimental nature. this may carry significant operational, technological, regulatory, reputational and financial risks. consequently, although the audit conducted independent third party increases the level security, reliability, and accuracy, this audit cannot serve any form warranty, including any expressed implied warranty that the icos smart contract fit for purpose that contains flaws, vulnerabilities issues which could cause technical problems the complete loss icos tokens. regulatory risks blockchain technology, including but not limited the issue tokens, may new concept some jurisdictions, which may then apply existing laws introduce new regulations regarding blockchain technology-based applications, and such regulations may conflict with the current icos smart contract setup and icos token concept. this may result the need make substantial modifications the icos smart contract, including but not limited its termination, the loss icos tokens, and the suspension termination all icos token functions. taxes icos token holders may required pay taxes associated with the transactions contemplated herein, whether the united states their home countries. will sole responsibility icos token holders comply with the tax laws the united states and other jurisdictions applicable them and pay all relevant taxes. force majeure icobox's performance may interrupted, suspended delayed due force majeure circumstances. for the purposes this white paper, force majeure shall mean extraordinary events and circumstances which could not prevented icobox and shall include: acts nature, wars, armed conflicts, mass civil disorders, industrial actions, epidemics, lockouts, slowdowns, prolonged shortage other failures energy supplies communication service, acts municipal, state federal governmental agencies, other circumstances beyond icobox's control, which were not existence the time white paper release. such circumstances occur prior the issue icos tokens and icobox unable issue icos tokens within one month from the projected date, the escrow agent may issue refund the request the icos token purchasers. the refund will issued the original amount and form payment the same digital wallet bank account where the funds were transferred from. disclosure information personal information received from icos token holders, the information about the number tokens owned, the wallet addresses used, and any other relevant information may disclosed law enforcement, government officials, and other third parties when icobox required disclose such information law, subpoena, court order. icobox shall time held responsible for such information disclosure. value icos token once purchased, the value icos token may significantly fluctuate due various reasons. icobox does not guarantee any specific value the icos token over any specific period time. icobox shall not held responsible for any change the value icos token. number submissions ico projects icobox does not guarantee any number ico projects' applications submitted through its platform and/or available for voting. icobox has control over neither the number projects applying for ico nor over their quality. the expected number submissions based the number inquiries received icobox date and icobox's market forecasts. the number submissions and the number projects presented for voting may vary and may not reach the expected volume, which may ultimately affect the expected length the project and the icos token holders' ability exchange their tokens for the new ico projects' tokens the anticipated rate and discount. number new ico projects' tokens available for exchange the number new ico projects' tokens available for exchange for icos tokens may vary due multiple factors such the amount funds received icobox through the sale its icos tokens, the total number icos tokens sold, market conditions, legal regulations, and other risks. icobox does not guarantee any specific number new projects' tokens available for exchange for icos token any given time. incomplete ico icobox offers only technology, marketing, and legal tools projects seeking conduct their own icos. icobox has control over the actions the projects' teams. icobox will provide its tools any project selected the icos token holders. however, icobox shall not responsible for the completion success any ico such failure resulted from the actions the projects' teams third parties. existence projects which received paid services but failed issue its tokens may negatively impact icos token exchange rate. bitcoin volatility icobox's services are priced bitcoins. however, certain services included icobox service package are paid for icobox usd (for instance, marketing traffic). the bitcoin exchange rate volatility may impact the company's ability provide services the indicated prices. assumptions with respect the foregoing involve, among other things, judgments about the future economic, competitive and market conditions and business decisions, most which are beyond the control the icobox team and therefore difficult impossible accurately predict. although the icobox team believes that its assumptions underlying its forward-looking statements are reasonable, any these may prove inaccurate. result, the icobox team can offer assurances that the forward-looking statements contained this white paper will prove accurate. light the significant uncertainties inherent the forward-looking statements contained herein, the inclusion such information may not interpreted warranty the part icobox any other entity that the objectives and plans the icobox project will successfully achieved. please note that the icobox project may subject other risks not foreseen its team this time.