blockchain-based decentralized cloud computing whitepaper version version release contributors sep gilles fedak haiwu mircea moca mar gilles fedak haiwu mircea moca apr gilles fedak wassim bendella eduardo alves table contents blueprint for decentralized cloud computing background current limitations blockchain computing challenges traditional computing infrastructure challenges the iexec solution technical overview core value proposition key technological advancements market opportunity the perfect timing for go-to-market the blockchain market the dapps market the traditional cloud market the edge and fog computing market competitive landscape business use case: efast technology overview background: desktop grid computing the iexec sidechain infrastructure proof-of-contribution ... consensus protocols ... the need for poco ... the role poco within the iexec platform domain specific sidechain iexec smart contracts: matchmaking iexec smart contracts: multi-criteria scheduling iexec smart contracts: market management framework iexec smart contracts: result-checking the blockchain verified file transfers governance proof-of-concepts the marketplace for cloud resources the cloud computing marketplace ... cloud computing commodity ... workers pools ... the iexec marketplace ... pay-per-task (ppt) the dapp store the data marketplace roadmap go-to-market strategy essential (community edition) market network (enterprise edition) hybrid public-private infrastructure (enterprise edition) high performance computing (enterprise edition) beyond the distributed cloud (research edition) financials revenues costs token sale meet the team references blueprint for decentralized cloud computing iexec aims providing decentralized applications running the blockchain scalable, secure and easy access the services, data-sets and computing resources they need. this technology relies ethereum smart contracts and allows the building virtual cloud infrastructure that provides high-performance computing services demand. iexec leverages set research technologies that have been developed the inria and cnrs research institutes the field desktop grid computing. the idea desktop grid (aka. volunteer computing) collect the computer resources that are underutilized the internet execute very large parallel applications the fraction the cost traditional supercomputer. iexec relies xtremweb-hep, mature, solid, and open-source desktop grid software which implements all the needed features: fault-tolerance, multi-applications, multi-users, hybrid public/private infrastructure, deployment virtual images, data management, security and accountability, and many more. iexec developing new proof-of-contribution (poco) protocol, that will allow off-chain consensus. thanks the proof-of-contribution, external resource providers will have the usage their resources certified directly the blockchain. iexec aims deploy scalable, high-performance, secure and manageable infrastructure sidechain that will promote new form distributed governance, involving key hpc, big data and cloud industry leaders. believe future decentralized infrastructure and market network, where big data and hpc applications, highly valued data-sets, and computing resources (storage, cpu, gpu) will monetized the blockchain with the highest level transparency, resiliency and security and iexec the key platform powering this future. iexec building the internet's next step. part it! background iexec built upon the work our team members have done the inria and cnrs research institutes the field desktop grid computing since our breakthrough innovations the area large scale data processing, data management, parallel computing, security and dependability, qos technologies and interoperability have resulted over scientific papers top scientific conferences and journals. the iexec team was instrumental establishing the european desktop grid infrastructure, transparently executing millions jobs more than nodes and working with organisations like large hadron collider. had been constant relationship with key industrial companies like total, airbus, orange, ifp energy, well with innovative startups. from gilles fedak, haiwu he, oleg lodygensky and mircea moca were seeking solutions for implementing distributed cloud based desktop grid technology. serious drawback was the lack mechanism register and prove the contribution participants different natures: applications, datasets, computing resources and even human expertise. gilles fedak discovered the ethereum technology and first started use smart contracts implement distributed resource management. today, are confident that the conjunction desktop grid computing and blockchain has the potential disrupt the whole cloud, big data, and hpc economy. since the beginning the core team has rapidly expanded include blockchain hackers, business developers and marketing specialists. from research project, iexec now company, whose headquarters are lyon, france, with subsidiary hong kong. the team gilles fedak, ph.d. ceo, co-founder researcher parallel and distributed systems. haiwu he, ph.d. co-founder head asian-pacific region technical team oleg lodygensky, ph.d. cto lei zhang, ph.d. expert cryptography ugo plouviez lead java developer victor bonhomme full-stack engineer francois branciard ethereum developer vladimir ostapenco system administrator jeremy toussaint cloud engineer jean-charles cabelguen, ph.d. chief innovation adopation wassim bendella business developer blaise cavalli business developer eric rodriguez business developer mircea moca, ph.d. business developer julien beranger head communications hadrien croubois scientific consultant business team delphine ducros office manager eduardo alves ux/ui designer current limitations blockchain computing challenges blockchains like ethereum offer new approach run decentralized applications (also referred dapps). ethereum allows programmers write smart contracts code which executed the blockchain virtual machine. this represents potential revolution designing and executing services such investment, finance, crowdfunding, internet things, insurance, prediction markets, gambling, distributed data processing, and many more essence, disrupting wide swath centralized incumbents. despite their unique promise, blockchains offer very limited computing capacities run decentralized applications: few kilobytes storage, very inefficient virtual machine and very high latency protocol. eventually, blockchain technology will evolve overcome some these issues, but there will ever growing need provide additional capacities all but the simplest applications. traditional computing infrastructure challenges the existing clouds cannot fulfill the requirements dapps that need fully decentralized infrastructures for their execution. meanwhile, there growing demand for computing power from industries and scientific communities run large applications and process huge volumes data. the computing power run big data applications most often provided cloud and high performance computing (hpc) infrastructures. however, cloud and hpc infrastructures are complex and expensive. that means that innovative small businesses often don't have the means and the expertise acquire and operate hpc platforms, while traditional cloud infrastructure vendors like amazon aws are still very expensive for demanding applications (e.g. gpu rendering). furthermore, data centers consume massive amounts energy for running servers and the cooling systems. this not only costly but can have huge negative impact the environment. need new form decentralized cloud that can enable blockchain computing and lower the cost infrastructure usage. the iexec solution technical overview iexec will support the emerging class blockchain-based distributed applications and enable cost effective high-performance computing building decentralized cloud infrastructure. blockchain-based decentralized cloud will allow on-demand, secure and low-cost access the most competitive computing infrastructures. dapps will rely iexec automatically search, find, provision, use, and release all the computing resources they need: applications, datasets, and servers. iexec envisions new ecosystem companies offering storage, computer farms, data providers, web hosting, and saas applications, all conducting business with each other through iexec. the decentralized cloud will open new markets for aggressive usage existing computing infrastructures. lower the amount energy required run the servers and the air conditioning systems, servers can pushed out data centers. easing the access such machines, distributed cloud would allow drastically decrease the environmental footprint data centers, while bringing the data closer their producers and consumers. core value proposition iexec addresses the needs all the decentralized businesses: dapp providers can perform off-chain computations demand. application providers can radically lower the computing costs their decentralized applications using safe, robust and reliable infrastructure. data providers can expand their potential market size integrating their services with the iexec marketplace. server providers can monetize underused computing resources and increase the return investment their existing infrastructure, seeking higher profits providing their servers the iexec marketplace. existing infrastructure providers iexec allows the rapid monetisation existing computing resources for home users additional monetisation for existing infrastructure providers like miners. functionalities like sharing spare cycles, using servers compensatory approach and usage resources from different providers without the hassle resource management allows new use cases and simple additional monetisation. decentralized applications cloud infrastructure users iexec will provide computing resources decentralized applications much lower cost than traditional blockchain computing resources, helping them drive more value for their customers. transparent reputation resource providers will reward reliable providers, with integrated quality-of-service controls providing the required level computing resources. support for different resource providers and full visibility into partial contributions from each provider will also contribute transparency. key technological advancements developing robust decentralized computing market network requires several technical breakthroughs: development proof-of-contribution protocol offer provable consensus, traceability and trust, development smart contracts enable the acquisition and provisioning computing resources and automatic post-execution payments, development technology that allows dapps access off-chain computing resources demand, development technology advertise and utilize computing resources the market network, support for service level agreements resource utilisation tracing resource usage and providing verification sla fulfillment both customers and providers. the upcoming solutions proposed iexec will position the world's premier decentralized computing market. market opportunity the perfect timing for go-to-market the convergence several trends has created the optimal business environment for decentralized cloud infrastructure. the emergence blockchain proof-of-work tokens has resulted vast pools computing resources that are optimised seek the highest return investment, providing ample resources the supply side. smart contracts have reached the point where they can include all the complexity market network for decentralized computing resources, therefore vastly simplifying the infrastructure. addition traditional cloud computing users, new breed distributed applications coming into prominence, disrupting the incumbents and showing potential great promise for the future. the sum these trends justifies imminent go-to market, order take the lead cloud computing for dapps and ready scale with the increasing demand for cloud resources the years come. the blockchain market ico alternative means financing company. this new operational model, the market approach blockchain startups focuses the circular economy and the needs well-defined ecosystem. thanks these cryptocurrency fundraisers, startups can raise millions just few days even minutes. more than billion was raised through icos around the world. the time writing, the total market capitalization cryptocurrencies over billion. the demand for distributed ledger technology, reduced total cost ownership, rising cryptocurrencies market cap and initial coin offerings, increasing demand for simplified business processes, transparency and immutability, faster transactions, and blockchain-as-a-service are all said fuel the growth this market. report published january royal bank canada (rbc)' capital markets' analyst, mitch steves, confidently stated that the cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology applications market could increase thirteenfold years, reaching trillion. blockchain-based cryptocurrencies will permit creating decentralized versions value storage services like dropbox icloud. the trillion figure represents one third the current size the market for value storage. the same time, steves warns that cloud service providers are likely the most impacted from blockchain technology, with negative results they don't manage adapt. the dapps market april chris mccann, from state the dapps, has analyzed the top decentralized applications (dapps) built top ethereum, the largest decentralized application platform. the dapps currently deployed can clustered into main broad categories: decentralized exchanges, games, casino applications and pyramid schemes. one key takeaway from his research that the top dapps each category are all still very small relative traditional consumer web and mobile applications. observes mccann. mccann concludes that ''we ecosystem need build better tools and infrastructure for more widespread adoption dapps.'' iexec envisions itself one these tools, allowing decentralized applications have simple, secure and scalable access powerful off-chain computing resources. these resources will enable computational support for wide plethora cpu gpu-intensive dapps, the fields artificial intelligence, cryptography, rendering scientific computing. iexec has chosen focus dapps first step its adoption strategy, and envisions crypto sphere more valuable and diversified applications that make use the unique properties blockchain, and grow throughout their journeys compete with traditional consumer web applications. the traditional cloud market the cloud delivery and consumption model has revolutionized the entire industry over the past decade, evidenced the dramatic rise public cloud services. its first forecast the opportunity, international data corporation (idc) estimates that worldwide whole cloud revenues will reach billion which represents more than double those the past few years have produced steady stream innovative new services introduced the major public cloud service providers, including blockchain services, iot back-end data services, encryption services, serverless computing services, and even new computing hardware services. iexec will identify the areas where its decentralized cloud market network can best compete with existing cloud infrastructure providers, and focus its efforts these potential competitive advantages. the team's speed-to-market due comprehensive existing technological foundation will grant iexec first mover advantage, positioning iexec the go-to computing provider for the decentralized applications the future. iexec will allow traditional cloud services run new fashion within its decentralized network, enhanced the ethereum blockchain and the iexec sidechain. this unique infrastructure will give birth the first global market for computing resources, which these resources are provided mix private data centers and public workers. the edge and fog computing market the internet things rapidly expanding its potential transform everyday life with smart homes, cities, farms and manufacturing facilities. there are huge growth prospects for the market, with gartner forecasting that billion connected things will use worldwide developing solutions for the internet things requires unprecedented collaboration, coordination, and connectivity for each piece the system, and throughout the system whole. all devices must work together and integrated with all the other devices, and all devices must communicate and interact seamlessly and securely with connected systems and infrastructures. possible achieve, but can expensive, time-consuming, and difficult, unless new lines thinking and new approaches iot security emerge away from the current centralized model. fog computing horizontal, system-level architecture that distributes computing, storage, control and networking functions closer the users along cloud-to-thing continuum. the global fog computing market has the potential reach more than billion worldwide according recent study from the research openfog project. research anticipates that adoption the fog-as-a-service model will initially trail product-oriented approaches among early adopters, but that faas will grow represent more than one-third all deployments the outcome-based lease model grows familiarity and popularity. the cloud segment will grow from segment share segment share reach billion iexec addresses both the edge and fog computing markets, since our open infrastructure can also work with private pool workers. fog and cloud complement each other form service continuum between the cloud and things, providing mutually beneficial and interdependent services. iexec actively participates the elaboration standards and contribute building frame reference the fields fog and edge computing. so, iexec has joined the openfog consortium, thriving ecosystem organizations who share collective vision that fog computing key enabler iot and other advanced concepts the digital world. openfog includes arm, cisco, dell, intel, microsoft, and princeton university, and has since grown into robust organization with nearly members from across the globe. iexec's goal and role within this consortium accelerate the deployment fog computing technologies, with focus developing blockchain-based open architectures that will support intelligence the edge iot. competitive landscape restrict our review the competitive landscape blockchain related activities, particular projects offering: off-chain computations, data hosting, and computing resources. several projects allow computing untrusted resources, like enigma truebit. while these projects are interesting from research point view, they often rely solutions that severely limit their applicability, e.g. multi-party computation for enigma. contrast, proof-of-contribution allows iexec integrate any legacy applications libraries. iexec doesn't compete with blockchain-based online storage solution such storj, filecoin sia. instead, iexec allows the monetization data sets usage, i.e. data access for particular application execution. oraclize acts intermediary between the smart contract and the source data providing the guarantee that no-one else can push wrong data within the smart contract. these are complementary technologies, with which synergies can found. there exists few projects that offer computing resources through the blockchain. gridcoin creates cryptocurrency based the computations provided boinc-based volunteer projects, thus mainly limited altruistic contributions for scientific projects. golem, sonm and iexec share the same vision new internet infrastructure enabled the blockchain. however, their respective go-to-market strategies differ. golem aims first assembling network attract regular rendering users their platform, sonm approaching the fog and edge computing from the beginning, while iexec first focuses supporting dapps build decentralized cloud that eventually will competitive enough attract cloud and hpc users. besides, iexec has the following advantages compared with existing and future challengers: iexec leverages decades research its founding members the field desktop grid computing the iexec team was instrumental establishing the european desktop grid infrastructure, and has therefore strong ties with key industrial companies like total, ibm, airbus, orange, ifp energy, well innovative startups reduced time-to-market because iexec backed mature technologies, such the xtremweb-hep middleware enterprise-oriented features proof-of-contribution (poco) unique and advanced algorithm that incentives network growth and optimal usage the platform revenue model each version the development roadmap business use case: efast based the typical distributed application requirements, have prepared business use case for service that improves financial trading based sophisticated computational methods that require hpc for their execution: efast. important feature iexec the interconnection between applications, services, data and computing resources. this use case, efast using data and computing resource providers available via blockchain technologies. application providers efast application created with the goal helping small investors improve their trading decisions via different services such clusterization stocks based sophisticated computational methods. the computational complexity requires high performance computing (hpc) for the execution that until now, available only large financial institutions. using the iexec distributed cloud virtual supercomputer, efast will able offer its clients budget-friendly and secure service improve their investment decisions. each new service developed efast will sold directly the blockchain, similarly the softwareas-a-service approach from traditional cloud. efast customers will use dedicated smart contracts, which define the efast functionalities and usage rights within iexec. data providers data important source business, technical and scientific innovation. this has driven the emergence blockchain-based data marketplaces with companies like ledgys and kaiko.com, archive cryptocurrency stock exchange data. iexec will enable efast, the application provider, connect the data provider kaiko.com, enabling efast run based specific user-defined portfolio. computing resource providers aws microsoft azure, decentralized cloud service providers like qarnot computing stimergy, blockchain mining companies like genesis mining which are always looking optimize their resource profitability for example, running hpc computations conjunction with mining ethereum blocks. user can select efast the application used, kaiko the data provider and stimergy the resource provider. application, data, and resource are afterwards represented smart contracts deployed the blockchain, embedding their terms use. technology overview background: desktop grid computing desktop grid (i.e. volunteer computing) uses underutilized computing resources execute very large parallel applications the fraction the cost traditional supercomputer. some examples include well-known applications like seti@home, folding@home, and distributed.net. desktop grid computing includes several features that make good platform for fully-decentralized cloud: resilience: node fails, computing continues the other working nodes. efficiency: applications get excellent performances even computing nodes are highly heterogeneous. ease deployment: allows use any nodes without specific configuration, even those located the edge the internet. this makes desktop grid the perfect solution for assembling hybrid infrastructures, whose computing resources can range from classical high performance computing clusters, cloud infrastructure providers and home personal computers. iexec relies desktop grid open-source software that have developed the cnrs and inria research institutes assemble loosely distributed computing resources for hpc and big data. xtremweb-hep mature, solid, and open-source desktop grid software that allows use any kind computing resources for executing compute-intensive data-intensive applications. during the last decade, have also developed large portfolio technologies for distributed computing: mpich-v for parallel computing, bitdew for large scale data management, spequlos for providing quality service application execution, the first implementation mapreduce for internet computing, and more. many our research results have been published top scientific conferences and journals (over papers published) and successfully raised more than eur,, public funding including several research grants. have obtained unique expertise making the desktop grid technology running and available various scientific communities well startups and innovative industries. from with several european partners, established the european desktop grid infrastructure (edgi). this considerable effort was supported the european union, which funded projects (edges, edgi, degisco, idgf). the goal was provide researchers and academics with additional computing power coming from desktop grid infrastructures. edgi has been huge success. connected dozen sites (hungary, france, uk, spain and the netherlands) the main european e-infrastructures, such the one supporting the large hadron collider switzerland. gained considerable experience connecting clouds and hpc systems desktop grids succeeded transparently executing millions jobs more than nodes. the iexec team showed the applicability the technology many fields science: high energy physics, biomedical research, mathematics, financial algorithms, material research, rendering, and more. collaborated with the key industry players such total, airbus, ifp. more recently, received funding from the french national research industry order provide innovative smes access low-cost, on-demand and secure hpc services. conducted many interviews with smes from the biomedical and e-health sector understand their needs and requirements and designed mvps and pocs. the emergence blockchain was the key enabler that triggered our motivation that eventually led the iexec project. the knowledge and experience gained exploring, inventing and establishing internet-wide distributed computing infrastructures crucial part creating distributed cloud for blockchain-based distributed applications, while the foundation already developed technology guarantees fast time market and timely project completion. the iexec sidechain infrastructure iexec relies the blockchain coordinate the access computing resources distributed applications. this approach led several innovations with respect classical blockchain technologies particular, the proof-of-contribution consensus protocol and domain-specific sidechain. proof-of-contribution ... consensus protocols traditional blockchains such bitcoin ethereum rely the proof-of-work protocol, which ensures that token transactions that happen the blockchain between participants are validated large number nodes using cryptographic challenges. with iexec, contribution, i.e. some actions that happen out the blockchain (like providing data set, transferring file, performing computation, giving human expertise) will lead token transactions between participants. this means that new protocol needed prove the fact that contribution actually happened correctly and that the corresponding token transactions can take place the blockchain. call this kind consensus protocol proof-of-contribution. there are several similar protocols [filecoin, gridcoin, fatcom], which allow the building consensus between the blockchain and off-chain resources. for example, gridcoin proposed the proof-ofresearch protocol reward volunteers who donated part their computer time great scientific computation [boinc] such biomedical research (folding@home). proof-of-contribution designed more universal framework, allowing validate greater number actions. ... the need for poco iexec building decentralized cloud platform where application providers, dataset owners, owner computing resources (workers) and users can value their assets using the rlc token. while the platform can compared existing ones, the fully decentralized nature iexec implies that single agent needs trusted and that those agents require incentives contribute correctly. this context, poco (for proof-of-contribution) protocol developed iexec, which describes the interactions between the different agents and leverage features such staking build the required incentives. ... the role poco within the iexec platform the iexec platform requires two entities order work: marketplace where agents propose their resources and where deals are made using the rlc token. distributed computing infrastructure based the middleware xtremweb-hep. poco acts link between those two entities. when deal sealed, poco initiates consensus which will validate the different contributions made workers the middleware. when consensus the result the computation reached, poco triggers the relevant transaction which takes place the marketplace. stated previously, different agents have different roles and different incentives. before describing the protocol itself lets first list those agents: workers: they are individuals companies who own computing resources and are willing make them available for the computation tasks against payments rlc. similarly blockchain miners, they want simple solution that will make their computer part large infrastructure that will take care the details for them. worker pools: worker pools organize workers contributions. they are led scheduler, who organises the work distribution. they can either public and federate resources from anyone private and try optimise the management specific hardware. while not doing the actual computation, they receive fee for the management the infrastructure. they compete attract workers, which they achieving efficient management which guarantees the income workers. app providers: they deploy applications the iexec platform. those applications can dapps using the full potential blockchain-based decentralized cloud legacy applications which could benefit from the iexec decentralized cloud. they can make their applications available for free ask for fixed fee for each use their application. dataset providers: they own valuable datasets and are willing make them available, secure paradigm that protects their ownership, against payments rlc. users: they are individuals smart contracts paying for the execution tasks, with without specific datasets, using the computing resources workers. they want make sure that the results they receive are correct. the iexec hub marketplace: this smart contract, deployed iexec, and without privileged access. acts escrow for the different agents' stake and ensures the security and transparency all transaction the iexec ecosystem. the iexec hub marketplace decentralization, security and confidence are ensured the blockchain technology. all others agents are considered potentially malicious. the design poco's oversight all transactions between the agents done such way that creates strong economic incentives behave correctly. this makes iexec much more than other conventional cloud providers giving the capability organising trusted computing platform top infrastructure untrusted agents. not only this trust building process interesting feature have, essential providing any result blockchain users and smart contracts. domain specific sidechain ethereum allows code executed the blockchain using smart contracts great advance for blockchain technology. however, the dao attack [hackdistrib] has shown that dealing with smart contracts complex issue, especially when everyone allowed deploy them. prevent potential security issues, iexec will follow more restrictive approach: domain specific sidechain. domain specific sidechain also means that will adapt the blockchain meet the requirement distributed infrastructure management. there might the case where transactions would arrive "en masse" (i.e. tasks submissions) case where low latency (communication/acknowledgement) required. this case, relying sidechain with specific capabilities can allow process these events. for josh stark, co-founder the projects working build the ethereum infrastructure and expand its capabilities are commonly referred scaling solutions. these take many different forms, and are often compatible complimentary with each other. "cryptoeconomic consensus gives core hard kernel certainty unless something extreme like attack happens, know that on-chain operations like payments, smart-contracts will execute written. the insight behind layer solutions that can use this core kernel certainty anchor fixed point which attach additional economic mechanisms. this second layer economic mechanisms can extend the utility public blockchains outwards, letting have interactions off the blockchain that can still reliably refer back that core kernel necessary", explains josh stark. many layer scaling solutions are currently being developed, each offering specific tradeoff between speed, finality, and overhead. among these, can cite state channels, plasma, raiden, poa and parity bridge, cosmos, etc. iexec will leverage domain specific sidechain lower the costs gas ethereum, while choosing solution differentiating itself its applicability other main chains. iexec smart contracts: matchmaking matchmaking algorithm [matchmaking] used distributed systems pair resource request with resource offer according their description. when designing distributed cloud, the matchmaking algorithm essential building block resource provisioning. basically answers the question: can run this task this machine? envision the iexec blockchain store smart contracts describing the computing resources characteristics, such for example amount ram, cpu type, disk space. that means that some contracts will describe the requirements for running task deploying instance (minimum amount disk space, ram, gpu runtime requirement, expected hypervisor etc.). matchmaking contract will the pairing, possibly implementing different kind policies. several matchmaking description languages have been described scientific articles and implemented software. iexec team plans design and adapt simplified version the well-known and tested classad [classads] that powers the condorhtc distributed system, developed the university wisconsin. iexec smart contracts: multi-criteria scheduling distributed systems, scheduling algorithm distributes set tasks execute set computing resources. the scheduler key component any distributed computing systems, the performance the application execution mainly depends its effectiveness. particular, challenge design multi-criteria scheduler, i.e. algorithm that has several strategies select the computing resources and schedule the tasks. for instance, one customer may want minimize the price even the computation takes longer time, while another customer may want the best performances even higher cost. the iexec team has developed advanced multi-criteria scheduler [multicritsched], which allows customers define their own preferences based criteria such cost, performance, trust, reliability, and energy efficiency. iexec will adopt simplified version this scheduler. iexec smart contracts: market management framework there still ethereum framework manage market, allowing the users put offers and demands stored and updated dynamically. iexec will develop simple api register bids and set template contracts easily deploy customized markets. iexec will also provide web user interface and the javascript code that allows interacting with the contracts and easily placing orders. iexec smart contracts: result-checking the blockchain result checking process that verifies that result has been correctly computed untrusted node [sarmenta], and there exist several approaches implementing it. however, existing methods (replication and voting, spot checking, reputation etc.) have been designed with the assumption that the computation were done for free (ignoring the economic perspective). iexec will develop new result checking algorithm that leverages the blockchain and the smart contract features. this approach, users will able choose business partners from the market based their provable reputation and the established budget. this will enable for example escrow type mechanisms, where payments for the execution will deferred until the result has been certified. this mechanism can also coupled with reputation system that stored the blockchain and enables the platform only run redundant computations for the less trusted nodes, greatly reducing the required resources and price computing. verified file transfers likely that commercial content distribution will one the biggest functions distributed applications using the iexec blockchain. this would for example mean customers paying for high value datasets (like genetic financial data) using smart contracts that would give them access data. iexec will guarantee that content provider was actually able provide the file, and confirm that the file has actually been downloaded before processing the payment, therefore protecting the data recipient. iexec also protects data providers against malicious downloaders, who could pretend that the file transfer didn't succeed order reclaim the payment. governance because iexec will only authorize signed smart contracts deployed the blockchain, form governance necessary consider, such peer reviews, and sometimes revoking smart contracts. smart contract should include: proposition describing the contract, written similarly rfc standards, the code the smart contract associated with the description. eventually, distributed standardization body will collaboratively evaluate and elaborate the smart contract propositions. proof-of-concepts demonstrate the potential the platform and show its technical feasibility, have prepared several proof-of-concepts, based our already developed technology. there are many commercial and research distributed applications well-suited for running the iexec platform. this not only provides lower costs but also highly scalable performance. here are just few examples that have been integrated the poc platform and that can immediately used: video transcoding: ffmpeg, complete, cross-platform solution record, convert and stream audio and video. physics simulation: guineapigpp, simulation beam-beam interactions high energy e+e-colliders. digital signal processing (dsp): university westminster. physics computation (isdep): fusion, solving the dynamics fusion plasma. audio analysis: dart, framework for distributed audio analysis and music information retrieval. optimization algorithms: bnbss, different type deterministic and heuristic optimization algorithms for solving global optimization problems. blockchain-based cloud computing announced devcon, iexec, inria and the stimergy startup france have collaborated the provisioning distributed data-center through smart contract deployed the ethereum blockchain. off-chain computations november within the supercomputing conference (salt lake city), have demoed how off-chain computations can easily made thanks iexec. only takes minutes insert application the iexec application repository. then end-users can interact with their applications using the metamask front-end like executing the application, sending transaction its corresponding smart contract. after the execution the application, the result available directly the blockchain. high scalability order evaluate the scalability the solution, have conducted preliminary performance evaluation using the grid research infrastructure france. our results are very encouraging, iexec shows excellent performances for single worker pool that contains nodes and using the dsp applications. course, being distributed cloud, anyone will able deploy its own iexec pool. the marketplace for cloud resources the cloud computing marketplace ... cloud computing commodity iexec introduces new paradigm cloud computing: will allow the trading computing resources commodities; the same way may observe with resources such oil, gold rice. understand the benefit global market for computing power, let draw comparisons with the oil market. when you are stopped gas station, filling your car with oil, you have little idea where that oil comes from how arrived that gas pump. there entire industry behind the scenes, that has standardized the whole process from petroleum extraction, processing, transport and delivery, and eventual utility being consumed vehicles. now take the example application developer. developer needs resources too, the form computing power from cloud vendors 'fuel' his applications. however, contrast, they not have the luxury benefiting from organized and global market with abundant choice vendors and competitive prices. let's imagine you are driver the same situation, with choice but fuel car the same way developers fuel their apps. being driver this case, you would have call specific iranian venezuelan extractor organize oil transported directly your car. what's worse that, because each oil company produces its specific oil without standardization, the driver would probably have process 'transform' the oil that compatible with his car. today, this the situation developers find themselves in, the current age cloud computing. therefore, the entire infrastructure must changed. our vision with iexec create the first global market for computing resources. ... workers pools computing resources will have the possibility integrated into the iexec network, making the first decentralized cloud that able execute any type applications using (almost) any type resource. any machine will able become "worker", i.e. getting paid rlc for executing application tasks. workers will organized worker pools. each worker pool managed scheduler, whose responsibility distribute tasks workers. thus, worker pool somewhat similar what know 'mining' pools. individual miner often joins mining pool maximize their chances getting reward computations. similarly, worker, you would join public worker pool that will make sure that has sufficient workload distribute. interesting feature that several public worker pools will compete, therefore allowing for the best possible quality service. worker, you switch different worker pool, you will still able maintain your reputation, bringing 'with you' the new pool, this all recorded the blockchain. the marketplace, you will also find what call "private" workers pools, where all machines are provided single cloud provider running his own scheduler. already have sealed agreement deals with several cloud companies the area 'green it' that offer more sustainable approaches data centers. what does change for developers? piece 'work' now defined triplet: application, dataset, and worker pool. means that every dapp can now have access unlimited off-chain computing resources just specifying this triplet. developers simply have deploy their legacy applications (as docker containers) and datasets, and connect existing worker pool. ... the iexec marketplace thanks the iexec marketplace, users will able view all the different worker pools, the available resources, the prices for using them, and on. based these different offers, users and developers will select the corresponding pool execute their task. the marketplace implemented smart contract and already part our 'poco' protocol. the marketplace provides easy-to-use interface that users and developers can see how the market and ecosystem dynamically evolving. ... pay-per-task (ppt) make this market possible, have change the way pricing done traditional cloud computing. with aws for instance, you use particular instance, which have known characteristics for some time. hence, the common way pricing the usage the renting instance per hour, depending the zone. such method cannot used build global marketplace, because the resources will come from many providers (including internet users) and thus will very heterogeneous. address this issue are introducing new method for pricing that call pay-per-task, and have defined several task categories that describe the execution boundaries. we'll start with very simple definition for task categories, namely wall clock time reference machine and amount data transferred. we'll setup test infrastructure that application developers can evaluate the category their submissions. conversely, worker pools will able benchmark their infrastructures against the reference machine. later, we'll refine the categories, and provide more advanced tools for helping developers maximize the usage the infrastructure. the dapp store the decentralized cloud opens the way whole new generation applications based the ethereum blockchain. these decentralized applications are referred 'dapps'. design, the capacity the ethereum blockchain limited applications with very low computation requirements; iexec increases the computing capacity for all these new decentralized applications. the journey becoming cutting-edge cloud network, iexec has launched the first-ever dapp store for decentralized applications mid-december targeted sectors will artificial intelligence, big data, iot and fintech-based applications that require intensive computing power. all the applications built top iexec will listed the dapp store. users will able browse through the existing dapps and use their favorites, while developers can submit their own dapps and earn money they wish monetize them. the dapp store can seen collection applications spanning all use cases. these apps are curated and classified into multiple categories. applications are ranked following their reputation, and users can discuss and leave comments each dapp page. this dapp store connected the cloud computing marketplace, well the data marketplace, realizing the triptych that will power new generation powerful dapps. providing platform for dapps with open marketplace model important step towards decentralized economy. are proud strong actor being able deliver products feed this trend. order boost the development applications the blockchain, iexec will organize regular challenges aimed funding the most innovative and impactful applications relying the iexec cloud resources. the first edition the dapp challenge has reserved prize pool support the most promising proposals received. the data marketplace today the world big data, massive datasets are waiting turned into value. facebook and google well, but iexec believe this can done anyone, which why will build marketplace connect those that have data those that don't have it, but would like leverage it. applications running iexec will able make use ocean data their disposal. the data marketplace allows anyone sell data, whether application that accumulates data, big corporations individuals. data can span from wide variety fields such financial data from stock markets, user behavior data from e-commerce website, anonymized medical data from hospital. applications can then buy and run algorithms this new tap data, relying the decentralized computing resources provided the cloud marketplace. together, the iexec cloud marketplace, dapp store, and data marketplace represent the three bricks the triptych that will power blockchain-based decentralized applications and beyond. roadmap achieve our goals, developed the following implementation roadmap according several funding levels. with the minimum funding btc), iexec will deliver initial market network that allows monetize applications and servers. with maximum funding btc), iexec will gradually develop the market network including data providers and hpc applications, then establish recurrent sources revenue iexec. go-to-market strategy will develop versions the product that correspond steps terms go-tomarket strategy. community edition (v) features create open-source software that allows build the decentralized cloud. enterprise edition (v, features establish full market network profitable for wide range businesses. research edition (v) features make serious advances that can address wider topics than cloud computing (iot, fog/edge computing). essential (community edition) the essential version aims provide dapps running the ethereum blockchain access off-chain computing resources. this essential step blockchain computing allows broader range applications run the blockchain. the moment, the gas mechanism provided the ethereum blockchain makes the execution algorithms with computation and/or memory requirements rapidly costly and performance prohibitive. thanks the essential version iexec, dapps will have simple, secure, and practical way reach off-chain computing resources execute their applications. this end, the essential version will provide smart contract api for task execution. our proofof-concept, have already bridged ethereum with the xtremweb-hep desktop grid middleware. the bridge monitors the task smart contract, and when transaction detected, triggers the computation off-chain computing resources. when the computation over, the result sent back the smart contract. avoid part the security risks, the infrastructure will only include trusted computing resources. also, this version, resource payment scheme will considered yet. the essential version will target initial number dapps, whom consider our future early adopters. iexec will provide set in-house applications, and will provide support for early adopters that want deploy their applications iexec. market network (enterprise edition) this version build the market network, firstly addressing the application providers and server providers. introduce pay-per-task scheme that allows the payment from the task smart contract the application and the server providers. iexec users can access the market network launch compute intensive applications different ways, e.g. api, gui cli. application providers can decide payment scheme through smart contract api. this version will target the classic compute intensive open-source applications with very large user base particularly rendering (like blender, luxrender), biomedical research (like blast, autodock), mathematics (r) and finance for which already have significant experience. with respect server providers, the focus will establishing partnerships with infrastructure providers, such smaller cloud providers, individuals and miners interested renting their server farms, mining rigs home servers. through its pay-per-task scheme, this version opens the first revenue stream through agreements with the approved resource providers. this the very beginning doing business between providers monetizing their resources. the usage the iexec computing service will expand, making the business within the network market grow. hybrid public-private infrastructure (enterprise edition) this version includes key features for the enterprises widely adopt the iexec market network providing them with full control over the private/ public employment their resources. well grounded the needs industry, designed mvp (minimum viable product), interviewing startup companies from the lyon biopole healthcare innovation competitiveness cluster understand how they would interact with distributed cloud. thanks this study identified three mandatory requirements: data must treated with least the same importance computations, clear distinction between public/ private access resources. for example, private resource can only accessed the proprietary company restricted set trusted partners. conversely, public resource can handled any hosts. have clear vision cost vs. performance when provisioning computing resources. first glance, designing system which provides these three features challenging fully decentralized infrastructures. fortunately, already have strong research results and practical experience each these three areas. this version will target data providers, allowing them join the market network. moreover, broader range enterprises will able start shipping their applications and dapps through iexec. with this version, the market network will allow several direct connections between different resource providers. this version strengthens the revenue stream iexec allowing new revenue models conceived for dapps requiring higher level trust and quality-of-service. these applications will benefit from dedicated environments using selected resource providers, well specific qos features through performant sla. high performance computing (enterprise edition) this version allows miners join the iexec market network server providers, and provide their customers with true supercomputing capabilities. the moment, the mining farms monetize their gpu resources computing blockchain consensus. through iexec, these providers will gain access new market blockchain-based hpc applications. this, the providers will offered the opportunity better exploit their vast amount computing power and extend their businesses. for instance, genesis mining operates the largest ethereum mining farms, which are composed tens thousands gpu cards, all together representing considerable computing power petaflops). for the first time the supercomputing conference (sc), along with key actors the domain (jenhsun huang, ceo nvidia and marco streng, ceo genesis mining), initiated clear synergies between hpc and blockchain computing. this iexec version will provide all the technology building blocks make this happen. addition miners, the iexec hpc version will extend the application providers pool gpu-based applications. these applications address deep learning, rendering, computational fluid dynamics, molecular dynamics, finance, and many more. we'll put focus deep learning applications because its incredible fast growing usage, and because actors are already keen using gpu cloud computing for that. this version aims extend the previously existing revenue models based the integration advanced enterprise features that bring higher value providers. beyond the distributed cloud (research edition) the goal this edition allow new usage iexec beyond the distributed cloud. this will clear step further blockchain computing, dapps will fully autonomous applications, able provision resources, data, and applications directly from the blockchain fully decentralized way. this end, it's necessary integrate several software and protocols that are emerging now, that may developed during the course the project, like devpp, swarm, uport etc. combined with full development the proof-of-contribution, this will open new areas the field serverless services, directly hosted the blockchain. will also necessary design new consensus protocols able handle the iexec workload. plan lead those researches partnership with recognised research labs europe and china. this will open the market network new applications specifically deployed iexec take advantage the distributed cloud: iot, fog/ edge computing, smart city. for instance, recent study shows that telecom companies (at&t, verizon, huawei, orange ...) can halve their infrastructure costs distributing small data-centers along their network point-of-presence. iexec will the building block for such approaches. the platform increases complexity, iexec will provide advanced method for deploying iexec ready dapps, making the "heroku/ docker for blockchain computing". thus, new revenue stream will gained offering hassle free deployment and development platform top the market network. financials revenues iexec will generate revenues from different sources: partnerships with resource providers (v) and application providers (v) providing private mode for applications/data/servers (v) providing advanced services for dapps (v) monetization possibilities from the iexec dapp store advanced financial services cloud resources costs the funding planned cover development and operational costs for four years. there will three main sections operation: development and maintenance the iexec platform, marketing and expansion the iexec market network, academic collaboration support the most advanced research programs this area. the main cost categories are the following: the largest part the funding will dedicated establishing world-class team developers, strategists, marketers, and business developers. with the maximum financing, will able hire persons, for four years. office and indirect costs include costs offices both france and hong kong, well other indirect, employment-related costs. marketing and communication activities are mainly focused building network application providers, data providers and key computing infrastructure providers (clouds and miners). this includes two people that will work dedicated with sales and marketing efforts, one towards the traditional industry and one towards blockchain-based companies. research programs will conducted collaboration with the most recognized research institutes and universities europe (inria, cnrs, ens-lyon, upmc, university paris xi) and china (university tsinghua, chinese academy sciences). complementary funding will obtained through national (anr, nsfc) and european (h) research agencies. contractors security audits will commissioned independent subcontractors: qirinus for platform security and lab for incentives design. contingency will represent the total budget (or for minimum financing). token sale rlc tokens will used access the resources provided the market network. will the unique way payment for application providers, server providers and data providers. conditions: starting date: april gmt ending date: may gmt minimum objective amount: btc maximum amount: btc max rlc total supply: rlc max rlc sold: rlc founders, team and early investors: rlc (max) rlc (min) bounties, r&d, development and marketing: rlc (max) rlc (min) special contingency reserve: rlc (max) rlc (min) softcap: rlc btc payment without bonus: rlc/btc special bonus: for the first days, for the next days whitepaper: https://iex.ec/whitepaper/iexec-wpv.-english.pdf results the crowdsale the iexec crowdsale opened april utc and ended during those hours mins collected: btc and eth. the time btc was valued usd and eth usd, thus iexec raised the equivalent $,, usd making the largest ico history. total rlc have been issued and distributed contributors. meet the team gilles fedak, ph.d. ceo, co-founder dr. habil. gilles fedak has been permanent inria research scientist since the ens lyon, france. after receiving his ph.d degree from the university paris sud followed postdoctoral fellowship the university california san diego his research interests lie parallel and distributed computing, with particular emphasis the problematic using large and loosely-coupled distributed computing infrastructures support highly demanding computational and data-intensive science. gilles produced pioneering software and algorithms the field grid and cloud computing that allow people easily harness large parallel systems consisting thousands machines distributed the internet (xtremweb, mpich-v, bitdew, spequlos, xtrem-mapreduce, and active data). co-authored about peer-reviewed scientific papers and won two best paper awards. fedak co-edited with cerin the desktop grid computing book, (crc publication), and received the chinese academy sciences pifi award. haiwu he, ph.d. co-founder head asian-pacific region pr. haiwu was talent professor the cnic (computer network information center), chinese academy sciences beijing. chunhui scholar the ministry education china since prof. haiwu received his m.sc. and ph.d. degrees computing from the university sciences and technologies lille, france, respectively and was postdoctoral researcher the inria saclay, france, was research engineer expert inria rhone-alpes lyon, france from has published about refereed journal and conference papers. his research interest covers peer-to-peer distributed systems, cloud computing, and big data. oleg lodygensky, ph.d. cto dr. oleg lodygensky cnrs senior research engineer lal/cnrs, located paris xi, france. oleg the main developer xtremweb-hep, the open-source software for desktop grid computing used production the institute for nuclear and particle physics. introduced many concepts and technical innovations xtremweb-hep, including virtualization, bridging with grid infrastructure, volunteer cloud, data-driven desktop grid, security trusted/untrusted environments, and user/application/data rights management. oleg lodygensky has been graduated phd from the university paris xi. jean-charles cabelguen, ph.d. chief innovation adoption jean-charles has phd science from ensam paristech and years experience working international business development interacting with big players like edf, areva, cegelec. his background research, m&a and startup development. digital entrepreneur, also worked go-to-market strategies and marketing campaigns with more than companies. his track record involves both transforming business models for startups, and finding the right strategy for major group deployed asia. new and futuristic technologies that represent paradigm shifts bringing major benefits human society is, above all, what empassions him. jean-charles, blockchain more than technology, strategy build open-sourced societies. used travel all over the world give keynotes schools, institutions and blockchain events, and will leverage these skills create traction and drive adoption for the iexec platform. lei zhang, ph.d. expert cryptography dr. lei zhang has deep expertise cybersecurity, applied cryptography and hardware-based security. developed his expertise security the areas iot, nfc, secure elements, cloud computing, biometry, linux kernel, and even worked military applications these technologies. also has granted patents security and nfc. iexec, lei will lead innovation the most crucial area the project exploring new solutions, and creating partnerships that will push forward the stateof-the-art decentralized cloud services iexec building. ugo plouviez lead java developer ugo plouviez has joined the team lead java developer. during his past years spent singapore and hong kong, ugo has gained remarkable expertise java technology applied fintech. has tackled challenges such in-memory real time analytics, high frequency trading, mission-critical software, always the bleeding edge java and cloud technology. iexec, ugo will address the issue refactoring and architecting iexec make scalable, robust, safe, and highly efficient. victor bonhomme full-stack engineer victor software engineer, graduated from insa lyon. thanks many years working experience the former cto startup revolutionizing the entertainment industry china, knows best how bootstrap projects facing thousands users, meeting high requirements terms user experience and scalability. lately, when charge the software stack quantitative hedge fund shenzhen, developed expertise building robust and heavy-load resistant software, that you can entrust with the delicate task moving millions dollars around, day and night, and still getting peaceful sleep. hadrien croubois scientific consultant hadrien french phd student working the avalon team the lip the ecole normale superieure lyon. specializes parallel processing, distributed systems, and workflow distribution. hadrien started part time collaboration with iexec scientific consultant. this status allows french phd students provide smes with expertise close their topics research. hadrien will collaborate the design and evaluation the proof-of-contribution algorithm (poco). francois branciard ethereum developer francois software engineer graduate from polytech annecy. has strong backend experience complex systems working for years orange information systems. started developer, endorsed the role technical leader, and then was charge the build center activation department for several business critical projects. iexec, brings his technical expertise working many production applications with high availability constraints, performance and security. passionate open source solutions and blockchain technology, francois dived into ethereum and learned its ropes. now charge smart contract development for the iexec project. vladimir ostapenco system administrator vladimir ostapenco infrastructure, security and cloud manager iexec. after finishing his master degree information systems, networks and virtual infrastructure administration, developed deep interest cybersecurity, and blockchain technology. vladimir has also made thesis log mining and anomaly detection for which worked the analysis and aggregation logs within infrastructure thousands users and hundreds machines. member the regional information systems security club and certified cisco security, his goal create and maintain highly secure and scalable environment for iexec. jeremy toussaint cloud engineer jeremy toussaint software engineer joining the team java developer. learned from experiences france and the united states architect and develop scalable systems for the internet. iexec, jeremy will here push xtremweb-hep's core features and capabilities the next level. the existing features will tuned create the scheduler and worker components the iexec platform. wassim bendella blockchain business developer wassim bendella business developer who has acquired strong expertise marketing innovation and driving adoption. wassim holds master degrees the fields economics, business administration and management it, and has lived many countries among which morocco, france, poland, finland and the netherlands. after thesis blockchain business models, decided leave the oil and gas industry fully engage the field blockchain, attracted its major potential for innovation, freedom, peer-to-peer exchanges, and the removal useless intermediaries. has since consulted for dozen startups including tenx and bancor, helping them improve their marketing strategy and successfully raise funds. with iexec, sees himself being part team that's participating the blockchain revolution, and involved with partnerships management, public relations, business strategy and content creation. blaise cavalli strategy business developer blaise cavalli business analyst iexec, focusing market opportunities analysis, development strategy and business development. with double master's degree general engineering and business intelligence about technological innovation challenges, blaise passionate about entrepreneurship and disruptive digital technologies. the last years, has been involved many promising projects from startups smes about different digital innovative concepts (software platforms, intelligent and connected systems, projects linked with artificial intelligence, data science, internet things, decentralized cloud computing blockchain). blaise has been passionate about the blockchain revolution since early developed his skills this area both personal and professional level, which brought him strong knowledge and expertise the current blockchain ecosystem. delphine ducros office manager delphine holds master degree european business law, which led her many experiences the legal sector before deciding refocus herself more multipurpose activities. iexec, delphine charge managing all the aspects the daily life employees, and therefore taking care human resources, logistics, accounting, taxation, purchases and office layouts. she also the interface with iexec's accounting and law firms, insuring the compliance the rlc token with the laws force. eduardo alves ux/ui designer eduardo ux/ui designer with more than years experience entrepreneur brazil. moved france for master degree ux/ui design, after which joined iexec, where daily involved projects along with the marketing and developer teams. eduardo specializes graphic design, front-end integration, photography and video production. eric rodriguez technical business developer eric rodriguez has joined iexec high performance computing (hpc) and gpu computing expert. with more than years experience scientific software development, eric bringing over his strong expertise applied mathematics, programming, project management, well industrial and academic collaborations. spent years the french research institute inria, where conducted research grid computing topics, and years siemens working with numerical solvers supercomputers. iexec, will support the adoption our decentralized cloud computing platform for ia, and rendering applications. mircea moca, ph.d. fintech business developer dr. mircea moca associated professor the babes-bolyai university romania, where received his ph.d. followed doctoral internship and postdoctoral internship inria, ens-lyon france. his research interests lie distributed computing, mapreduce and recently cryptocurrency and blockchain technologies. participated the development and validation the mapreduce implementation for volunteer computing environments. developed innovative user-satisfaction and multi-criteria scheduler for hybrid distributed computing infrastructures. the recent years acquired expertise project management. julien beranger head communications julien beranger charge the communication and content. graduated chinese studies the french national institute oriental languages and civilizations and taught chinese language for five years. discovered the crypto thing and worked community outreach officer for ios payment app. june joined the openclassrooms marketing team, the leading e-learning platform europe. wrote several articles about cryptocurrencies adoption and smart contracts' design. he's also the founder abie, crowdfunding tool built ethereum. references [bitdew] fedak, g., he, h., cappello, november). bitdew: programmable environment for large scale data management and distribution. ieee international conference for high performance computing, networking, storage and analysis. (pp. -). [boinc] anderson, david boinc: system for public-resource computing and storage. in: grid computing, proceedings. fifth ieee/acm international workshop on. ieee, (pp. -). [blast] he, h., fedak, g., tang, b., cappello, may). blast application with data-aware desktop grid middleware. proceedings the ieee/acm international symposium cluster computing and the grid (pp. -). ieee computer society. [cisco] evans, "the internet things: how the next evolution the internet changing everything," cisco white paper, vol. pp. [classads] solomon, (). the classad language reference manual, version computer sciences department, university wisconsin, madison, wi, usa. [cyclone] adrien lebre, anthony simonet, anne-cecile orgerie. deploying distributed cloud infrastructures: who and what cost? intercloud apr berlin, germany. proceedings the fth ieee international workshop cloud computing interclouds, multiclouds, federations, and interoperability, http://www.cyclone-project.eu/intercloud.html [fatcom] factom scalable data layer for the blockchain http://fatcom.org [fogcomputing] cisco, fog computing and the internet things: extend the cloud where the things are, april https://www.cisco.com/c/dam/en_us/solutions/trends/iot/docs/computing-overview.pdf [gartner] gartner says billion connected will use percent from february egham, u.k. https://www.gartner.com/newsroom/id/ [gridcoin] rewarding volunteer distributed computing. http://gridcoin.us [hackdistrib] analysis the dao exploit, phil daian, june http://hackingdistributed.com////analysis-of-the-dao-exploit/ [l] stark, (february making sense ethereum's layer scaling solutions: state channels, plasma, and truebit. [matchmaking] raman, r., livny, m., solomon, july). matchmaking: distributed resource management for high throughput computing. proceedings the ieee/acm seventh international symposium high performance distributed computing, hpdc (pp. -). [multicritsched] mircea moca, cristian litan, gheorghe silaghi, gilles fedak (). multi-criteria and satisfaction oriented scheduling for hybrid distributed computing infrastructures. future generation computer systems, pp. [sarmenta] sarmenta, (). sabotage-tolerance mechanisms for volunteer computing systems. future generation computer systems, (), [state the dapps] mccann, april). state the dapps: observations from usage data. [xtremweb] fedak, g., germain, c., neri, v., cappello, (). xtremweb: generic global computing system. proceedings. first ieee/acm international symposium cluster computing and the grid, (pp. -), ieee. [xtremweb-hep] data driven volunteer cloud middleware, oleg lodygensky. https://xtremweb-hep.lal.inp.fr