make shared eco for global foods white paper ifoods chain foundation ltd. www.ifoodschain.io contents abstract ..................................................................................................................................... glossary ................................................................................................................................... ifoods chain desire and mission ................................................................................. ii. food safety detection eco background ................................................................... food safety detection market scale analysis...................................................... high quality food safety market demand ........................................................... development trend food safety detection methods ............................... pain points food safety and quality detection .............................................. iii. ifoods chain eco model ................................................................................................ iv. ifoods chain application scenarios ............................................................................ smart food detecting device and mining (awards).......................................... distributed data value protection and delivery .............................................. distributed food detection network................................................................... distributed eco maintenance and administration .......................................... distributed e-commerce network ....................................................................... ifoods chain technological models ......................................................................... ifoods chain technological structure .................................................................. core technology ...................................................................................................... vi. ifoods chain digital token .......................................................................................... ifood introduction................................................................................................. ifood advantages .................................................................................................. ifood circulation model ....................................................................................... vii. ifoods chain digital token distribution ................................................................... .foundation administration..................................................................................... pass-through offer plan ......................................................................................... distribution details and nodes ............................................................................. project schedule ................................................................................................ viii. ifoods chain team introduction ................................................................................ core team .................................................................................................................. consultant team....................................................................................................... ix. cooperative organization .......................................................................................... disclaimer ....................................................................................................................... abstract valuable strategy make detection platform for food quality and safety, and relates with national economy and people's livelihood. present, the effective eco consisted consumer, experts, enterprises, and organizations etc has not been established for food quality and safety. supply-side lack channels for reliable detected data transmission, consumption-side lack convenient and safe food quality and safety detection methodologies, methods and knowledge. the traditional centered detection methods, with disadvantages high cost, time-consuming, cannot meet the consumers' requirements rapid and instantdetections. express desire and put forward proposal make shared detection platform for food quality and safety. ifoods chain public chain that bases block chain technology make safe, reliable, shared distributive food quality and safety detection. the profit consumers, detection officer and inspector protected smart contract. food detectionsmart device and dynamic arp detection (dai) technique enable the consumers'detection food quality and safety rapidly. multi-party attracted participate the eco using excitation mechanism and shared block chain technique. block chain existing evidence and distributed storage technique guarantee the safety and querying the trade information. the development decentralized application (dapp) and smart device realize the multi-distributive mode application all technology areas food quality and safety. the public chain system requirement met the design the white paper. the public chain system ifoods chain realizes many applications including smart devicefood detection and dagger, distributed food detection data value delivery and protection, distributed food detection network, distributed eco maintenance and administration, and distributed e-commerce network etc. glossary ifood:ifood the digital coin the de-centralized eco. food detectionsmart device: food detectionsmart device distributed device that bases reliable food data model collect samples being detected, and upload the data food detection and location, and simultaneously daggering. super probe system: super probe system, developed ifoods chain and focused mature application meat detection, headed consumer, enterprises and supervises and can rapidly and instantly obtain food quality and safety information, kind smart device food detection. distributed data value protection and transmission: ifoods chain's eco data self-owned, which participants' data are absolutely confidential and the data for trade can done safely and reliably. distributed food detection network: participants ifoods chain eco are the massive distributed device owners. distributed eco maintenance and administration: ifoods chain eco includes the profit the participants such trade matching, community voting etc. distributed ecommerce network: ifoods chain, the access market needs community voting for medium high quality food distributed sales network, which different with traditional sales network. usp system:usp(universal service platform) system mediated element the ifoods chain block chain. usp system will reserved for front-end application open api interface and sdk for different users. dai:distributed artificial intelligence (dai) combination the artificial smart and distributed calculation. did:ifoods chain uses did identify and manage entities' network identity the chain. did aims realize the identity authentication based blockchain, which generation, management and user authentication, etc. obft: obft sort algorithm that improved having super nodes, error tolerant rate and better consensus efficiency. ifoods chain desire and mission ifoods chain desire: make global food detection shared eco ifoods chain global mission: ifoods chain public chain developed basing block chain technology, smart contract, dai, smart devices and other technologies. ifoods chain provides consumers with the means quickly detect food safety and quality data, protect the rights and interests food detecting experts, and promote the development food safety. ii. food safety detection eco background food safety detection market scale analysis according the global food market data issued the globaldata july the chinese food market ranked first the trillion and billion million, while the united states ranked trillion and billion million second. japan, germany and britain also rank among the top five, but the scale only billion, far from china and the united states. the total global food market trillion and billion million and expected grow trillion and billion the regional ranking, europe topped the list trillion and billion million, followed asia pacific with trillion and billion, followed north america, latin america and the middle east. the industry believes that with the growth china's economy, the asia pacific region surpassed europe last year and became the world's largest food market. the growth food market drives the development food safety detecting market. according the survey, respondents were most concerned about the relevant detection certificate when choosing food. contrast, price, brand, production, processing and appearance are not very highly concerned. fig china food safety detection market prediction (hundreds millions yuan) according the year analysis report the development prospects and investment opportunities china's food safety detection industry, the demand for fast food safety detection will increased more than the next few years. estimated that the market scale domestic food safety detecting industry will exceed billion yuan. high quality food safety market demand meat market demand taking beef example, the import beef china increased from thousand tons thousand tons steep increase times the same year period), while the export volume fell from thousand tons thousand tons the same period. the rise beef price and the reverse change beef import and export further confirm that china's beef cattle industry short supply and the industry space vast. present, the per capita consumption beef china about kg, accounting for only the world mean and the asian mean. assuming that the per capita consumption beef our country reaches the world average kg, the total consumption close million tons, and the beef consumption market our country expected reach billion yuan the future. export(kiloton) import(kiloton) fig import and export volume china years organic food market analysis the report "organic foods beverages market analysis product, organic beverages, and segment forecasts, shows that the global organic food and beverage market expected reach us$. billion, much higher than the us$. billion fruits and vegetables dominate the global organic food market, accounting for more than market revenue predicted that the organic fruits and vegetables market expected earn more than billion dollars. usa germany france china fig organic food sales main global countries (hundreds millions yuan) addition, consumers' consumption organic meat and poultry products also increasing, and this segment the market pushing ahead the development the entire market. during the forecast period, the compound annual growth rate (cagr) sales organic meat and poultry products expected reach organic food sales the united states reached billion yuan. europe the second largest organic food consumer market except the united states. fig china organic foods sales -(hundreds millions yuan) american organic food market share accounts for the world's total. according the "organic survey" conducted the international organic market research organization, germany and france are the countries with the highest organic food sales europe. they were nearly billion yuan and billion yuan respectively. britain ranked third, with sales billion yuan. the broad market space for international organic food provides extremely favorable external environment for the development china's organic food industry. the "investment analysis and forecast report china's organic food market released the china investment advisor predicts that china's organic food sales will reach billion yuan and the average annual compound growth rate for the next five years (-) will approximately .%, sales will reach billion yuan. according the data the organic trade organization (ota), sales organic food and beverages china will increase from high demand for food safety and quality detection according research data, the scale demand for food safety detecting device china reached more than billion yuan and the growth rate has been maintained more than recent years. from digital perspective, there are detection agencies the country for agricultural systems, quality detection, food and medicine, and health care systems. the agricultural system alone had total million law enforcement personnel deployed throughout the year, new detecting institutions and laboratories were newly added, and detection agencies nationwide issued million detection reports food and agricultural products, and the annual market for detecting device. billion yuan scale. under such scale, food safety still not perfect, and expected that the total number laboratory and fast-check equipment and consumables plus third-party detecting will reach more than one trillion yuan. development trend food safety detection methods food safety detection requires government supervision, corporate awareness and full participation. food detection has high technical threshold and the equipment expensive. the testing organizations need sophisticated instruments study various components food. large high-precision testing instruments are not suitable for popularization, and the sampling detection testing organizations can't fundamentally satisfy people's right know about food safety detection information. expensive high-precision equipment labs and the rapid detection technology have been used for food detection. the long run, the development food detection technology can't separated from the increase people's demands. the emergence smart devices such super probes and the protection intellectual property rights food testing data block chains created conditions for the participation all people food safety detection. the survey shows that respondents are most concerned with the relevant detection certificates when purchasing foods. contrast, prices, brands, production and processing areas and appearances are less concerned. believe that smart devices such super probes can meet consumers' needs for real-time food safety detection, and the future food safety detection will easy using smart phone. smart devices such super probes can truly guarantee the core interests consumers, regulators, merchants, and detection experts and are increasingly recognized more and more people. pain points food safety and quality detection supply-side pain points the supply-side the food safety quality detection market, there are pain points and lack trusts. the food detection expert detection data analysis service relies third-party centralized system, and there channel and way trust deal directly with the detector and demander. the same time, relying third-party centralized system makes the food detection expert's data model easy leak, and the intellectual property rights the detection expert cannot well protected. consumption-side pain points there lack methods, means, and knowledge the consumption side the food safety and quality detecting market. terms food safety quality detecting methods, sample detecting methods the market are costly, time-consuming, and food safety detection thresholds high. difficult for traditional methods meet the needs researchers, ordinary citizens, and businesses quickly and cost-effectively detect food safety. lack convenient, low-cost detecting method the food detection methods the market are costly and time-consuming, and the food safety detection threshold high. traditional means cannot meet the needs ordinary citizens and businesses quickly and cost-effectively detect food safety. the traditional process meat detection, the process sample selection, instrument detection, and results analysis are complex and cannot meet the needs end consumers. safe detecting intellectual property difficult protect the traditional centralized detection method, the detection expert provides third-party central organization the detection data model. food science and technology intellectual property lacks effective protection measures, and expert knowledge data models are easily leaked and stolen. insufficient food related knowledge consumer food data the hands suppliers, detecting departments, and businesses. consumers often not get the data they really need. the same time, due the lack relevant knowledge, consumers and businesses face food-related data provided the regulatory authorities. the one hand, difficult judge the merits food, and the other hand, there intuitive understanding the detection data. iii. ifoods chain eco model the ifoods chain eco distributed food safety quality detectioneco based onblockchain. the ifoods chain, detecting experts, examiner, regulators, food companies, businesses, and consumers participate the eco. ifoods chain based technologies such blockchain technology, smart contracts, dai, and food detection smart devices protect the interests participants while satisfying the need for rapid and instant detection food eximiners, meeting the needs reflected the value food detection experts' knowledge, meeting the needs companies, the need for rapid detecting, data linking, etc. ifoods chain provides consumers with means quickly detection food safety quality data, protect the rights food detection experts, and promote the development food safety. the ifoods chain eco model shown figure detecting experts the ifoods chain ecosystem, detecting experts food, meat, vegetables, food, water, and oil fields provide reliable food data analysis models. (ifoodschain determines the reliability and feasibility detecting experts provide food data analysis models through community voting and smart data analysis models) fig ifoods chain eco model examiner the ifoods chain ecosystem, the examiner eco participant who uses food detection smart devices for food data extraction and selects food model libraries for distributed food detecting. supervision department the ifoods chain eco, the supervision department uses food detectionsmart devices analyze food data rapidly and instantly, and improves detection efficiency and administrative efficiency. food enterprises and business men ifoods chain eco, food enterprises and business men can reduce food detection cost using food detectionsmart device analyze food data rapidly and instantly. distributed e-commerce ifoods chain eco, high quality food enterprises selected the mode community voting will become the participants the distributed suppliers. consumers the ifoods chain ecosystem, the buyers safe food and the purchasers detecting data. consumers can detects, and detects can also consumers. iv. ifoods chain application scenarios ifoods chain will develop variety dapp applications including smart devicefood detection, daggering, distributed data value delivery, protection, distributed food detection network, distributed eco maintenance and administration and distributed e-commerce etc. smartfood detecting device and mining (awards) smartfood detecting device block chain account book cannot tempered with, which multi-party maintain the account book together. smart devices are based the block chain, which guarantees real-time, orderly and forgery the uploaded data. meanwhile, the collected data smart device owned the user, which can shared and sold for awards. massive shared data enables every food data all levels distributor, detailer, e-commerce, consumers and all levels municipal supervision agencies consensus and share. fig smart food detection and mining device the food detectionsmart device includes meat probe, liquid probe, detection paper, oil detectingdevice, pesticide residue detecting device, bad additive detection instrument, organic and inorganic identification instrument, etc. the data transmitted the dapp the mobile phone bluetooth, and then showed the users. the user confirms and uses the mobile app's wallet module signature, and uploads the data the ifoods chain block chain system for permanent storage, and the smart device triggers the back end detection system the ifoods chain. using the uploaded data input, combined with the tools provided our food experts, the results and conclusions the detection are feed backed the user's mobile app, and the user can choose upload the detection conclusion the block chain. this conclusion can used open and non-tamper able detection conclusion. for valuable data,users can query the detected data and conclusions through the block chain browser. mining the participants the ifoods chain eco include food detecting experts, regulators, food enterprises, merchants, inspector and consumers, all which can share the desensitization data and get ifood awards. with smart hardware such super probe, participants share the desensitization information such consumption information, food detection information, location information and with the premise privacy protection, and obtain ifood rewards through smart contracts. distributed data value protection and delivery based block chain technology, the data individuals and organizations will protected ifoods chain. the same time, data models will paid for data transmission and data transactions value delivery. data model usage and protection traditional centralized detection method cannot effectively protect expert model data. ifoods chain can guarantee the security expert data model using dai technology. for the expert institutions uploaded standard data, ifoods chain will classified reasonably and smart matching. when consumers have demand for data detection, they can choose pay ifood data experts using dapp display through smart contracts, and then carry out the data detections. fig distributed data value protection and delivery measurement and sale data consumers are the sole owners their own data and can provide data others for ifood return. includes food data either currently detected consumers obtained different places the past. meanwhile, based smart contracts, purchasers can only have the right use data, which purchasers can get food data statistics more cheaply and rights and interests protected. shared data masking and daggering ifoods chain eco effectively protect the data all the participants including food data, consumption data, detecting data and location data. the participants can obtain awards sharing their own data masking distributed food detection network the distributed food detection network, based the shared, open and distributed consensus the block chain, not only the central detecting organization, but also the thousands super probes and other smart device owners. food detection experts, supervision regulators, food enterprises and school canteen are included in. truly participates food safety and quality detecting, and create win-win and sustainable distributed food detection network. the same time, every participant can share regional food quality data and get ifood award. usingsmart contract transaction and dapp display, consumers can get valuable regional food quality information across regions and time zones athome. fig distributed food detection network consumers participation: consumers quickly and conveniently detection the foods, such beef, pork, mutton, vegetables, bacteria etc. use smart hardware collect data, match transactions ifoods chain, pay smart contract, and feed back the analysis results dai dapp. food detecting experts (agencies) eco participants: food detection experts (agencies) eco participants, such pork detection experts, bacteria detection expert, and vegetable detection expert etc will upload their data-based research achievements and patents ifoods chain, and improve the whole ifoods chain eco public chain. ifoods chain will protect the core interests data detecting experts, and encourage experts provide more food data security detection models. from vegetables meat, from organic inorganic, from pesticide residues heavy metal pollution, the distributed network food detecting will gradually cover the whole food industry. supervision agencies participation: distributed food safety and quality detection network, the supervision agencies can collect purchase credible data for analysis, and quickly get regional food quality data. can also use smart hardware supervise food safety and on-site collect the food data the vendors monitored and feedback the results minutes improve the efficiency supervision and the credibility. food enterprises participation: the relative food purchasing enterprises can use smart devices detection large quantity the purchased foods. the cost usage can reduced using ifoods chain quick detection, and get results immediately and increase sampling coverage. schools and restaurants participation: public institutions such schools and restaurants can use smart equipment, carry out food safety and quality detecting, ensure the safety the material and reduce the cost purchasing. distributed eco maintenance and administration the distributed food safety and quality detection eco guaranteed using ifoods chain trade matching mechanism, payment mechanism, evaluation feedback mechanism, and according the super node voting governance, and the whole people participation. fig distributed eco maintenance and administration transaction matching and payments ifoods chain will classify the standard data ensure that the detection data match the corresponding model. participants choose the model freely based dapp and pay smart contract, which the safety transactions guaranteed and the cost the third party reduced. evaluation feedback all participants who use standard data can feedback the evaluation results after use, and the block chain will ensure that the evaluation cannot changed. the same time, the cumulative evaluation results are smartly detected. community voting ifoods chain uses community voting make decisions and votes according super nodes, community voting data (standard data experts, institutions, etc.) community voting for malicious data uploaded and processing malicious accounts. community voting selection enterprise distributed e-commerce .distributed e-commerce network ifoods chain based the large data obtained the probe system, block chain technology, and establish the distributed e-commerce dapp, ensure the safety, high quality, and verifiable the distribution electric business food. entering e-commerce dapp requires other nodes vote its block chain data ensure fair access the platform and jointly build distributed security and high quality food sales eco. fig distributed e-commerce network the distributed e-commerce network will select high quality food suppliers through community voting. the merchants the distributed e-commerce network record and upload food safety detection data ifoods chain, users choose purchase food information, and feedback the evaluation information real time. distributed dapp will protect consumers' behavior data and transaction data such click, browse and purchase. the transactions the distributed electricity supplier use ifood settle accounts, reduce the cost the third party, and ensure the safety the transaction. ifoodschain technological models ifoods chain requirements for block chain: support high frequency trading, support tps >k, block time between seconds and seconds; with the storage capacity general data, can customize and expand the data structure the transaction; have better storage function for large files; can provide complete and easily editable smart contract platform. ifoods chain will build its own public chain system better create distributed food safety detecting eco. ifoods chain technological structure ifoods chain builds secure, trustworthy and shared food safety and quality detection network that based block chaining technology,protection consumers, inspector, and detecting experts through smart contracts and dai technologies; capable quickly detecting the food quality and safety food detectionsmart devices with incentive mechanisms and block chain sharing technology features, whichattracts multiple parties participate the eco; guarantee the security transaction information through block chain storage and distributed storage; and develop variety distributed applications the field food quality and safety through series dapp development. fig ifoods chain technological structure core technology ifoods chain public chain ifoods chain committed realizing the value circulation food safety detection information, and building rapid, real-time and safe food safety detection ecosystem that involves all people while protecting food safety detection information and food safety detection model data, thus providing knowledge protection and trading means for the food safety detection business. based the ecological needs the ifoods chain, will develop the ifoods chain public chain based the obft consensus mechanism: .supporting high-frequency trading; supporting the transactions per second (tps) above generating block seconds; storing general data; customizing and expanding the transaction data structure; storing large files properly; and providing turing-complete smart contact platform which easy compile. the public chain ifoods chain consisted value agreement and value network. the ifoods chain public chain value agreement includes smart devices, asset wallets, and data evaluation mechanisms. ifoods chain public chain wallet provides personal institutional tools for exchanging, paying and settling accounts. the same time, the ifoods chain public chain maintains the entire ifoods chain public chain self development and incentive system through effective participation and trusted data analysis services, well the needs food safety detections. the same time, based dai and consensus mechanism, distributed direct supply platform established provide safe and high-quality food. the ifoods chain public chain value network composed functional service area and function module. with the underlying protocol block chain, all transaction data ifoods chain public chain are recorded and written into each node verifying the data sharing mechanism, which real data can more simple and reliable through the smart contract. with the involvement everyone the activity, their own smart contract executors and data sharing, and ensure the fairness and reliability participation through the common data verification mechanism accomplished. through the sharing and writing mechanism block chain, form callable and verifiable functional service network parallel the real world. distributed account book important infrastructure ifoods chain reliable storage. distributed account book technology's features decentralized, un-tempered with, and common accounts are the keys realize reliable distributed multi-party network ifoods chain. distributed account technique foot stone ifoods chain operation, which can guarantee the data and secure transaction ifoods chain eco. obft consensus mechanism ifoods chain proposed the obft consensus mechanism based the needs food safety detection for ecological, fast, instant information value transmission and detection method transactions. the obft consensus mechanism includes: trusted verification nodes are selected from lot nodes community voting, and the verification nodes may added deleted any time based ecological requirements. verification nodes are governed through distributed community governance, verification nodes are used, and through the verification node mechanism; consensus reached ifoods chain the information value transmission food safety detection and the detection method transaction information. each round block generation ifoods chain, verification node selected random algorithm record the information data block, meet the ecological requirements rapid block generation without bifurcation and tampers. the obft consensus mechanism can generate block seconds meet the real-time requirements the detection scenario. the obft consensus mechanism consumes resources for mining and supports high-frequency trading. based the obft consensus, the tps the ifoods chain ecosystem can exceed usp infrastructure the core structure ifoods chain based block chain technology and distributed storage technology, and provides massive data storage service for the food industry. the ifoodschain infrastructure, usp (universal service platform) system designed that serves the needs different users the ifoodschain block chain system the food field. incorporated the core function the ifoodschain block chain and the usp various service systems. after incorporation, the whole structure used the middleware the ifoodschain block chain system. the usp system used different users will reserved for the front-end application the open api interface and sdk. the usp system designed ifoodschain has the following advantages: simplify and unify the docking ifoods chain system; enable users, developers and other vendors access and accept ifoodschain services anytime, anywhere, using various devices and accesses. dai the application scenario ifoods chain involves related technologies such transaction matching, model selection, data analysis and on. the use these technologies, including model training, based artificial intelligence with depth learning algorithms, and will consume massive computing power. therefore, introduce distributed artificial intelligence (dai). dai the combined product artificial intelligence and distributed computing. the proposal dai has met the needs designing and building complex smart systems and computer supported cooperative work (cscw). the purpose study the behavior and methods the distributed smart group agent logic physics, and study the knowledge and skills and planning coordination operate it, and complete the multitask system and solve all kinds problems with clear goals. did ifoods chain uses did identify and manage entity's user identity the chain. did user's digital the ifoods chainto realize the identity authentication based the ifoods chain, which, for generation, management and user authentication, use data encryption algorithm, data signature algorithm and data hash algorithm ensure the security the user and the whole chain. one the core protocols the ifoods chain trust network, the physical identification verification system integrating diversity, distributed layout, scalability and real-time protection data privacy supports distributed and diversified identification and authentication all kinds entities the ifoods chain trust network, including people, organizations and articles. firstly, identity label and multidimensional authentication: the ifoods chain identity label uses distributed digital identity scheme. the digital identity itself not related specific business and specifically how use will defined practical application scenario. the identity each entity (human, object organization) the digital identity scheme can possess series distributed sources trust choose different authentication methods different scenarios. secondly, identity entities and identity labels: ifoods chain, entity (person, organization object) can correspond digital identity, but different specific identities based ifoods chain digital identity can generated different application scenarios. before authorized the entity licensor, third party can clarify the identity label used another system entity according its identity label used one network system. therefore, the privacy security and identity information rights can well protected isolating the operations different entities from different systems through different identity labels. super probe system super probe mature application ifoods chain smart device for meat detection. the super probe system mems food detection dapp block chain application system designed ifoods chain for consumers, businessmen and food enterprises. the super probe easy carry and can used detection food related data quickly and instantaneously. compared with the standard database eco chain such experts, helps consumers choose. mobile terminal the main feedback channel after consumer detection. displaya consumer's detection data and its deviation from the normal value. displaythe detecting data shops: display period data detected and analysis. ()display location detecting data:display the detection data location area certain periodandanalysis. view the actual supermarket purchase scenario consumers, the super probes designed ifoodschain have the following advantages: fast immediacy the detection duration the super probe designed currently the which enables consumers obtain the reference information food thickness very short time. easy carry fig super probe considering the actual use the scenario, the design super probe will give full consideration the convenience the consumer. the parameters the super probe are designed present: length <cm; width <cm; thickness <cm; weight <.kg the inviolability data ownership every detection data belongs the data creator, and user has the absolute privacy the data, and the benefit also belongs the data creator. ifoods chain will match the data smart food safety detection instruments such super probes, pesticide residue detectors, and organic and inorganic identification instruments the corresponding detection expert's professional data model via dai technology. the inspector can freely select models for food safety information analysis. the results food safety detection analysis will recorded the distributed safety storage usp system via the obft consensus mechanism and presented the dapp application. the inspector can obtain intuitive food safety detection data and the only owner the data. smart contract smart contract featured event driven, state, multi-party recognition, running the block chain, and automatically process assets according the preset conditions. the great detection advantage smart contract use program algorithm replace the decision and execution contract depending people. when ansmart contract assignedto block block chain and the external data and events are entered into smart contract, the corresponding actions will automatically output according the internal preset response conditions and rules, and the results will recorded the block. essence, smart contracts are also section the program, but unlike the traditional system, smart contracts inherit features the block chain: transparent data, tampering, and permanent operation. block chain certificate block chain certificate important technical point ifoods chain block chain platform. ecoconstruction, data cannot tampered with the key. the traditional proof evidence not strict, because these evidences are easily forged and destroyed. complete the proof, necessary rely strong chain evidence. impossible for anyone forge and destroy it, say that the cost forgery almost impossible. the block chain technology extracted from bitcoin system has such powerful data protection ability. block chain certificate ensures that food safety and quality detection information recorded the block chain. the information stored the block chain eventually forms effective chain for food safety. because the whole chain evidence composed multiple links and multiple nodes, also somehow ensures the reliability product information. once the food the hands consumers and they want know the information about the food, easy get relevant information querying block chain. vi. ifoods chain digital token ifood introduction ifood decentralized digital token ifoods chain eco. ifood advantages ifood the only currency circulating ifoods chain for food safety and quality technological detection. ifood centralization digital assets, transaction security can querying. there third party intermediary cost protect the interests participants. ifood circulation model the ifoods chain eco, ifood will carry out two levels liquidation safeguard the common interests investors and eco participants. ifood only one way flow from the exchange the applied eco. fig ifood one-way circulation ifoods chain eco, ifood connected with examiner, consumer, food detecting experts, food enterprises and distributed e-commerce.ifoods chain will create food safety detection information protection and transaction ecosystem with the participation all people. consumers can obtain simple, easy-to-understand and credible food safety data quickly through ifoods chain and truly gain sense participation food detection. meanwhile, consumers can use ifood purchase safe, high-quality foods directly distributed e-commerce platforms. ifoods chain will select the food detection expert's professional detection model distributed community voting ensure the accuracy the model. participants food safety detection need pay the detection expert' ifood analyzes food data using professional detection model. .the safety food fig eco circulation model detection results obtained the inspector consuming ifood and using the food detection expert's detection model belong the inspector. consumers and testing organizations can consume ifood purchase the required food safety data from the tester. ifood rewards can obtained experts' provision models and consumers' sharing desensitization data. .food vendors, food companies and regulatory agencies can consume ifood quickly obtain food safety detection information, and build reliable trust relationships for food companies and consumers based the block chain technology. vii.ifoods chain digital token distribution the fund raised ifoods chain all used for platform development. the total number ifood certificates billion, and the total volume constant. ifood currently based the standard digital token the chain erc the ethernet block. the future, the public chain ifoods chain will developed and the ifood based ethernet will replaced .foundation administration have established foundation singapore, and the ifoods chain platform administrated and developed the foundation. pass-through offer plan fund-raising involves billion million ifood certificates, accounting for the total project, which effective promoting the operation and development the project. the overall distribution follows: fig ifoods chain token distribution plan distribution details and nodes fig .fundraising purpose the total fund-raising involves billion million ifood, accounting for the total, and can exchanged for eth. all the certificates raised will deposited the multi-signed purse used multiple signatures. the specific use and administration will strictly follow the rules the ifoods chain foundation's administration mechanism. the ifoods chain core team and the resource parties involved the platform are ifood certificates, which will all frozen after the first stage the collection, the first release after year the platform, and the release second years. ifood certification will open trading the stock exchange according compliance requirements. project schedule fig project schedule .-. fig project schedule .-. fig .project schedule .-. viii. ifoods chain team introduction ifoods chain core team consisted experienced experts who have committed the relative industry for many years. core team lin roojee u.s. founder director the foundation ph. food science, university georgia, usa; served senior manager science technology, cto, member adviser the national food safety technology center the united states; the honorary director the china meat research institute; chairman the new china food group, china; chairman the food company (beijing) limited. owns number patents food technology, research, production, detectioning and technology optimization. deeply studied the application artificial intelligence. liu yuan, cto believer and early preacher the block chain industry, proficient the principle network, consensus algorithm, asymmetric encryption, block chain data structure, smart contract and on, and have comprehensive study representative public chains such btc, eth, neo, eos and on. deep application scenes the public chain, the alliance chain and the private chain. carried out the block chain infrastructure solution design and landing for many industries, multiple applications, such trinity based neo, eth based color system, and block chain solution for power industry. years experience the internet infrastructure products, once served china telecom, nokia, huawei and on, several core exchange products, wireless communication base stations and controller products, and kvm virtualized cloud computing products have created the era core exchange, mobile internet era and cloud computing era. firmly believe that with the development block chain industry, will enter new era revolutionary value transmission. feng lishuang, chief hardware scientist beijing university aeronautics and astronautics, doctoral supervisor, deputy director micro and nano measurement and control center; won the national advanced collective and individual commendation; focus mems sensor research; has won provincial and ministerial level technological invention awards, technological progress awards and chinese invention patents. more than academic papers have been published journals and conferences home and abroad, including more than sci. jesus garia(spain), global strategy officer the founder the spanish gts investment company; the founder the arroyo chain restaurant president; deimos technology company strategic advisor; consultant team yanbo, block chain technological consultant block chain technical expert, on-chain co-founder; nkn founder; linux kernel network layer core code contributor; stanford university, studied cryptography and worked qualcomm for many years. specializes distributed system architecture design and network protocol implementation; dna core and designer open source block chain platform. david(li yiling), block chain operation consultant trinity founder; fourierpr co-founder; china's top encryption economic project and consulting company, fourier's customers; list the top one hundred coinmarketcap and cooperate with fbg. founder base stone technology; media website inwecrypto.com, multi asset wallet inwewallet founder. fengping, block chain municipal affair consultant trinity co-founder; the district chain industry expert government affairs, with rich government background and senior block chain project channel development experience; the end entering the tai fang fan community, has been responsible for the expansion the application and technology the block chain the social and government fields; once served the director government affairs and tongji shanghai distribution information technology company. vice dean the research institute thawing science and technology block chain; participate the compilation the ministry industry's block chain reference framework and government related block chain policies. presided over the cooperation and landing the guiyang municipal government's first honest peasant project china. bieito(spain), global strategy consultant president spain's largest abc newspaper group. adviser the spanish government affairs chai weizhong, food safety consultant ph.d. nutrition (after), professor, college public health, peking university. engaged research and teaching food hygiene; the european food safety system, the development report china's nutrition industry, public nutrition and social and economic development, etc., and dozens professional articles international professional conferences and periodicals zhongweike, food detectioning technology consultant director and researcher, south detection center, china academy detection and quarantine. graduated from the eco environment research center the chinese academy sciences. has been engaged the detection and research work chemical contaminants food and environmental samples for long time; national natural science foundation and projects the ministry science and technology. national standards and bank standards were formulated, and more than papers were published core journals both home and abroad. good dioxin and pesticide residues analysis food. ix. cooperative organization present, participants ifoodschain global food detecting and sharing eco construction includes: food safety block chain laboratory, china meat research institute, china detection and quarantine institute south detecting center, photoelectricity technology institute beijing university aeronautics and astronautics, chinese people's public security university, fufu brand agricultural business school, vub-vrijeuniversiteit brussel (food detecting), horqin cattle industry, and fude food investment institutions partners: gts capital (spain), horqin cattle industry, shanghai pin shang, trinity, intrinsic capital, digital torch technology, star chain capital, vnbig, spain abc newspaper industry, currency world, vernacular block chain, ear finance and finance, fire coin (singapore), american society, block chain chinese network, currency, bcfans.com, jinniu finance, kcash, fusion media block chain center. disclaimer this document for information purposes only. the above information analysis does not constitute investment decision. this document does not constitute any investment advice, investment intention investment education. this document does not constitute, nor should construed providing any buying selling behavior, inviting buy sell any form securities, nor any form contract commitment; the ifoods chain foundation believes that there are numerous risks the development, maintenance and operation ifood and other encrypted currency and block chain systems, many which are beyond the foundation's control. addition the other contents described the white paper, each ifood purchaser should carefully read, understand and carefully consider the following risks. investors should clearly understand the risks ifood tokens. once they participate the investment, they understand and accept the risk the project, and are willing personally bear all the corresponding results consequences; ifoods chain team does not assume any direct indirect loss assets caused participation the ifood project. the eachbuyer ifood should pay special attention the fact that ifood exists only the virtual space the network, and does not have any tangible existence, does not belong involve any particular country.