ignition coin and the ignition network engineered for value, sustainability, and growth learn more https://ignitioncoin.org the ignition coin project ::introduction:: the ignition network and its common network token, ignition coin, open-source, peer-to-peer commodity, designed and engineered using the best ideas for value storage from many different cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin. the ignition network seeks create cryptocurrency whose primary function secure store value, like bitcoin, without any the current limitations that believe will one day inhibit bitcoin's potential growth. the ignition network designed 'rethinking the cryptocurrency wheel' critically re-thinking what cryptocurrency was designed do. what this means that ignition coin's primary focus not being currency, although can easily act one (with low fees too!), some newer smart contract tokens such ethereum try (though does allow for highly advanced voting and consensus). the primary goal with the ignition network strong platform engineered both store value, and grow it. the ignition network leverages the many ideas and proven concepts created across the entire spectrum the cryptocurrency revolution. incorporating various techniques and code that enabled hybrid verification proofs, drastically lower fees, limited supply and inflation, capped million tokens, and larger, faster blocks and block times. ::the coin:: ignition coins are designed with future value maximizing decentralization, opportunities for earnings, diversified network security techniques, and fair distribution starting from day zero. distribution coin specifications coin ticker: total coin supply over years block time minutes block size: mining algorithm: scrypt staking minimum: staking age: minutes master node price: distribution distribution methods exhibited many coins lack one several key properties maximize functionality store value. with bitcoin, it's algorithm uses huge amounts electricity and generates lot heat. these machines are often difficult resell maintain any earnings from after about years, and usually equally hard buy sell. the high power cost, highly incentivized network creates energy problem that eats several country's worth power day, and continues growing. with proof stake coins, such what ethereum plans become, the algorithm solves the power cost issue, virtualizing the mining process, which includes the heavy expenditure power, but replaces with high capital requirements. finally, master node systems like dashcoin require even higher capital cost, and usually become more centralized over time. ignition coin wants empower its users enabling many ways access the coin generation process possible, fairly distributing rather than advantageously skewing the distribution the network token, combining many these different distribution methods, well creating some properties our own. phase the initial distribution core belief behind ignition coin that creating diversified distribution patterns, which can help keep cryptocurrency decentralized. that why would like fairly distribute the initial coins that get the network engines going. proof stake and master nodes create chicken and the egg scenario, requiring coins users wallets for the network begin securing and processing transactions. get the staking and master node systems started, will generating ,ic the start the live network, which will distributed contributors development (.% total coins), sold directly exchanges total coins), and given away bounties (.% total coins). mining, staking, and master nodes will all accessible from day one. phase long-term distribution patterns creating cryptocurrency whose primary design and engineering goals are enhance store value properties, decided some basic economic principles that guided the decisions behind the properties the coin. the most important principle that inflation levels regards both price and market capitalization. currency asset that inflating rapidly almost always sees declining price, due supply that increasingly greater than demand. and, currency asset with consistently falling price usually held for less time, lose the least value, which puts further pressure upon the market capitalization decline users sell their asset for others that will store their value better increase it. bitcoin's property real finite scarcity gives incredible value, yet many other major cryptocurrencies, like ethereum, leave this property out. this fine you want your coin readily available for smart contracts, but not for long term store value. the problem with bitcoin that becomes more costly the environment and natural resources the electrical cost grows. unfortunately, there are almost proof stake cryptocurrencies that put cap their total supply. ignition coin solves this issue, and creates proof stake powered cryptocurrency that has the capability store value with negligible power cost. the coin distribution will such: will pow distribution, proof stake, and master node rewards this may change proof stake, and master nodes the future become more sustainable. day mining, staking, and master node systems active day and ,ic distributed bounty, community, and development bonuses begins year over the first year, million coins total will released year million coins distributed year million coins distributed year million coins distributed year million coins distributed, then fees for mining/staking/master node earnings only. this takes the network total million over year period. use cases, conclusion ignition coin has one primary focus, and that store value, and that requires focus fungibility, security, privacy, efficiency, low inflation, extreme decentralization and built-in lucrative opportunities incentivizing growth. the expected use case for those want want store value securely for long term, those who love the idea bitcoin, but feel limited constraints that will eventually inhibit its true potential. the ignition network will allow anyone able store value securely over time. the coin can also used very fast, very capable transaction and payments layer, with much larger transaction capacity and much faster speed than bitcoin, bitcoin cash, litecoin, with lower fees only .ic. development ignition coin and the ignition network supported almost all current software that supports bitcoin integration, simply changing few parameters. develop new software top the ignition network easily bitcoin! ignition engineered for financial freedom and sustainability.