igtoken whitepaper human consensus prediction ceo justin lee contents igtoken.................................................................................................................... prediction markets................................................................................................... theory and operation..................................................................................... liquidity and volatility.................................................................................. comparison with traditional way................................................................ igtoken ecosystem................................................................................................. providers and operators................................................................................ the roles ig................................................................................................ from individual ecosystem....................................................................... growth tools................................................................................................... igtoken platform.................................................................................................... events............................................................................................................... event creation...................................................................................... event participation............................................................................... joint mechanism............................................................................................ promotion credit mechanism........................................................... mortgage mechanism......................................................................... prophet and dispute mechanism....................................................... application program.............................................................................................. reference implementation........................................................................... derived version............................................................................................. road map................................................................................................................ team........................................................................................................................ token distribution................................................................................................. risk hints................................................................................................................ bibliography......................................................................................................... .igtoken igtoken- unprecedented prediction market based decentralization network. high centralization hinders social progress. therefore, hope establish completely decentralized consensus prediction system, and everyone's weight equal. igtoken decentralization prediction platform, hoping establish consensus forecasting system with the same weight the same, and use large data intelligent computing and analysis realize enterprise application forecast. igtoken uses incentives allow participants market communicate, instantly and transparently, their wisdom regarding the outcome upcoming events, effectively predicting the future. designed igtoken from the start decentralized, which makes difficult manipulate prediction results. igtoken prediction markets, tokens are used: (i) igtoken users pay for certain prediction through igtoken and (ii) incentivize igtoken users (through the payment fixed number tokens) virtually "buy and sell" "outcome shares" the market. users virtually "buy and sell" such "outcome shares" based what they see the probability any given moment and agree virtual "price" that such transactions will occur. long prediction active, the virtual price continues fluctuate and indicates the probability outcome according the crowd's wisdom. when market matures, meaning the market event transpires the real world, igtoken determines the winning outcome based the oracle the event. there payment any form (whether fiat igt tokens) between the buyers and sellers with respect the purchase and sale the "outcome shares". there are no"winners" and losers" once the market matures and there will payment winnings (whether the form tokens otherwise) "winners" deduction assets (whether the form tokens otherwise) from the "losers". the igtoken platform implements three the necessary conditions for crowd wisdom put forth james; diversity opinion, independence making opinions, and decentralization organization. .prediction markets there are two main methods scientific prediction: one statistical and mathematical models, the other machine learning and data mining. essence, these two methods use historical data and software systems generate forecasts. recent years, the third way "social analysis" increasing trend predict the market. the market uses incentives allow the public, not just experts, contribute their own experience and wisdom, pool market information help make decisions, and allow teams smarter than individual individuals experts. theory and operation over time, the success cryptographic currency requires become driving force for sustainable economy. being picked more users and providers.with it, the network effects the igtoken ecosystem will grow, creating ecosystem value for long-term holders and token sales participants. the successful economy needs ig's growing demand the iginte network. because the participation event prediction requires users get ig, the demand for token increases. the length will proportional the number active users and the number active investment events. the growth demand will also related the activity relying establish events.incentive providers hold large reserves provide the collateral and market reserves needed run many events simultaneously. since the beginning the information age, scientific forecasting methods have always existed. the basic theory forecasting market includes effective capital market hypothesis (ecmh) and hayek hypothesis. these assumptions help explain how information aggregated, that market prices provide accurate estimate the likelihood future results. according ecmh, the capital market effective reflecting information about individual stocks and the stock market whole that any analysis that predicts future stock prices cannot outperform the market. hayek assumes that market price means synthesizing different information. even people have limited knowledge the environment and other related aspects, the market will operate. essentially, the market collects the judgments and confidence all parties involved the same event, thus predicting the future outcome the event. similar the stock market, the stock market used distribute prices for future estimates stocks, and the "forecasting market" distributes values for beliefs about the future. specifically, forecasting market usually predicts the outcome event asking questions possible results. every possible outcome has its own possibility. the sum all probabilities equal the probability the result represents the transaction price the transaction result the market. james surowiecki, famous american journalist, put forward three conditions group wisdom: diversity opinions, independence expression and decentralized organization. similarly, when market participants have different backgrounds, their decisions are not based the opinions others, and their opinions are based local knowledge, the prediction the market the best. there are three characteristics predicting the market: effective collection different kinds information. effective and transparent incentive mechanism obtain real and relevant information. near real-time information update makes the result operation quite difficult. forecasting markets are widely used many sectors, including but not limited insurance, defense, health care, public administration, sports, entertainment, and even within companies. for example, labs and caltech co-hosted three-year market forecasting experiment. the study made different predictions for employees from different parts hp's lab (business, finance, marketing, etc.). experiments show that over forecasts are more accurate than hp's official forecasts. the u.s. department defense issued "policy analysis market" (later known the "terrorist futures market"), mainly predicting the political and military turmoil eight middle east countries and the u.s. response, aimed improving the u.s. intelligence level. collection capacity around the world. the senator later refused and canceled the forecast market. google announced the use forecasting markets within the company predict product release dates, new office locations and other strategic events. liquidity and volatility will used the only currency for the igtoken network's operations (transaction costs, joint payments, and predictor payments) and for function goods that predict event outcomes money. unlike other investment currency schemes, flexible exchange rate currency that exposes liquidity and volatility risks: *liquidity: the risk that investor will not able obtain token when wants speculate about the outcome event, and that the user will unable sell the token. *volatility: the risk currency fluctuations between the time the investor operates the resulting share the merger and acquisition and the time the user wants cash. these risks are serious problem for most leading markets when the proposed services are issued with money and subsequent service growth modest. typically, peer-to-peer markets tend follow exponential growth pattern due the inherent network externalities peer-to-peer services. some them are being adopted.technologies mitigate these risks are mainly the use sub-currencies the introduction pegged/stabilized currencies used consumers. for predicting the market.the cost separating money from investment currencies for the operation mechanism. addition losing the advantage currency elasticity against currency shocks, this separation there also negative effect reducing the market for currency manipulation.relying bancor ig's token platform, will provide unlimited pools liquidity and solve liquidity risks. volatility risk has also been alleviated.their data show that will enjoy dense market from the start, eliminating the need for linkages stabilization mechanisms. invest.com committed becoming igtoken.the first provider the network has more than million transactions per year. this activity ensures the required liquidity and creates efficient transactions.the critical number end-users required. comparison with traditional way the following table compares the forecast market with other common methods gathering information and opinions. prediction market sampling scale frequency poll people participate random sampling actively big continuous;untill the event ends method interactive content predicting the probability events experts`opinions/panel recommendations screening general small once once;periodic solitary solitary;interactive expressing personal personal preference preference-probability events weight depended shares equal uncertain economic returns none popularity reflects participants one-time analysis; one-time analysis view discontinuous purchased truth-telling motivation opinions update changes via price movement; continuous accuracy high average very high execution set trading market large-scale selecting experts interviews questionnaires igtoken ecosystem the igtoken ecosystem will try create globally decentralized market-centric network where users can discover and participate events created providers and operators. the ecosystem establishes long-term cooperative operation model which providers can enjoy opportunities for innovation and competitive compensation, while users can enjoy various experiences and the ability profit from participating various forecasting events. providers and operators providers develop predictive market client applications based ig's open source deployment (reference deployment). providers can customize applications and create user experience according their best practices. the role the provider includes: provide access the network through the original application.or release the brand version the application according the reference provided ig. extending applications its customers bring network traffic.operators create events and are always ready solve their real-world results. when event created, the operator determines the cost participation the event and pays the provider the combined cost. any entity, individual organization can become operator the network. create forecast events that users will interested in. the roles operators include: famous centralised predictors these events provide the necessary collateral and market reserves necessary for the operation these events. individual entities can act providers and operators; similarly, providers can integrate predicted markets from different operators their applications. the roles official entity that creates tokens (ig), patterns, and technologies. focuses publishing open source encryption technology, enabling networks decentralized. the roles include: create token (ig) and execute its token event finance the development and operation the network. define the mode forecasting market network safe, fair and decentralized manner. create incentives for providers join networks, adopt and bring their customers into ig's predictive market the technologies needed develop and operate the network, such ethereum intelligent contract for predicting events. publish application open source reference, allowing users participate network. through the formation partners and marketing promote network guidance activities. managing ecosystem regulation. from individual ecosystem the power network comes from creating whole which greater than the sum its parts. based common currency operation that will provide trust users and mainstream audiences and pool liquidity needed operate smoothly. common technology-based execution events will ensure interoperability between providers, well standard security levels and fairness across the network. the decentralized ecosystem provides sound operational mode. although specific node can always closed, but there centralized failure point, with the continuous development the ecosystem, there will new nodes. infrastructure separated from entities providers and operators minimize the risk regulatory review and related costs. growth tools the incentive provider brings traffic the network and shares customers with other operators get fair compensation. providers'applications may display events operated the same provider; providers may choose display events that they operate with other carriers order provide broader choice events; some providers may masterminds bring valuable events operated third parties their users. joint cost mechanisms ensure that this model beneficial both providers and operators, since cross-promotion events not hard requirement for the network. variety categories ensures that users enjoy more types events their applications and find the same matching objects for them. igtoken platform .events predicting the events the market constitutes the basic activity surrounding the prediction action. events have format for speculation about the future. for example: "who will win the upcoming football match between barcelona football club and real madrid?" how much will the box office revenue the upcoming hollywood movie premiere last weekend? for simplicity and practical reasons, events the igtoken platform need have discrete and clearly defined number potential results. for example, there may three possible outcomes for "barcelona football club", "real madrid" "no championship" (cancelling the game the same score). event creators can normalize persistent effects such star wars open weekend revenue into discrete ranges. every event has very clear solution. this the time point for giving clear answer future speculation. for example, the football match above, this point ending the competition and announcing the winner. the multiple potential outcomes event are resolved into single outcome, one considered winner, and all other outcomes considered loser. event creation the igtoken platform decentralized system that allows anyone (including users) create events. fact, expect most the events created providers. creating quality events arduous process and requires professional knowledge. consider sport-related events this will include focusing various leagues, processing real-time feedback for each game the available sports list, and specifying each event for each game, specifying potential outcomes. hope that different providers can focus different events. one provider may focus some league sports events, another may focus the politics country, and the other may focus movies and entertainment news. expected that users will participate the prediction events that they feel strong affinity. determining that these tastes and handmade events will spark passionate debate the art practiced experienced event operators. create new event issuing intelligent contracts the block chain. create intelligent contracts, operators will determine the following parameters: *formal description; the formal wording speculation that the event trying predict. for example, "who will win the title between barcelona football club and real madrid the season?" list potential results; discrete list all potential outcomes event. after the event resolved, the single element the list will regarded the winner. prophet; the identity and characteristics entities processes that declare formal results event when solving event. *participation fee; event creator defines the cost user participation the investment specific event. the cost defined the percentage user investment. event creators are free charge much little they want, because the cost will eventually paid them. some the costs can retained other events that bring traffic events other providers. how much this part also defined game creators. for example, the total cost games which are used providers bring investment users. collateral; operators need provide collateral protect users from fraud and ensure that the predictor's deliberate false reports are not profitable. the collateral can event-based, collateral, locked the prophet intelligent contract for hours after the event resolved, associating the event with the operator's collateral. based the type collateral, the amount must exceed certain percentage the total amount active investment all the results. the user objected the prophet's report the event and won the dispute, part the collateral would lost. the exact amount loss proportional the total amount investment lost and distributed among all users who suffer losses. but all the controversy open, and expect operators try eliminate false reporting small and large incidents and avoid the risk affecting their reputation. *market builder reserve; the market builder the event, the event builder guides the forecast providing reserve counterparty the first investment. the amount reserves will affect the speed lmsr market makers adjusting the prediction ratio different results. the reserve expected returned operators, although its actual allocation due user speculation may decrease increase. event participation all investments predicted the event result were ig. users can invest specific results through this workflow. ... the user uses the following parameters perform the call the smart contract "ig-buy" method: the amount spent the result share. potential investment results ... supplier address (for transfer joint costs) the maximum price the result option (optional) the "ig-buy" method executed the regional chain and the result share allocated the caller according the current market price. the amount invested locked the contract until the event resolved and the result share assigned the user the block chain. deduct the participation cost from the amount betting according the percentage defined the event. deduct joint fee from participation fee. each fee will sent its recipient. ... users can invoke the "ig-sell" method intelligent contracts liquidate part total result shares: the user does not sell all his her result shares, wait for the event resolve and the prophet reports the event results the user has share the correct result, the "ig-collect" method the smart contract invoked. the method will based the result share the caller. the amount paid it: within the next hours, any user can choose challenge the prophet's report sending disputed intelligence contract. this will trigger the following dispute procedure. any given time point, the user can see the current prediction the market event result. the prediction ratio calculated based the total amount that bet each event. when users participate betting the result event with ig, they effectively buy the share the result expenditure. the event resolved different result, the share the failed result zero, and the bet the result lost. the expected result the event occurs, the user can collect the share the payment according the share the result has. with the progress events and the increase investment, the price shares will fluctuate. the price derived from variant the lmsr market builder algorithm, encoded into the event participation intelligence contract, and takes into account the total bets far each potential outcome. for more details about market builders and lmsr, please refer the technical notes below. the above steps are performed users using official igtoken applications, derivatives this reference deployment application published specific provider. the purpose the application abstract the technicalities the process, provide easy-to-use product with minimal resistance and good user experience. joint mechanism part the specified event participates the cost bring together the provider bring the traffic the event. when user invests results through event intelligence contract, the joint mechanism another provider promotes this activity, and the provider's address must included the transaction. there association, the operator's address should used. the joint cost directly paid this address. using this mechanism, vendors are encouraged share their own traffic with events from other vendors and help their customers discover events created others. promotion credit mechanism providers can provide promotional credit users order reduce barriers first use. similar mechanisms have been successfully used related industries and have significantly increased the interaction between users and platforms. this mechanism has been adapted the dispersive nature igtoken. users using promotional credit can start using before resistance purchase occurs and bet the outcome. promotional credit provided ig. providers can set the expiration date this credit. set, the credit will returned the provider address unless used before the expiration date. the promotion credit mechanism deployed part the igtoken token intelligent contract. when giving promotional credits, new ethereum wallet will created for users. this wallet marked the chain ledger sales promotion and the expiration date the need. the token from this purse can only used participate event prediction. executed allowing tokens from the wallet sent only specific event intelligence contract (as investment the share the result). promotion credits can only locked into events created the issuer, and they expire, unused credits are returned the provider. mortgage mechanism event operators need provide collateral with ig, which locked smart contract within hours after the event resolved. the amount collateral should proportional the amount that bet all the results. one the purposes collateral motivate event operators select trustworthy predictors and report the results accurately. the controversy over the event won, the loser who invests the loss will receive part the collateral proportion his total loss. prophet and dispute mechanism one the challenges deploying decentralized trust forecasting market system event resolution. decentralized deployment traditionally relies chain aware trust contracts. intelligent contracts have limited ability read out-of-chain data because there guarantee that different nodes will get the same results that the results will not manipulated. since most events are related actual events the real world, the real source the results essentially out the chain. the common solution this problem rely prophet report the results events the real world onto the chain. once the predictor has reflected the results the chain, this data can used various intelligence contracts deploying the system. one the design principles behind the igtoken platform not compromising the practicality practical use. the igtoken network aims major driver the advanced forecasting market and encourage mainstream users participate forecasting events. result, mechanisms such convergence and slow resolution decentralized predictions are impractical and provide bad user experience. the contrary, propose quick solution centralized prediction mechanism protected decentralized dispute mechanism. when event created, its operator needs specify the address the prophet associated with the event. the platform has nothing with the type predictor, it's also possible use decentralized predictors, but fact, expect most event operators specify their addresses predictors that they need their private keys sign the predictor report. this means that many the forecasters the system will built centralized. the system transforms each centralized prediction into effective decentralized prediction providing decentralized dispute mechanism for users who disagree with the prophet's report. consider ways resolve disputes decentralized manner. the default method use the consensus other members the igtoken network resolve disputes. the mechanism follows the forerunner's method: the dispute party must place the token the line relative the forecaster's report. anyone the network can agree disagree and put the token the line. the forerunner the one with the most token far (agree disagree). the forerunner does not change within hours, the winner will resolved. the winning party shares all the tokens the failed party, which punished losing all tokens the line. this dispute mechanism can deployed trusted and decentralized way through dedicated intelligent contracts. application program igtoken will develop and publish the client igtoken platform the form full-featured forecast market application. the application will open source, and the client that implements the model includes chain access through ethereum igtoken intelligent contracts, and storage access content, lists, and event metadata from the decentralized cloud. the application designed run the following platforms: native application suitable for windows native application suitable for mac native application suitable for linux native application suitable for android once the user successfully downloads the binary files, they can run locally the computer. the application will provide fully functional prediction market client. anyone can use the application pin the actual event results and use the product real life. because the application designed completely peer-to-peer, does not rely any central failure point. future versions the application will include mobile version that runs natively ios and android devices well web-based versions reference implementation the official igtoken application will released open source software github and will serve formal reference for clients that are fully compatible with igtoken networks. shi. order maintain compatibility with the igtoken network, the following aspects should retained: rely token for all network activity selection. official smart contracts using the igtoken platform. compliant protocol for peer event discovery derived version encourage any entity, individual organization change the official reference implementation and publish its own brand and custom client igtoken. this true for providers because encouraging them this process can provide their customers with brand experience. specifying their own provider address the federated address when invoking the event method, the provider will enjoy the federated fees paid third-party operators for the investments its application users. will formally support and record the following aspects customization: changing user interface, graphics, color and brand application setting the provider address for joint charges settlement modify the used participate events provide innovative industry specific event experience. .road map .team justin lee founder&developer internet entrepreneur, senior engineer, graduated from computer science and technology college wuhan university technology, familiar with back-end application development. miri co-founder&operation manager miri/co-founder operation manager internet entrepreneurs, game operation management, she has served the dragon chart game, the legend the dota. wang cto&main developer wang/main developer team technology director, main developer, master electronic engineering, shanghai jiao tong university. crius saas front-end developer x-edison front-end developer winner front-end developer bin graphics r&d engineer feng liu technology adviser gao markete aili community manager miri community manager .token distribution wang famous investors .risk hints the following are risk factors related igtoken business, especially token sales events. igtoken may not achieve target sales, and may not have enough capital carry out its business plan. tokens may significantly influenced trends the digital money market, which may depreciate due non-ig-related events. predicting global local regulation the market, limiting the use tokens predict transactions. igtoken relies invest.com infrastructure and talent, any harmful situation invest.com could have significant impact igtoken. igtoken complex software platform that can significantly delayed due unforeseen development barriers competitors may introduce the same better market-forecasting solutions and cause igtoken lose market share and ultimately fail achieve its business goals digital currency extremely volatile, and token may affected the so-called volatility. international laws and regulations may make transactions unenforceable. the use tokens may subject scrutiny government agencies. the ownership tokens may result new and unanticipated tax laws, thereby weakening the proceeds ig. igtoken may not able create the necessary momentum and acceptance for tokens, which can lead low liquidity and industry consumption the positions and plans outlined the white paper may change the project progresses. .bibliography ethereum whitepaper: https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/white-paper augur whitepaper: https://bravenewcoin.com/assets/whitepapers/augur-a-dece ntralized-open-source-platform-for-prediction-markets.pdf gnosis whitepaper: https://gnosis.pm/resources/default/pdf/gnosis_whitepaper.pdf rice, andrew. (). the fall intrade and the business betting real life. buzzfeed. gelman, andrew. (). something's odd about thepolitical betting markets.slate. delphy whitepaper:http://delphy.org/en/delphy_whitepaper.pdf baidu encyclopedia:https://baike.baidu.com/item/%e%b%%e%c%ba%e %a%%e%b%b hanson, (). combinatorial information market design [j]. information systems frontiers, (),