rex white paper executive summary decentralized global multiple listing service and real estate smart contract application july prepared rex rex: are referring the platform, rex rex: are referring the token, rex submit questions/comments please contact: support@rexmls.com www.rexmls.com for additional details, please read the rex white paper. about rex pioneering the real estate industry using the ethereum virtual machine. rex's goal democratize real estate information and establish new process transact real estate. using ethereum and ipfs/swarm, rex will provide cheap, reliable means for listing and transacting real estate worldwide. team stephen king stephen entrepreneur with focus commercial real estate and blockchain technology. since stephen has lead king realty princeton, new jersey and participated over forty-five million dollars real estate transactions. stephen the founder princeton ethereum meetup. russell mclernon russell the technology strategist. brings over years experience enterprise software development and over years blockchain related development and projects. although acutely technical, has innate ability quickly decipher user needs. there's software development integration challenge can't handle. executive summary traditionally, obtaining reliable property information and conducting efficient real estate transactions has been difficult. today, with the advances technology, data has become much easier ascertain. however, the data has become controlled, manipulated, and governed centralized organizations resulting exorbitant transaction and listing fees. additionally, the transaction process can take months and cost tens thousands dollars. with recent advances data distribution and blockchain technology, rex recognizes the opportunity streamline the transaction process and provide inexpensive means disseminate real estate information. the result will low transaction costs and means for users virtually obtain property information for free. detailed summary rex will roll out two phases: phase decentralized, global multiple listing service "mls") and phase (the implementation smart contracts for real estate related transactions). background for two phase release: the protocols being developed the ethereum foundation, ipfs, and swarm are new technologies. like any new technology, will take time for the infrastructure and mainstream audience develop. see the progression much like that netflix: reed hastings built netflix with the idea streamlining the way consumers view content. using hastings' platform, consumers could rent video online avoid the inconveniences associated with traditional retail rentals (time, travel, and late fees). the value netflix was created through the maturity digital technology and the comfort paying/obtaining content via the internet. netflix capitalized both opportunities, but remained patient through the transition period. today, netflix becoming one the largest content providers the world. rex envisions that blockchain technology will take similar path. the technology requires time evolve and the consumer requires trust the system. phase phase rex will begin tell the story each property. rex building decentralized, global multiple listing service. users can virtually view/list properties for free, while becoming comfortable with cryptographic transactions. the accumulation data/public transactions will begin prepare the platform for phase ii. phase phase rex will tell the entire story each property. over time, rex will provide comprehensible history each individual parcel. rex will implement the use smart contracts through escrow, title, and identity services, while simultaneously compiling the data easy read, traceable format. addressable market the united states, the commercial real estate industry valued trillion and the residential industry approximately trillion. unlike traditional mls' that charge excessive annual subscription fees and title agencies that drain most transactions, rex will operate autonomously and fund itself through its internal exchange. the result will decentralized platform where users can virtually list/view real estate data for free. rex will then implement the use smart contracts capitalizing the full potential the addressable market. rexdex (rex's internal decentralized exchange. please see the rex white paper for additional details) initial coin distribution rex will have initial coin supply zero. order facilitate fair means distribution, there will three ways users can obtain rex. place buy orders the rexdex, hope win the liquidity injection distribution rewards (l.i.d.) (), have someone take your offer participate the rex crowdfund start submitting listings registered broker/user and receive listing rewards (for limited time) liquidity injection distribution: the process invented which the top bidders the rexdex (price duration) are rewarded every six hours with newly issued rex. rewards initially, the rextoken contract will allow the creators issue rewards based evidence listings. registered listees will eligible for rex reward for each valid listing they list the system with bonus reward rex listed exclusively and that proven after month two. the reward will issued days following the post. rex will provide auto reward for "verified" listees with one-month payment delay. they are found listing fake/abusive listings, the verified listee profile will flagged and their pending reward disqualified. doing automated rewards rex can keep issuing rewards listings year. which point, rex would issuing rex per year the total (,, this point, the reward system would adjusted order scale demand. eventually the reward system will scaled down zero. investment rewards rex will escrow rex into smart contract that will released crowdsale participants following the beta release the platform. fund raising goal initially, will hold two major crowdfunding campaigns. the first (and the purpose this proposal) take the prototype beta. the development team's outline follows: bootstrap development, create functional product and detailed white paper and begin promotion real estate/block chain conferences (completed) fundraising campaign create functional beta for mainstream testing i.e. the real estate community. estimate six-nine month time frame with budget $,. large focus will the user experience order attract mainstream audience. fund raising campaign following the release/testing beta, rex will raise second fundraising campaign. campaign will larger round fund the full development the rex platform. timeline month continue development/add the core development team month development, design, legal month marketing month beta release month campaign use funds development/design legal marketing travel (promotion) sources https://www.census.gov/construction/nrs/pdf/newressales.pdf http://www.forbes.com/sites/groupthink////why-commercialreal-estate-is-ripe-for-disruption-in-/#ffe https://www.census.gov/const/uspriceann.pdf