technical white paper november www.impleum.com contents common information technical whitepaper abstract disclaimer summary blockchain: distributed ledger where did blockchain come from? how cryptocurrencies use the blockchain? how does blockchain technology work? some benefits blockchain technology what's the catch? bitcoin, blockchain and the growth distributed ledger technology main concepts microtransactions smart contract smart property dapps (decentralized applications) daos (decentralized autonomous organizations) blockchain technology: digital trust and distributed ledger technology (dlt) business the growth dlt business initiatives the scale and transformation transactions decentralized digital age blockchain technology: encoded and decentralized database where blockchain technology used application areas blockchain banking, insurance and finance services the internet things and blockchain technology blockchain and iot supply chain management, logistics and blockchain industry and blockchain other blockchain technology application areas blockchain business looking back the big blockchain technology leaders blockchain business adoption, investments and practices where blockchain potentially good business fit? additional resources blockchain business data and action plans for the near future the limitless applications blockchain revisiting transactions the digital age what cloud computing? the three types cloud computing platform service (paas) blockchain service amazon aws blockchain service azure blockchain service ibm how big can the baas model become? impleum blockchain platform overview the impleum blockchain platform impleum's coin [impl] cross-platform wallets integration blockchain mining opportunities impleum masternodes architecture and development what keeps impleum highly resistant external attacks? what are the advantages impleum smart contracts over other platforms? there are several advantages building impleum the nbitcoin platform architecture the impleum bitcoin full node impleum bitcoin full node security analysis proof-of-stake protocol introduction ii. security, coinage and attacks iii. all problems have solution iv. multisignature/cold staking security analysis vi. conclusion inflation rate impleum masternode registration protocol tumblebit masternodes bitstream format for masternode registration transaction collateral verification future improvements funding transaction some possible attack/dos vectors impleum sidechains impleum smart contracts: smart contracts which can deployed impleum: key features impleum private chains impleum blockchain-as-a-service (baas) decentralised app hosting one-click deployment three-tier architecture scalability bitcoin compatibility conclusion core contributors references common information technical whitepaper impleum technical whitepaper software architecture document. this living document that updated implementation completed, and the architecture and implementation changes. abstract impleum powerful and scalable path develop decentralized applications (dapps). dapps use the decentralised capabilities blockchain technology and layer powerful service nodes route information. integration the blockchain the deployment the network node and setting its connection with the dapp through documented api. the core impleum platform object-oriented programming language with huge developer community. disclaimer this impleum technical white paper for discussion and information purposes only. the information contained herein subject change. part this draft document legally binding enforceable. impleum core contributors and impleum developers does not guarantee the accuracy the conclusions reached this white paper, and this white paper provided "as is". core contributors and impleum developers does not make and expressly disclaims all representations and warranties, express, implied, statutory otherwise, whatsoever, including, but not limited to: (i) warranties merchantability, fitness for particular purpose, suitability, usage, title noninfringement; (ii) that the contents this white paper are free from error; and (iii) that such contents will not infringe third-party rights. impleum core contributors and impleum developers and its affiliates shall have liability for damages any kind arising out the use, reference to, reliance this white paper any the content contained herein, even advised the possibility such damages. event will impleum core contributors and impleum developers its affiliates liable any person entity for any damages, losses, liabilities, costs expenses any kind, whether direct indirect, consequential, compensatory, incidental, actual, exemplary, punitive special for the use of, reference to, reliance this white paper any the content contained herein, including, without limitation, any loss business, revenues, profits, data, use, goodwill other intangible losses. summary blockchain growing list records, called blocks which are linked using cryptography. each block contains cryptographic hash the previous block, timestamp, and transaction data (generally represented merkle tree root hash). design, blockchain resistant modification the data. "an open, distributed ledger that can record transactions between two parties efficiently and verifiable and permanent way". for use distributed ledger, blockchain typically managed peer-to-peer network collectively adhering protocol for inter-node communication and validating new blocks. once recorded, the data any given block cannot altered retroactively without alteration all subsequent blocks, which requires consensus the network majority. although blockchain records are not unalterable, blockchains may considered secure design and exemplify distributed computing system with high byzantine fault tolerance. decentralized consensus has therefore been claimed with blockchain. blockchain was invented satoshi nakamoto serve the public transaction ledger the cryptocurrency bitcoin.the invention the blockchain for bitcoin made the first digital currency solve the double-spending problem without the need trusted authority central server. the bitcoin design has inspired other applications, and blockchains which are readable the public are widely used cryptocurrencies. private blockchains have been proposed for business use. bitcoin ultimately made its first appearance bringing together the classic idea the mutual distributed ledger, the blockchain, with entirely digital currency that wasn't controlled any one individual organization. developed the still anonymous "satoshi nakamoto," the cryptocurrency allowed for method conducting transactions while protecting them from interference the use the blockchain. blockchain can used for much broader range assets than just cryptocurrency: tangible assets such cars, real estate and food products, well intangible assets such bonds, private equity and securities. dapps based impleum platform can use blockchain track the provenance goods minimize fraud, document tampering and double financing and etc. the advantages terms costs, transparency, immutability, security and confidence that are characteristic blockchain solutions mean that financial businesses, government departments and other organisations are exploring applications all kinds with view delivering services more profitably and efficiently. however, reliable deployment new blockchain fit for purpose entails extensive overheads terms network infrastructure, development, security and ongoing maintenance. moreover, use existing blockchain (such bitcoin) comes with numerous problems for mainstream business, not least because users have control over blockchain features future development. attractive model for blockchain service provision exists cloud computing. cloud services may tailored according the needs the organisation and infrastructure, platforms and software provided services via web interfaces without businesses having take the maintenance these themselves. impleum will take similar approach blockchain deployment, enabling organisations provision their own private blockchains, tailored their precise needs but secured the parent impleum chain. this approach means there are few unnecessary overheads whilst allowing businesses secure the benefits blockchain-based solution, developing services via powerful apis and lite web-based clients. blockchain: distributed ledger blockchain technology commonly associated with bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, but that's only the tip the iceberg. some people think blockchain could end transforming number important industries, from health care politics. blockchain technology commonly associated with bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, but that's only the tip the iceberg. some people think blockchain could end transforming number important industries, from health care politics. while blockchain technology isn't simple when you dig into the nitty-gritty, the basic idea isn't too hard follow. it's effectively database that's validated wider community, rather than central authority. it's collection records that crowd oversees and maintains, rather than relying single entity, like bank government, which most likely hosts data particular server. course, physical database kept paper could never managed tens thousands peers. that's where computers, and the internet, come in. each "block" represents number transactional records, and the "chain" component links them all together with hash function. records are created, they are confirmed distributed network computers and paired with the previous entry the chain, thereby creating chain blocks, blockchain. the entire blockchain retained this large network computers, meaning that one person has control over its history. that's important component, because certifies everything that has happened the chain prior, and means that one person can back and change things. makes the blockchain public ledger that cannot easily tampered with, giving built-in layer protection that isn't possible with standard, centralized database information. while traditionally have needed these central authorities trust one another, and fulfil the needs contracts, the blockchain makes possible have our peers guarantee that automated, secure fashion. that's the innovation blockchain, and it's why you may hear used reference things other than bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. though generally not used for yet, blockchain could used maintain variety information. organization called follow vote attempting use for electronic voting system that's more secure than modern versions, and healthcare providers might one day use handle patient records. where did blockchain come from? although blockchain technology has only been effectively employed the past decade, its roots can traced back far further. paper new directions cryptography discussed the idea mutual distributed ledger, which what the blockchain effectively acts as. that was later built upon the with paper entitled how time-stamp digital document. would take another few decades and the combination powerful modern computers, with the clever implementation with cryptocurrency make these ideas viable. data security failing and there has better system. blockchain creates secure, unalterable public record and poised dramatically improve the world around you, from voting systems rental contracts. order validate the blocks the same manner traditional private ledger, the blockchain employs complicated calculations. that, turn, requires powerful computers, which are expensive own, operate, and keep cool. that's part the reason that bitcoin acted such great starting point for the introduction blockchain technology, because could reward those taking part the process with something financial value. how cryptocurrencies use the blockchain? although bitcoin, and alternative currencies, all utilize blockchain technology, they differing manners. since bitcoin was first invented has undergone few changes the behest its core developers and the wider community, and other altcoins have been created improve upon bitcoin, operating slightly different ways. the case bitcoin, new block its blockchain created roughly every ten minutes. that block verifies and records, "certifies" new transactions that have taken place. order for that happen, "miners" utilize powerful computing hardware provide proof-of-work calculation that effectively creates number which verifies the block and the transactions contains. several those confirmations must received before bitcoin transaction can considered effectively complete, even technically the actual bitcoin transferred near-instantaneously. this where bitcoin has run into problems recent years. the number bitcoin transactions increases, the relatively-hard -minute block creation time means that can take longer confirm all the transactions and backlogs can occur. this has lead the creation certain "off chain" solutions like the lightning network, which validate transactions less frequently, provide faster transactions without slowing the rate confirmations. certain alt-coins, geared towards faster transactions, don't have such problem with scaling. with litecoin it's more like two and half minutes, while with ethereum the block time just seconds, confirmations tend happen far faster. there are obvious benefits such change, though having blocks generate faster rate there greater chance errors occurring. percent computers working the blockchain record error, becomes near-permanent, and generating faster blocks means fewer systems working them. how does blockchain technology work? each stage transaction generating set data which are called blocks. the transaction progresses, more blocks get added, forming chain, hence the name. just cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and others, which are based blockchain technology, encryption software guarantees one can ever delete change blocks. several computers across network have the blockchain software installed. each transaction shared these nodes the network and they compete (in bitcoin jargon 'mining') verify the transaction. the first one that verifies also adds the block data the chain and gets incentive for being first. the other nodes next check the transaction, agree that it's correct and replicate the record. all the computers then keep updated copy the ledger, and this acts form proof that the transaction occurred. said, blockchain relies peer-to-peer agreement opposed central authority validate transaction. until now, you wanted make transaction, you informed central authority who checked the details with everyone involved and holds central record such bank, notary any other central certifying authority. the blockchain model there such central authority. transacting parties rely open register, the ledger, validate the transaction. authority comes from the fact that numerous computers, 'miners', have looked the broadcast data, checked and found correct. trust comes not from notary's stamp, but the presumption that those computers can't all wrong. you can imagine that there quite some discussion here well. the earlier mentioned press release regarding its series idc futurescape webcasts and report, idc described blockchain follows: "at the core blockchain distributed ledger technology (dlt) that offers the potential support digital trust scale providing one version the truth (secure information), transfer value (secure ownership records), faster settlements, and smart contracts (automated buying and selling)". visual explainer blockchain technology and relationships with bitcoin and cryptocurrency some benefits blockchain technology the blockchain model transacting parties rely open register validate the transaction. this has some consequences for transactions all kinds. speed the absence central authority theory makes blockchain faster. you're relying central certifier, you depend limited resources. clearing and settling stock trades, for instance, can take days and usually involves some human intervention. with blockchain you have lots computers competing process your transaction quickly possible. today they can matter minutes. the future may only take seconds. cost blockchain also cheaper. all the computers holding the blockchain are paid for the participants the hope that they will earn the incentive for being the first validate the transaction. transparency blockchain more transparent. can give regulators and compliance officers clearer insight into the provenance financial transactions, helping them combat money laundering and manage risk. tracking nothing can changed and the ledger present across multiple nodes, blockchain easier track. won't come surprise that blockchain often used for asset tracking consequence (more below) what's the catch? blockchain technology has lot exciting potential, but there are some serious considerations that need addressed before can say it's the technology the future. remember all that computing power required verify transactions? those computers need electricity. bitcoin poster child the problematic escalation power demanded from large blockchain network. although exact statistics the power requirements bitcoin difficult, it's regularly compared small countries its current state. that's not appealing given today's concerns about climate change, the availability power developing countries, and reliability power developed nations. bitcoin, blockchain and the growth distributed ledger technology blockchain effect mechanism allowing programmable transactions (transactions modified condition set conditions). sound simple enough, but ethereum network, for example, the language used write such scripts aturing complete one that is, allowing implement any computable function. this enables number interesting concepts, which are adding value the platform and causing stir across the community. blockchain uses are not limited transactions: they enable plenty brand new economic opportunities previously unavailable the world web. these include: microtransactions; decentralized exchange; creating and transferring digital assets; smart contracts smart contracts are scripts executed blockchain environment; their codes are accessible all and anyone can verify the correctness code execution. the verification carried out miners the blockchain environment. this ensures honest execution the "contract." thus, ecosystem international decentralized, but trusted, links based the blockchain technology created. which makes possible for economic aspects built into all sorts different things: decentralized computer networks with built-in economic links; iot (internet things, you happen forget the meaning this acronym); individual devices will engage economic interplay (picture it: the refrigerator itself decides what wanted, places orders and effects payments j); smart cars, smart homes, smart cities. let not write these off: they are part not remote future, some places they already make the present. all these cases blockchain allows transferring money value. all the while being effective and trusted information exchange tool for efficient distribution resources. main concepts blockchain being the height its development, there are quite few different terms and concept, often overlapping ones. let cover the main ones brief. microtransactions this appears the simplest concept among those describe, but certainly worth mentioning. the visa/mastercard backbone technologies had been originally designed centralized structures, and their bases make attractive targets for attackers, see from the many "hacker" movies and real life cases. plus they are unable effecting really small (micro)transactions. small means the minute transactions not supported the traditional payment systems. blockchain enables transactions worth portions cent. small they may be, this opens whole new horizon opportunities. let give you simple example. let's suppose city there are several companies operating cargo drones.blockchain will make the drones able economic team play not only with the drones the same fleet but with third-party drones, too. for example,drone has deliver cargo from free calculate whether not more economical for deliver its payload point and put out tender for delivered from there third-party drones; feasible for both parties, may strike deal complete the delivery itself. this will improve the overall performance the drone network. there another example have seen quoted the literature: your car caught dense traffic but you badly need get along really quickly: let's suppose your wife labor. you are ready pay the other road users certain amount money make them move aside and give you the right way. those who let you pass (drivers who are not hurry make their destinations) will each get microtransaction for their help. blockchain with its microtransaction feature set exactly the engine enable this. centralized system such transactions would too costly considered. smart contract those you who had never heard the term before are probably now asking themselves what smart contract is. and yet, indirectly, deal with this concept every day. this contract from our life, but one written using programming language and automatically executed soon certain triggers are pulled. the classic example such contract the vending machine, always automatically operating according fixed set rules: you pay the money, your make your choice the machine releases your purchase. the smart contract context, code becomes law; cannot contested and will always executed letter soon the conditions are met. least, until recently had never heard any means challenging such contract. but every rule has its exceptions going tell you about one such interesting case later). the most important nuance here that the contract must executed without fail. smart property smart property new concept are not used all yet. this case property rights (for car, apartment, etc.) are cryptographically fixed the code.the asset (property) will only operate recognizing legitimate user rights for the use that property. this makes the transfer property simple any transaction. course, the smart property concept based widespread use and adaptation decentralized trusted blockchain, which now appears quite distant future. yet wouldn't overly pessimistic there are already blockchain startups used register diamonds and watches. way adding the idea: using the information about the current balance supply and demand supplied from the internet, the smart property item can potentially engaged economic activities its own. thus, taxicab without driver self-owned one will marketing its services taking orders all itself, balancing out its tariff based time day, current supply and demand. dapps (decentralized applications) these are apps executed blockchain. bitcoin, being transaction-focused peer-to-peer network, happened the first ever decentralized application. the opportunity make smart contracts and write executable code within blockchain has given birth all sorts decentralized applications. besides, daps can quite independent from any particular blockchain, operating entirely stand-alone applications. example: madesafe, distributed data storage application. short, operates like this: you make your disk space and up-time available the network users and collect your premium for that; alternately, you can upload your data the network exchange for your service. there had been similar projects the past (for example, wuala), but now, for the first time ever, they are founded economic principles: you simply offer your space and get paid. far there certainty whether the project will survive. internet sources give list criteria application must satisfy called dapp: dapp must fully open-code, must operate stand-alone application and organization may able claim possession the greater part its tokens. dapp may adapt its protocol response suggested improvements and market feedback, but all changes must adopted consensus all its users. dapp's data and operating reports must encrypted and stored public domain, the called decentralized blockchain, avoid any potential network outage. dapp must require cryptographic token (bitcoin original app token) for access it. every bit input contributed miners must rewarded dapp's tokens. daos (decentralized autonomous organizations) one the most impressive blockchain-based concepts that decentralized autonomous organization. the traditional organizations know are all based onsets contracts and agreements enforced external agencies (laws, courts justice, authorized bodies, etc.). this certainly increases the operating cost such organization and impairs the reliability its rules and procedures. dao, too, based set contracts, but these are not paper contracts but smart contracts executed blockchain environment. this puts dao ahead the previous concepts and turns into sort company's robotized manager. dao can collect and store the money received way investment, can spend that money based known set rules agreed upon dao members, and forth. examples decentralized autonomous organizations: automated marketplace for trading resources other valuables. distributed independent marketplace with equal conditions for all participants. some the closer examples: stock markets rtb-based advertising markets. the communities involved organizing interplay, such you profi.ru, can well based decentralized principles. addition dao, there are such concepts dacs (decentralized autonomous corporations) and dass (decentralized autonomous societies).these appear bit redundant me, they are effect integral the dao concept and are not much different from dao terms operating decentralized organization. the different terms this case seem only mimic the familiar forms centralized organizations, know them. summary: the dao concept may greatly alleviate (or completely away with) the company's operating costs automating its operations, full part. this broader application was developed number '.' platforms including nxt and bitshares, amongst others. date, however, all these have been relatively limited one way another, and lack suitability their current forms for adoption real-world financial businesses. the rise bitcoin and similar protocols was accompanied rapid re-evaluation governments, regulators and the financial services industry the existing paradigms. due bitcoin's position outside the control state and financial authorities and its potential for misuse tool fraud, money laundering and other illegal activity, well other concerns such its volatility and the unregulated nature the exchanges which traded, the first reactions tended scepticism and concern. however, increasing number actors have also recognised the potential blockchain technology and the broad range use cases which the distributed ledger lends itself. blockchain technology: digital trust and distributed ledger technology (dlt) business distributed ledger technology (dlt, also known blockchain technology) revolves around encoded and distributed database serving ledger (hence distributed ledger technology) whereby records regarding transactions are stored. the core dlt innovative database approach with data model whereby cryptography (encryption) utilized each transaction update and verification become possible across the specific blockchain network, depending its goal and stakeholders. distributed ledger technology practice and beyond cryptocurrencies how blockchains and dlt work, industries, applications, evolutions, networks and the business reality. there still something that blockchain, distributed ledger technology (dlt), and known the technology that powers cryptocurrency bitcoin, doesn't promise change digital business and transaction processing and digital services requiring trust one shape another? perhaps better: there still some challenge, organizational other, whereby blockchain isn't hyped the ultimate solution? although indeed being hyped this stage (and for most applications being the early stages hype cycles) blockchain technology part the arsenal software and solutions which are highly relevant the scope of, among others, digital transformation. certainly isn't the solution for everything (well the contrary) one might believe when seeing the hype but highly valuable specific circumstances where its use relevant. note that today many opinions what blockchain could mearn for "xyz" (whereby blockchain really means dlt) you can see them popular media and vendor talk are indeed just about that "what could mean". terms such 'potential' and even 'revolutions' are very frequently used when the possibilities, rather than the realities dlt are covered. you know, between potential and reality there big gap and there seem quite some revolutions these days: the industry revolution, the artificial intelligence revolution (really umbrella term) you name it. blockchains (indeed, plural) are tested and deployed across several use cases digital trust and exchanges all industries, and beyond cryptocurrencies, and contractual backbone trust digital age. dlt poised one the fastest growing digital technologies and evolutions for several years come and has key role ample relevant use cases the digital transformation several processes and industries. blockchain technology hype also leads big difference between what technology could possible and what really can do, even better, does. however, there doubt about it: distributed ledger technology becoming big business and big business, some business that is. pic. blockchain technology organizations with over employees "actively considering" the process deploying blockchain technology (jupiter research, summer there are several reasons why dlt adoption poised grow across use cases and industries all kinds faster than expected while many others will not meet expectations simply will not needed. and even still relatively early days for dlt for most companies, all signs are clear (as are the roadmaps some our partners, facto implementations and industry initiatives) distributed ledger technology among the top evolutions, albeit with adoption, testing and effective usage different speeds, depending context, industry, use case and maturity the organizations tends the case with all technologies. table contents the growth dlt business initiatives and literally hundreds companies, including leading global companies and leaders within their respective countries regions across various sectors have joined important blockchain and dlt initiatives. you only look the partners few more less recent initiatives which mention below such ibm's cross-border payment blockchain initiative which mainly has companies from the asia pacific region board that's where starts and which was announced october you already have close companies. yet, the same time many these initiatives (will) fail meet their objectives while others are becoming more important. however, before start looking more depth some use cases and projects (or, least, link them) need give small overview dlt for business. for many distributed ledger technology still relatively new, certainly outside its bitcoin and cryptocurrency scope (and that's the scope outside which most business initiatives want leverage dlt, leading discussions about which terms should really use) and since only tackled blockchain technology from the financial services industry perspective the past (because that where the attention outside the cryptocurrency context started and loads transactions are involved) and the iot perspective (because that our second digital trend our list really watch case you don't yet and involves even more transactions), also want look what blockchain technology and how gets adopted more applications and sectors than the mentioned ones (from government legal and supply chains). use the table contents above jump the section that interests you most. the scale and transformation transactions decentralized digital age technologies and business approaches get distributed virtually all digitalized areas, transactions. moreover, new digital services pop where there need for integrity, trust and security and existing services can transformed using those same essential principles digital transaction context. from transactions the facto distributed reality the internet things (iot) increasing distributed transaction processing business processes: the scale, speed, volumes and data involved are the rise speak, with transactions some applications and use cases being more than just the rise. the question how you deal with ever more and faster transactions the core digital business reliable way that doesn't slow down transactions any way but, the contrary, offers the speed they need trustworthy and cost-efficient way? using distributed technology and different data model the answer for many. enter blockchain technology. blockchain the future blockchain and distributed ledger business according idc's idc futurescapes: worldwide predictions blockchain technology: encoded and decentralized database mentioned, blockchain revolves around encoded and decentralized distributed database (the 'distributed' part distributed ledger technology) which serves ledger whereby records regarding transactions are stored and cryptography used for each update transactions. mentioned the introduction blockchain technology rooted the world cryptocurrencies, more specifically bitcoin. that connotation will disappear and will not speak about the blockchain but about blockchains (note the letter 's'), blockchain technology distributed ledger technology. although today decentralization and the absence predefined central authority are often mentioned now times where cryptocurrencies still have most attention, they aren't the strict essence (moreover, even bitcoin there are central authorities speak, the bitcoin miners, but that's different story) blockchain technology being tested and implemented across broad range applications, industries and use cases for endless applications. examples, top the internet things and financial services (banking, insurance and reinsurance, capital markets) include industry fraud management, digital identities, information management and far more areas and industries where fits context transactions, payments, contracts (smart contracts), proof, trust and forth the decentralizing nature digital transformation technologies. these records can't changed the model distributed: there isn't central authority but there also isn't any involved party (those doing transactions) that can change information. blockchain relies peer-to-peer network principles whereby each encrypted block the chain linked the next. why the peer-to-peer network and absence central authority? because blockchain was precisely 'invented' solve the challenge the lack central authority cryptocurrency bitcoin. however, this doesn't mean that blockchain only used for very decentralized applications. blockchain used organizations and/or groups organizations for specific services where trust from other parties needed build blockchain network with other parties without traditional intermediaries. it's also important differentiate between public and private blockchains and between blockchain networks from the perspective the relevance the goal and context which they are used, which organizations and/or groups organizations use them and what those exact services are. the attention for blockchain from security and secure transaction perspective is, among others, related the fact that blockchain cryptographic ledger whereby the chain consists encrypted blocks and after the validation the transaction (peer-to-peer and across the network) added block the chain permanent and unchangeable record transaction digital ecosystems with heavy transaction processing whereby transactions, data and speed increase and meet the need for layer trust. main use cases blockchain main use cases blockchain found juniper research the summer more details below source venturebeat where blockchain technology used application areas below are some examples where blockchain distributed ledger technology tested and implemented with some details per mentioned industry area application. blockchain banking, insurance and finance services especially since many initiatives were taken large financial service providers and institutions, well fintechs, regarding blockchain for finance distributed ledger technology among others used and/or tested for insurance applications such claims management and for banking applications where digital identity and smart contracts are just few use cases that fit myriad financial operations. the transfer funds and financial transactions are other areas which are also closer the roots blockchain. token the rapid evolutions banking the earlier mentioned ibm blockchain-based cross-border payment solution which the company announced october th, the solution aims solve cross-border payment challenges and offers real-time clearing and settlement. over dozen banks and institutions were involved the development and deployment process. cross-border payments are undoubtedly key use case also swift, mastercard and the consortium took initatives, the latter two and ibm did october digital identity one many applications that can very useful specific banking applications and even totally change the way onboard customers, solving the identity problem and enabling full mobile onboarding explained the occassion the launch alastria, the first nation-wide and multi-sector blockchain ecosystem ever which was announced spain october and where digital initial priority. the internet things and blockchain technology the combination blockchain and iot looked and effectively leveraged for myriad reasons, ranging from smart contracts and iot data monetization models across complex chains connectivity where trust crucial. there are already blockchain applications the context the internet things and some vendors have specific solutions enable the use blockchain for iot to, among others increase trust, save costs and speed transactions. ibm frontrunner here, although several vendor and industry initiatives have been launched with new solutions and actual deployments. iot all about transactions, contracts and trust distributed environment. blockchain is, among others, the missing link settle privacy and reliability concerns iot the ieee's ahmed banafa writes. note that iot and blockchain convergence also touches upon the various other technologies (e.g. ai), industries (e.g. insurance and telematics) and activities (e.g. supply chain management, security) mention this page. other words: iot and blockchain needs seen context and isn't just matter how blockchain can boost iot and help solve challenges see iot. blockchain and iot supply chain management, logistics and blockchain there very long road between manufacturing even the design product and buying retail store online. keeping track all transactions, again endless applications arise, for example with regards where the product was made. there are several existing projects with regards the usage blockchain supply chain management, logistics, transportation and forth. there one major part global business where there high volume transactions, ecosystem with many players (certainly cross-border trade) and still high dependence paper fast evolving and highly inter-connected ecosystem it's everything related end-to-end supply chains. so, it's not really surprise that, after the financial sector, blockchain spending poised largest the distribution and services sector global level according idc's blockchain spending forecasts. with blockchain, logistics and the various stakeholders trade are really pretty much all areas the definition connected supply chain ecosystem where speed and accuracy matter more than ever. from outbound logistics and all the way (with several forms transportation) distribution export with even more intermediaries, forms transportation, freight forwarders, container shipping, import and inbound logistics, depending the supply chain. order really function should have blockchains encompassing all these stakeholders and the many others left out this simplified ecosystem picture, the very least and certainly global supply chain context interoperability would key stakeholders such customs, name just one also have their systems. the past few years we've seen blockchain supply chain, logistics and transportation efforts and consortiums pop up, sometimes with more global cross-border shipping focus and sometimes with more specific focus such container release and cargo flows ports dispute resolution logistics. gradually these efforts are coming fruition and existing initiatives announce new members. these also include e-commerce giants. february for instance, chinese retailer jd.com which preparing compete with amazon europe and opened offices australia all part major international push, joined bita, the blockchain transport alliance that has been announcing new members since the beginning astonishing rate. major announcement the context global trade and supply chain digitization leveraging blockchain concerned the start joint venture between container shipping giant maersk and ibm end january ibm and maersk have been working blockchain possibilities for quite some time now and started their collaboration the summer several companies, ports and authorities already conducted pilots with the platform and several more are planning join. yet, blockchain initiatives are also realize perhaps what less encompassing scale but with ambition growth that does beyond the initial goals which solve specific real challenges and then lead more applications and blockchain use cases specific logistics context. good example this blockchain smart port case the port antwerp where real challenges the scope maritime logistics and especially container release are tackled. industry and blockchain this partially related the previous area. you thoroughly study the key aspects industry and its reference architecture model you doubt will see how data-intensive and transaction-intensive is. the life cycle and value stream dimension the architecture starts with early data collection and provisioning and maps data acquisition production objects across the entire lifecycle. blockchain technology already used industry applications and not just for industrial data. also building block intelligent erp. other blockchain technology application areas some other application areas with focus transactions and security (the potential blockchain also stretches cybersecurity such) include the use blockchain the public sector and government (even including voting) and myriad industries and use cases where rights management, trust and reliability, data protection and contracts are concerned the increasingly digitized environments sectors going through digital transformation: from the music and media industry healthcare, the legal sector and more. this list far from exhaustive. the next sections you can find some predictions (end with regards the adoption blockchain services and networks among large companies and few the major industries. ibm universal blockchain payments solution one several blockchain cross-border payment initiatives launched read more about the ibm solution depicted this infographic blockchain business looking back mentioned the introduction, several large (and less large) firms, research bodies, start-ups, universities and forth have launched joined industry initiatives, blockchain research groups and alliances with roadmaps and standardization projects this happened increasing variety areas, ranging from secure and blockchain-based iot project and vendor-led supply chain initiatives trucker association blockchain consortium, the mentioned cross-border payments blockchain initiative and spain's national blockchain project name few. after the summer the number pilots, projects and initiatives grew fast, not just number but also business scope. this isn't going stop course, well the contrary. the end, top new initiatives, existing ones enter stages with solutions. that's when really becomes interesting. ies (deloitte) the sheer list companies testing blockchain having implemented huge. from giants such maersk, dozens insurance companies, the port rotterdam, lufthansa that recently announced project customers growing list blockchain technology providers and hundreds companies which you find one several the associations, alliances and vertical/topical research groups. the big blockchain technology leaders earlier said that ibm frontrunner the iot and blockchain space but ibm also has the strongest credentials all players the blockchain sector and quite ahead its closest competitors. that's least what juniper research found survey. the results were announced september (and several other releases throughout the summer) and seems that over percent respondents cited ibm being ranked first enterprises that either consider are the process deploying blockchain technology. according juniper's blockchain enterprise survey, ibm followed microsoft percent respondents) and accenture. among the reasons for ibm's leadership position: high-profile r&d engagement with initiatives such hyperledger. big list actual blockchain clients across several verticals and use cases such banking, asset tracking and the music industry. blockchain business adoption, investments and practices the announcement the blockchain enterprise survey wasn't just about which technology players are recognized most when boils down blockchain, nor was the survey juniper (more findings the infographic below). there are some interesting numbers the market and success factors, based upon the answers some the approximately responding executives and leaders. among the respondents prepared share their investments blockchain, percent said already having invested over the end those respondents, whopping percent said least spend the same amount the reason why spending continues grows related with the fact that the first results the first investments were convincing/positive enough conduct more extensive tests integrate more extensive level. this trend, then it's another token that we'll see more spending and initiatives the predictions idc clearly indicate. final takeaway: juniper research urges companies focus private blockchains for commercial deployments instead public ones. where blockchain potentially good business fit? end july juniper research released some other findings from the report showing that (as you can also check the infographic below) percent organizations with over employees either 'actively considering' the process deploying blockchain technology. percent doesn't know and percent not actively considering deploying. that picture completely changes when looking all companies, including those with over employees where see that the majority respondents still saying 'yes' but instead percent that number considerably drops percent (play with the interactive infographic below) that brings the question for which kind companies, industries and use cases blockchain good fit. and that's also what juniper research wanted know. the result white paper with the apt name 'which industries are the best fit for blockchain?'. from the press release remember few things. according the research, companies which would benefit most from blockchain include those with: need for transparency and clarity transactions current dependence paper-based legacy storage systems and/or high volume transmitted information. so, indeed transactions, trust, transparency and lot data with the need for speed decentralizing technology landscape. with regards the paper aspect don't think that tomorrow we'll live paperless society with blockchain, trust us. the other hand, various applications blockchain can indeed speed higher independence from paper-based legacy storage systems (especially when powered consortium and private blockchain that facto changing the game areas where those who want remain relevant simply have choice) disruption and underestimation the blockchain challenge risks when talk about changing the game there are also the human, cultural and other contextual transformation parameters. and here juniper research really hits the nail when saying that, despite growing awareness (the benefits of) blockchain and more initiatives, might dangerous leverage blockchain without first looking other options there element disruption the survey shows. and that might also slow down the current enthusiasm bit as, quoting the press release "the research found that companies may have underestimated the scale the blockchain challenge". without interoperability, clients and partner ecosystems wanting collaborate and forth you might indeed get trouble and underestimating the scale and complexity internal and external disruption through the adoption blockchain might your blockchain party pooper. that the very reason why big names put their shoulders under blockchain and blockchain associations across various use cases and industries and why you'll see more and more client cases coming, ideally within ecosystem context. you have feeling deja-vu: indeed, feels lot like the early days iot and many other technologies. but this time seems that the stakeholders are moving way faster. after all, history has tendency repeat itself but companies like the leading ones above now and then also learn from history. additional resources blockchain business blockchain enterprise survey below screenshot the interactive infographic from the blockchain enterprise survey juniper research, presented the summer and tackled this blockchain overview. jupiter blockchain survey: blockchain awareness and usefulness proportion survey respondents who knew "very little" about blockchain proportion respondents believing that blockchain could "very useful" "quite useful" for their company jupiter blockchain survey: enterprise disruption proportion companies considering actively deploying blockchain that feel will cause "significant" internal disruption. proportion companies considering actively deploying blockchain that feel will cause "significant" disruption their partners/customers. blockchain technology report for managers end january the national institute standards and technology published draft report regarding blockchain technology covered our nist blockchain technology report article. the report gives great overview blockchain technologies and more. although aims target managers who want take decisions with regards blockchain business applications does offer great introduction blockchain somewhat more technical context but also with ample use cases and more. blockchain global benchmarking study last but not least, below the previously mentioned slideshare the global blockchain benchmarking study the university cambridge judge business school (cambridge centre for alternative finance). data and action plans for the near future analysts across the globe see important future for blockchain myriad organizations and use cases. top juniper research, which mentioned earlier and several others, also idc states that blockchain services are poised become the foundation for digital trust scale idc stated end you could already see that much the infographic above course. according idc's industry forecasts, fully entitled "idc futurescape: worldwide industry predictions", revealed webcast with press release october st, least percent the would use blockchain services with exactly that purpose. when looking some industries and the data from idc mainly global transaction banks, the manufacturing industry, retailers and healthcare organizations would along the earliest movers have blockchain networks production (so tests proof concept). blockchain networks production main industries below are the forecasts for the mentioned industries (note that idc looks here and not the earlier mentioned prediction) top global transactions banks: percent with blockchain network production. manufacturers and retailers together: blockchain network production for close percent. healthcare organizations: percent healthcare organizations with blockchain network production another interesting finding, this time from idc's "futurescape: worldwide iot predictions" concerns blockchain and the internet things, topic covered earlier. most look blockchain one the ways solve multiple data exchange and iot monetization challenges, among others through using smart contracts. well, idc predicts that percent pilot and production blockchain distributed ledgers will incorporate iot sensors you can read here hear when you listen the appropariate webcast the idc futurescape series. what does business have order get ready for blockchain? although being first mover doesn't always mean being the best position, with regards the adoption blockchain business things could different. october according the research firm early adopters can establish very strong positions while organizations that are not participating blockchains and the industry ecosystems they require, will encounter significant disadvantages with regards to, among others, speed and costs. start looking all the blockchain consortiums and initiatives out there and see which could bring the benefits blockchain within their specific industries, use cases and ecosystems. the case there isn't such ecosystem and there case and benefit so, investigate the opportunity, which definition obviously also means finding the right peers and partners that can help start one (or, less ambitious, join start blockchain network pilot). companies that are slower their digital transformation efforts, which really the majority organizations today, have their homework, start learning, experience the potential, talk with their peers and forth more importantly they need develop use case scenarios for blockchain that make most sense for them. those who are ahead their digital transformation journey should put blockchain strategy and plan and place idc states. blockchain forecasts and industries our article blockchain the and western europe mentioned some data regarding the adoption blockchain across several industries per the cambridge centre for alternative finance (research end see slideshare the bottom this page). the results depicted below are part the blockchain factsheet which was presented the occasion the blockchain observatory and forum, covered the article. however, the global blockchain benchmarking study the cambridge centre for alternative finance. sectors currently using blockchain sectors currently using dlts according the blockchain factsheet based upon cambridge centre for alternative finance data. however, the authors came this result looking the largest number identified dlt use cases, whereby blockchain use cases were grouped into industry segments that have been frequently mentioned public discussions, reports and press releases". the meantime idc announced its inaugural worldwide semiannual blockchain spending guide (january th, and version for western europe also mentioned that same article which looks more into detail from the spending rather than identified dlt use case perspective. according idc, global blockchain spending expected reach billion and total spending billion the scope this section industries and blockchain use cases, it's interesting note that, according idc, spending per industry for shows the following picture: the financial sector leads with blockchain spending million mainly the fast adoption the banking industry key here. the distribution and services sector ranks second with million with retail and professional services showing strong blockchain investment. the manufacturing and resources sector ranks third with million here most blockchain investments will happen the discrete and process manufacturing industries. per usual there are geographical differences though. looking the different regions from blockchain spending perspective the chart below shows the split and evolutions until the leads, followed western europe. top region based spend, (value (constant annual), usd, source: idc worldwide semiannual blockchain spending guide, blockchain spending per region according idc's worldwide semiannual blockchain spending guide (january however, while the the distribution and services sector will account for most blockchain investment western europe the financial services sector the main driver. the latter also the case china (prc) and the apecj region (asia pacific, excluding japan) the fastest growers blockchain spending globally are, respectively, professional services (.% cagr) discrete manufacturing (.% cagr), and the resource industries (.% cagr) the limitless applications blockchain revisiting transactions the digital age time move beyond the better known potential and current applications blockchain and get the broader picture revisiting transactions this digital age and look more areas where new system contracts, keeping track and ultimately recording and being able control prove complex digital ecosystems needed. let's use the definition merriam-webster transaction make clear: "an exchange transfer goods, services, funds". now, let's elaborate that and look two key aspects. goods and services mean many things you know live data-intensive age information where data has become key business asset. think about how important data sharing and monetization has become, for instance iot data monetization. think about how data turned into actionable intelligence business process outcomes, how important have audit trail and how automated processes which are moving data across the value chain and across ecosystems really are transactions. order leverage, let alone 'exchange' data key have mechanisms place, for instance make sure that pieces crucial data have not been tampered with and are reliable and trustworthy original versions which can leveraged for whatever purpose. can on, even this level data alone. now start thinking about the goods and services this day and age the broadest sense and the number transactions that happen regarding them well the need record those, for instance from regulatory perspective the transfer and exchange personal and sensitive data how essential information gets shared and used for critical medical purposes for actions, decisions and transactions for myriad digital services. and haven't even really started exploring the services this as-a-service economy yet. you see the vastness and it's far from done yet. transactions don't just happen between people there are far more transactions between systems, between devices and between devices and systems increasingly hyper-connected reality. devices communicate with each other, intelligent building components take decisions based data exchanges changes/triggers any sensor-measured external state, information gets automatically sent from one system another the scope business process "case" the sense case management, trigger caused change system leads result, the list goes on. you entirely remove the human element and several changes status and transactions between systems and devices lead ever more autonomous and decentralized decision making they increasingly industrial automation, building automation, iot, advanced analytics with ai-driven actions and much more you really start seeing why blockchain seen key the digital transformation economy many. concerns with regards blockchain for organizations found juniper research the summer and reported venturebeat what cloud computing? everyone talking about "the cloud." but what does mean? more and more, are seeing technology moving the cloud. it's not just fad the shift from traditional software models the internet has steadily gained momentum over the last years. looking ahead, the next decade cloud computing promises new ways collaborate everywhere, through mobile devices. what cloud computing? essentially, cloud computing kind outsourcing computer programs. using cloud computing, users are able access software and applications from wherever they are; the computer programs are being hosted outside party and reside the cloud. this means that users not have worry about things such storage and power, they can simply enjoy the end result. life before cloud computing traditional business applications have always been very complicated and expensive. the amount and variety hardware and software required run them are daunting. you need whole team experts install, configure, test, run, secure, and update them. when you multiply this effort across dozens hundreds apps, it's easy see why the biggest companies with the best departments aren't getting the apps they need. small and midsize businesses don't stand chance. cloud computing: better way with cloud computing, you eliminate those headaches that come with storing your own data, because you're not managing hardware and software that becomes the responsibility experienced vendor like salesforce. the shared infrastructure means works like utility: you only pay for what you need, upgrades are automatic, and scaling down easy. cloud-based apps can and running days weeks, and they cost less. with cloud app, you just open browser, log in, customize the app, and start using it. businesses are running all kinds apps the cloud, like customer relationship management (crm), hr, accounting, and much more. some the world's largest companies moved their applications the cloud with salesforce after rigorously testing the security and reliability our infrastructure. cloud computing grows popularity, thousands companies are simply rebranding their non-cloud products and services "cloud computing." always dig deeper when evaluating cloud offerings and keep mind that you have buy and manage hardware and software, what you're looking isn't really cloud computing but false cloud. the three types cloud computing infrastructure service (iaas) third party hosts elements infrastructure, such hardware, software, servers, and storage, also providing backup, security, and maintenance. software service (saas) using the cloud, software such internet browser application able become usable tool. platform service (paas) the branch cloud computing that allows users develop, run, and manage applications without having get caught code, storage, infrastructure and on. there are several types paas. every paas option either public, private, hybrid mix the two. public paas hosted the cloud, and its infrastructure managed the provider. private paas, the other hand, housed onsite servers private networks, and maintained the user. hybrid paas uses elements from both public and private, and capable executing applications from multiple cloud infrastructures. platform service (paas) the branch cloud computing that allows users develop, run, and manage applications without having get caught code, storage, infrastructure, and on. paas can further categorized depending whether open closed source, whether mobile compatible (mpaas), and what business types caters to. when choosing paas solution, the most important considerations beyond how hosted are how well integrates with existing information systems, which programming languages supports, what application-building tools offers, how customizable configurable is, and how effectively supported the provider. digital technologies grow ever more powerful and available, apps and cloud-based platforms are becoming almost universally widespread. businesses are taking advantage new paas capabilities further outsource tasks that would have otherwise relied local solutions. this all made possible through advances cloud computing. using cloud computing, users are able access software and applications from wherever they need, while being hosted outside party "the cloud". traditional business applications have always been very complicated and expensive. the amount and variety hardware and software required run them are daunting. you need whole team experts install, configure, test, run, secure, and update them. when you multiply this effort across dozens hundreds apps, it's easy see why the biggest companies with the best departments aren't getting the apps they need. small and mid-sized businesses don't stand chance. the affordability cloud-hosted data makes essential tool for these types situations. here are some other benefits cloud computing. adaptable cloud computing allows for adaptable programs and applications that are customizable, while allowing owners control over the core code. multitenant cloud software provides the opportunity provide personalized applications and portals number customers tenants. reliable because hosted third party, businesses and other users have greater assurance reliability, and when there are problems, easy access customer support. scalable with the internet things, essential that software functions across every device and integrates with other applications. cloud applications can provide this. secure cloud computing can also guarantee more secure environment, thanks increased resources for security and centralization data. what blockchain service? order offer the benefits blockchain the wider business community, companies such microsoft decided offer blockchain technology through the cloud service business model. most people are aware iaas, paas and saas, given that most some way use cloud-based applications storage. the baas model acts very much the same way, allowing businesses all shapes and sizes access blockchain based technology without having invest developing in-house first. therefore, the baas model would allow companies access blockchain provider's services where they can then access/develop blockchain based applications. the only downside the baas model that demands certain amount centralization transactions would need funneled through the host platform's blockchain services. since decentralization one the key features that makes blockchain useful, companies will need think long and hard whether this the right solution their problem. advantages the service model: low-cost access technology offers companies massive scalability increased data security compatibility anywhere access better software what kinds things can blockchain service used for? anyone from startups huge multinational corporations will eventually able use blockchain-as-a-service for tasks ranging from improving stocktaking, securing confidential customer records, recording property ownership, helping launch their own ico. blockchain can provide least partial solution the problems underlying the vast number transactions and processes that underwrite the entire global economy today. blockchain the healthcare industry, for example, will eventually used allow fully electronic medical records, order and record drug stock levels, help improve the development new drugs, and streamline claims adjudication. blockchain the insurance industry set create accurate real-time risk assessments customers which will allow for the first ever 'smart insurance plans' that could facilitate the world's first pay-as-you-need insurance policies. this technology will also help streamline internal processes, reduce fraud, and even improve customer service too. other industries that are set benefit from blockchain: advertising entertainment industry retail cloud rideshare energy finance industry government check out this article for more comprehensive list the industries that are set disrupted blockchain. blockchain service amazon aws amazon has been the world's largest cloud provider for number years now. made over billion from its amazon web services the leading provider iaas, saas, and paas services that recently combined forces with the investment firm digital currency group (dcg) create baas environment that now offers through its aws platform. the aim this baas environment allow dcg affiliated blockchain providers work with its clients secure blockchain environment aid development. access financial institutions, enterprise technology companies, and insurance companies will help developers the project ascertain what the real business needs are for blockchain allowing them push baas development that direction. this the same cleaver feedback loop based business model that amazon used develop such great iaas applications the past. result, few insiders doubt that aws's strategy won't succeed really advancing baas and ensuring its quick implementation. blockchain service azure microsoft's azure the second-biggest provider cloud-based services the world today. while microsoft was caught napping aws, quickly used its expertise and heavyweight resources create its own cloud platform, which called azure. recent years, they have made lot the ground aws, particularity after they migrated their highly successful office software the cloud. while their flagship windows operating system continues lose market share, azure quickly becoming huge cash cow for the company. microsoft has followed aws lead recently adding baas modules their existing cloud platform. however, microsoft has chosen focus its baas development around the open source ethereum blockchain. for those you who are unaware the ethereum project, probably the most exciting company have come out the blockchain revolution far. focuses the use 'smart contracts' facilitate huge range agreements that include the exchange products and services between parties. microsoft azure's baas service aims provide fast and affordable access blockchain technology. offers good development environment for developers and businesses order facilitate the innovation new processes and techniques using blockchain. like amazon, microsoft plans allow new systems developed this space which will eventually rolled out the wider business market. combining blockchain developer's skills with their vast platform, microsoft offering the scalability that should hasten the development the kind solutions that are much demand. intent winning this race are microsoft that they have even thrown the weight their services being the project facilitate more powerful and efficient data analysis and management. blockchain service ibm just outside the 'big three' cloud providers ibm. the world's fourth-largest cloud provider and focuses most its efforts providing services businesses. was also caught napping aws the early days cloud development but has worked hard catch the proceeding years. ibm has developed its own baas service that based the hyperledger baas system. their system also provides environment for developers and businesses create blockchain solutions. its primary aim digitize transaction workflow through shared ledger and create secure blockchain networks. like amazon and microsoft, ibm hopes that this strategy will help develop blockchain technology the point where can replace many the existing solutions use today. since ibm's core business already focused the buisness sector, stands gain enormously able help develop secure, reliable, and adaptable blockchain technologies before the competition. how big can the baas model become? right now one really knows how big baas going be. it's little like asking how long piece string? since the blockchain revolution still only just beginning still struggling keep with all the different ideas and directions that developers are trying explore. undoubtedly, this reasoning behind the larger cloud company's decision open their resources for companies and developers use. after all, they must have learned lesson from when they were caught napping amazon took the lead initial cloud platform development. gartner also noted that searches blockchain increased the months before february since the surge the price the cryptocurrency market, likely that this figure will have risen massively yet again. the real question that going limit the rise baas not whether not there the demand, even whether companies actually need blockchain technology, but rather can baas development overcome the limitations that current blockchain technology suffers from? the industry will need find solutions such problems blockchain bloat and the massive energy requirements blockchain processing. blockchains grow size they inevitably contain more and more information. this must sent and received during every single blockchain transaction, resulting vast amounts network capacity being needed process them. the same goes for the amount electricity needed process each blockchain transaction. recent estimate that now takes about barrel oil's worth energy process single bitcoin transaction. already, daily bitcoin transactions account for more energy than used some small countries. facilitating widespread use blockchain solutions, including those provided baas will require massive amounts energy. recently the quebec region canada, which has surplus electricity, refused the request various cryptocurrency mining companies permission relocate there the grounds energy consumption. hoped that the industry will able use solutions such the use child chains overcome these problems and make blockchain completely viable alternative existing solutions. once this happens, are certain see rapid rise their implementation that will truly unleash the power the blockchain revolution. specifically, baas allows developers test and deploy their bespoke blockchain-based applications the cloud, without having maintain the network full clients themselves. the implementation the blockchain can tailored their needs and accessed via lite clients apis. impleum blockchain platform overview the impleum blockchain platform impleum powerful and versatile way create decentralized applications [dapps]. the 'dapps' utilize the ability decentralization the blockchain innovation technology and are accompanied layer ground-breaking nodes route data. integration the blockchain the deployment the network node and setting its connection with the dapp through documented api dapps based the impleum blockchain platform are interrelated and constitute open ecosystem. impleum widely dispersed system, which why indestructible. the cryptographic encryption the system keeps the user's information encrypted and safe. leveraging impleum's masternodes, developers can easily create dapps that are highly secure and scalable. the core impleum platform object-oriented programming language backed huge developer community. impleum's coin [impl] impleum has not only introduced dapp building platform but also has launched its own coin named impl. the coin stands the shorter name 'impleum'. impl has its own set unique technical parameters. the coin hybrid combination pow and pos. impl coin donation cross-platform wallets impleum highlights the usage its accessible wallets through guis [graphical user interfaces]. this available across all major operating systems such windows, macos, and linux. wallet set-up finished time, while the encryption funds maintained with high scale security. the wallets are advanced enough let the user stake impl coins for greater rewards over time. for technical clients, more specialized cli [charge line interface] wallets are offered. integration blockchain impleum main chain now has the impl currency which has the potential the future hub for all side chains. impleum enables organizations effectively deploy their own particular altered blockchains without the overheads inheritance running their own particular blockchain arranged framework. side chains will store all the data the created dapp, scaling effortlessly tandem with the new developing venture. mining opportunities impleum hybrid coin, which based proof-of-stake [pos] and proof-of-work [pow]. proof-of-stake mechanism that allows the network affirm transactions and prevent fraud counteract extortion. however, does not require any asset-intensive calculations figurings carried. the only thing required impl coins the user's account balance, while the impl wallet associated with the network and the system. intermittently, the balance will experience increment new coins are granted the user loyalty. impleum's proof-of-work mining the process making computer hardware such cpu and gpu carry out mathematical calculations for the impleum network. this required order affirm transactions and trigger increment security. mining algorithm reward for their administrations, impleum miners can collect transaction fees for the transactions they affirm, along with newly created impl. pow block reward directly decreases the reward pow block from imp impl. mining specific and aggressive market where the prizes are separated per how much calculation accomplished. the block the last pow block was found. from block impleum becomes pure pos coin. impleum masternodes impleum masternodes are pcs that are continually associated with the impleum network and play out specific assignments enabling impleum accomplish faster and more private transactions. run the impleum masternode one required have specific measure imp their balance, security, and satisfy different prerequisites implied the protocol. intended create circulating coin supply for mass-market adoption, user can provide price stability needed. this gesture support will rewarded more revenue. architecture and development the impleum platform based impleum bitcoin fullnode developed over the nbitcoin library, almost complete bitcoin core port written and .net. given that the basis nbitcoin pure code and the .net platform, the development and support the system easier compared the traditional c++ bitcoin core source code. other projects was developed specifically for the cryptocurrency. but blockchain technology could adapted for use other areas. blockchain can used for much broader range assets than just cryptocurrency: tangible assets such cars, real estate and food products, well intangible assets such bonds, private equity and securities. dapps based impleum platform can use blockchain track the provenance goods minimize fraud, document tampering and double financing and etc. stages impleum development will include: development the impleum bitcoin full node fork the impleum bitcoin full node for nimpleum implement the required changes nimpleum and port elements sidechains c#. what keeps impleum highly resistant external attacks? the source code level this project conceived the interest (for staking coins the user's wallet) that involved calculating the reward for finding block proof stake (pos). staking your impleum not only secures and stabilizes the network. also rewards you with annual interest rate based the current block reward. this key difference puts the earning power your hands and not powerful mining cartels. what are the advantages impleum smart contracts over other platforms? impleum has smart contracts built native the .net framework, the most popular enterprise programming language the most widely-used enterprise framework. this makes easier integrate into existing enterprise architectures than other platforms. what impleum has offer: instant. impleum transactions are simple and efficient. private. all financial information, history and balance confidential. secure. transactions are backed across hundreds servers. staking. forget power-hungry mining rigs stake and earn interest. masternodes. service nodes that allows impleum dapps scale off-chain. low fees. impleum improves your savings with transaction fees. sidechains. this means that impl can passed and from the sidechain and the gateway through which they pass controlled federation. seamless integration blockchain solutions the software. impleum main chain currently hosts the impl currency will future hub for all sidechains. impleum side chains allow businesses easily deploy their own customised blockchains without the overheads inherent running their own blockchain network infrastructure. side chains will house all the data your dapp, scaling effortlessly tandem with your evolving project. join the open ecosystem based impleum blockchain platform now. there are several advantages building impleum the nbitcoin platform was developed pure and utilizes the microsoft .net framework, which easier maintain and develop further than the traditional c++ bitcoin core source code. one the dominant languages business application development and offers several advantages over c++. nbitcoin currently the only cross-platform alternative bitcoin implementation available. impleum will upgrade the code base .net core, microsoft's latest version .net that can run natively across even more devices. architecture the impleum bitcoin full node full node application whose goal keep track valid blocks the blockchain. essentially composed several layers: network layer this deals with which messages are exchanged between full nodes, and how. consensus layer this sets the (blockchain-wide) rules for what considered valid block. node policy layer this adds more restrictive rules than the consensus layer prevent ddos (node-wide rule). infrastructure layer governs how store and verify blocks and transactions efficiently. interface layer api for developers query the state the node, and/or user interface. while bitcoin core deals with all these layers the same source code, impleum bitcoin full node will only have deal with the node policy layer, infrastructure layer and interface layer. the consensus layer integral component the full node architecture that should ideally not modified without industry-wide consensus, since bug this layer could cause fork the blockchain and result loss funds. result this risk consensus layer should close bitcoin core possible. bitcoin core provides part the consensus code library called libconsensus. nbitcoin will used fill any gaps. simplify the transition the impleum bitcoin full node, all the rpc api endpoints available bitcoin core will provided, users and businesses will not have rewrite their software utilise the impleum bitcoin full node. impleum bitcoin full node and microsoft's .net framework impleum bitcoin full node bitcoin was originally developed satoshi nakamoto piece software that bundled together several different functionalities. what users called 'bitcoin' was the same time the protocol, the wallet, the key storage, the mining software, the infrastructure for other apps, and the full node. with all maturing technology, the bitcoin industry became more and more specialised, and the functionality once provided only bitcoin core has now been diffused among different players the industry. all-purpose piece software has now been replaced and complemented multiple specialised parties and applications. the most basic layer bitcoin which everybody depends full node. changing the code full node controversial matter, the consequences impact virtually every company the ecosystem. the other hand, consensus about improvement bitcoin reached and new feature successfully implemented the full node, then the benefits ripple out across the whole industry. typical example the new op_csv and segregated witness improvement that will allow the development off-chain payments, which will permit bitcoin scale currency. present, the most popular bitcoin node called bitcoin core and developed c++. the bitcoin core team group highly skilled developers who generally adopt very conservative approach accepting improvements. one the reasons for this that full node such critical component for bitcoin that any new features require extensive reviews and testing. contributors bitcoin core generally work for free, and their review time valuable but limited. believe that one way allow improvements implemented faster develop full node instead c++. highly skilled c++ engineers are short supply the corporate world, which tends prefer higher-level languages like java. higher-level languages are also easier review and learn, and harder make coding mistakes. such, propose that the impleum bitcoin full node will based the nbitcoin framework, which the most complete and portable library for developing blockchain applications and platforms and microsofts .net. security analysis proof-of-stake protocol proof stake's security has proven itself over years testing. advances this technology impleum's proof-of-stake have solved the issues faced with coin-age, block reward and blockchain pre-computation the protocol robust and keeps nodes connected the network disincentives inactive nodes. this paper will highlight and outline the advantages and perform security analysis the system. also outline ideas here impleum potentially increase security further. introduction cryptography has managed change the way finance and money defined. recently the advent bitcoin has showed how peer-to-peer network can prevent forgery solving the "byzantine generals problem" since then many different coins have been created based bitcoin's open source code. there are two major methods for generating new funds the network. the first "proof work" and the second being "proof stake" the theory behind proof work hold mathematical competition. the first computer solve the puzzle receives the coins. this makes distribution coins completely fair process. however, this also creates problem wasted energy. computers order compete, create and arms race hardware. thus, money and energy wasted generate new coins. proof stake competition between shareholders, where based connectivity the network and random chance, you can receive new coins. interest generated based how much you hold. this solves the energy waste problem bitcoin and introduces new challenges network security. here impleum, would like write technical analysis the advantages this protocol and honor our predecessors, discuss potential improvements and pitfalls. proof stake was first implemented "peercoin". later, major breakthroughs proof stake were made impleum namely, "proof stake and "proof stake have implemented the proof stake system because believe the worlds most secure and efficient method coin generation. will outline and highlight the great security this system and the technical problem solved. ii. security, coinage and attacks the whole purpose holding competitions for coins avoid attacks confirmation transactions honor given the winner block. however, this system can gamed, then flawed. proof stake you first prove you have access coins and from that point you can compete win blocks randomly. the more people competing the more secure the block. coin age the idea that the longer you hold coins the higher the probability you can win block. it's original intention was incentive dormant holders coins. however, this does not encourage node stay connected the network practice since they can wait for the reward increase. also, shareholders can disconnect from the network for long periods time, then reconnect and win enough blocks risk attack the network. the time calculation will effect payouts discouraging connectivity. also, the fewer the nodes that are connected, the easier gain majority the blocks forging consensus. also, stakes can computed advance make the attack more effective. timestamps are used proof stake get general idea time. drift calculations are used prevent forging erroneous timestamps. proof work difficulty increase decrease made depending how quickly block was produced. however, precautionary method prevent any sort timing attacks proof stake coins use centralized checkpoints. iii. all problems have solution coin age coin age calculated the weight unspent coin and the time they have been dormant the calculation simply proofhash testregistration ignored mainnet wallets) bytes length registration header bytes server masternode (base representationof the collateral address, right padded with spaces less than characters long) bytes ipv address masternodes, one byte per octet. use for empty address. this field not used for the impleum privacy protocol; placeholder for future functionality bytes ipv address masternodes, one byte per octet. use for empty address. this field not used for the priimpleumvat privacy protocol; placeholder for future functionality bytes masternodes server url, curreltly this ascii onion address hostname without any prefix suffix. empty address signified but leaving this empty not valid for the current impleum privacy protocol implementation bytes tcp port masternodes may ignored client implementation bytes rsa signature length bytes bytes rsa signature proving ownership the impleum privacy protocol server's private key bytes ecdsa signature length bytes bytes ecdsa signature made with the privatu key address used the server id. this same address where the collateral will need located bytes hash impleum privacy protocol server's configuration file. this may moved into the header the next version the protocol ... ... the protocol format can extended the future accommodate new functionality. new fields should attempt far possible retain backward compatibility with the existing fields connection with the impleum privacy protocol server client, the public key the server will verified the client ensure that the server authentic and possession the registered keys. the privacy protocol then followed normal. collateral verification for the impleum privacy protocol function well, the creation numerous insufficiently powerful masternode servers must disincentive. therefore, consensus rules that govern the validity masternode need established and enforced participating client nodes. impleum masternode requires impleum coins (impl) regarded compliant. these coins should kept single address, and should not moved once the funding transaction performed. receipt each new block, the non-masternodes will check each transaction for those that affect currently tracked masternode server. funds have been moved out the address, the calculated balance decreased. funds come in, the calculated balance increases. once the balance has been computed for masternode, its registration automatically deleted falls below the impleum coins (impl) threshold. therefore not recommended that significant transactional activity performed with the collateral funds, avoid inadvertently invalidating registrations. the above diagram illustrates basic scenarios for masternode's registration sequence. node has made sufficient funding transaction within the window period, and such its collateral regarded compliant. node was initially compliant after the window period, but later removed some funds from the address, and therefore longer has sufficient collateral. node made two transfers that when aggregated form sufficient collateral the target address. this valid, but non-standard method performing the funding. node took too long for the funding transaction performed (it was outside the window period), and therefore regarded non-compliant terms its collateral obligation. the collateral verification functionality has also already been implemented into the impleum software offering. future improvements inter-node discovery protocol drawback the approach outlined this paper that every node has download the entire blockchain from the genesis block onwards order accurately determine collateral balances. more efficient for registrations accumulated full nodes, and circulated their peers (full light nodes) with sufficient proof their accuracy. the inter-node discovery protocol has already been implemented the impleum node software, but not currently used order keep the initial version simple possible. also has indirect requirement for the peer policing described the peer policing model section. improvement proposal peer policing model there are some differences between existing masternode implementations and the envisioned impleum masternode approach. briefly: dash masternodes are remunerated 'passively'. this requires that they actively pinged verifiable way the remainder the network avoid paying masternode that performs work. conversely, impleum masternode can currently only earn remuneration via active participation the impleum privacy protocol with connected clients. this removes the need directly police the masternode this sense. due the high cost top tier impleum masternode, presumed that the operator will economically incentivised positively participate the network. this similar the core tenets the proof stake consensus mechanism. there are also some aspects the dash approach that are desirable emulate, particularly the ability have the collateral 'cold' storage. the requirements for the impleum top tier masternode may summarised follows: the node operator must possession least impleum (i.e. they possess the private key move spend them). these collateral impleum must present single address. moving the impleum collateral different address invalidates any proof possession generated prior the move. these requirements need actively enforced prevent dilution the privacy protocol security model. proposed that the entities most suited perform the enforcement are the masternode's peers the impleum network. these peers may one the following: another masternode (essentially full node with additional features). 'full' node with complete copy the impleum blockchain. 'light' node that does not retain copy the entire chain, but does least retain block headers. other types nodes are outside the scope this document. the onus particular masternode advertise its services the network. this means that every node can elect whether not regard masternode registration valid, depending the information has available it. from game-theoretic perspective, advantageous for the operators 'rival' masternodes immediately present proofs non-compliance particular masternode the rest the network. additionally presumed that there advantage gained for honest node propagate registrations known invalid. example the 'lifetime' registration implementation the 'proof non-compliance' concept follows: operator configures masternode, which generates masternode registration startup. node operator moves sufficient collateral into address (the 'funding transaction'). this needs done within finite window period after the registration transaction made. registration broadcast transaction peer nodes for inclusion into the impleum blockchain block the registration cached each peer node. nodes that join the network after block need not download the entire chain receive registration they can receive lists verified historical registrations communicating with their peers (inter-node discovery protocol). light nodes can validate registrations for themselves evaluating the merkle proof the registration against their locally downloaded block header storage. all full nodes the network can directly evaluate the balance available address any time. therefore, transpires that spurious masternode registration has been broadcast (which may happen) the full nodes will not forward that registration new peers. peers that attempt send known-invalid registrations will receive proof non-compliance response. the status quo persists for period time without any changes that affect masternode registration validity. the masternode operator moves portion the funds from address elsewhere, i.e. they are now below the collateral requirement. all nodes that download blocks will immediately able tell that the balance has changed, although light node may not know what the actual balance is. full nodes know (or can calculate) what the balance is, and can construct proof thereof showing that the masternode longer compliant. the non-compliance proof will broadcast between nodes. this could done pre-emptively (i.e. broadcast proof all known peers immediately), could done passively response receiving invalid registration from peer. high level, the proof insufficient funds will consist the following elements: copy the 'funding transaction' for the masternode. this defined more detail the funding transaction the registration record itself (in its entirety, the peer may not have downloaded yet). least one complete transaction with the funding transaction included one more its inputs i.e. showing that collateral funds have been moved/spent. the net result the movement transactions must that the balance the collateral address engaged the development web services and mobile applications since participated the development and launch more than start-ups. references bitcoin whitepaper https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf ethereum whitepaper https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/white-paper https://www.gov.uk/government/news/distributed-ledger-technology-beyond-block-ch ain http://money.cnn.com////technology/bitcoin--billion-invested/ http://www.ft.com/cms/s//ebf-bb-e-afe-bfb.html#axzztuq https://research.tabbgroup.com/report/v--blockchain-clearing-and-settlement-cr ossing-chasm the most complete bitcoin port (part crypto), http://www.codeproject.com/articles//nbitcoin-the-most-complete-bitcoin-por t-part-crypt nbitcoin indexer: scalable and fault tolerant block chain indexer, http://www.codeproject.com/articles//nbitcoin-indexer-a-scalable-and-fault-tol erant-blo see programming the blockchain c#, https://www.gitbook.com/book/programmingblockchain/programmingblockchain/details blockstream elements https://blockstream.com/sidechains.pdf https://www.jbs.cam.ac.uk/faculty-research/centres/alternative-finance/publications/gl obal-blockchain/#.wmszrptypo https://elementsproject.org/ https://stratisplatform.com/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blockchain https://www.i-scoop.eu/blockchain-distributed-ledger-technology/ https://www.jupiterresearch.com/press/%press-releases/-in-large-corporations-c onsidering-blockchain https://blackcoin.org/