indinode white paper updated june (indinode) abstract indinode (xind) community-focused, privacy-based coin that driven maintain sustainable growth, development, and fair practices within the masternode coin space. indinode self-funded, self-governed, private, instant, and secure cryptocurrency. indinode uses the best practices, features, and ideas from dash, pivx, and zerocoin. coinsnow.in one the first altcoin exchanges india and thailand. offers easy buy altcoin solution for customers from india and thailand. indinode and coinsnow will the future backbone the new indi-exchange (non-fiat) (http://coinsnow.in). the state cryptocurrency india india late entrant and adopter cryptocurrency the world due strict foreign exchange remittance rules and allowable overseas investments policies. for instance, government policies have restricted foreign exchange trading; hence, has always been difficult for indians trade international financial instruments. thus, during the erstwhile bull runs btc, which picked pace china, indians missed the opportunity due restricted foreign exchange and remittance rules for transferring funds overseas bitcoin exchanges. additionally, saw chill sent into the indian cryptocurrency market due tightening regulations and ambiguity within policies. this was exampled april when the reserve bank india (rbi), the country's central bank, initiated major crackdown the purchase and trading cryptocurrencies india. from its peak units per day toward the end cryptocurrency trade india had declined almost the first quarter the year. since the majority market participants india are crypto buyers, india exchanges have struggled provide liquid order book their users. despite these shortcomings, india mammoth market for cryptocurrency, and with more telecom and internet penetration, crypto users and adapters india are growing healthy pace. regulators worldwide have struggled understand the underlying blockchain technology well how develop appropriate response it; india was exception. result, these misgivings have affected the financial services community who find difficult make their mind about supporting cryptocurrencies. overcome the stumbling block the fiat market india, indinode will only operate non-fiat markets and will create eco-system where one can earn crypto coins holding indinode masternodes and use indinode indinode exchange buy other crypto coins. this will create unique point entrance into the crypto market for sub-continent investors. introduction indinode will released july and will the first asset platform coin based pivx/masternode for the indian market. indinode asset and payment platform which financially rewards individuals who actively protect and create the indinode network. indinode masternode owners operate distributed servers that remain online and perform across the globe ensure that indinode transactions are executed instantly, privately, and safely for all upcoming indinode payment services. unlike bitcoin where miners voluntarily support the network long their equipment performant and profitable, where changes the code are complicated, and where risky processes between parties who not always agree are present, indinode paid masternode layer, i.e., derivative from dash/pivx. this means that indinode can scale more efficiently and deploy services more quickly than other single layer blockchains. furthermore, the indinode network rewards masternode owners frequently. thus, having entire incentivized distributed network servers, each holding full copy the blockchain and working for indinode worldwide, ensures that the performance advanced features like privatepay and instasent are guaranteed. indinode the market coin the future; cryptocurrency exchange named indi exchange. indinode coins will eligible for staking and earning based the exchange revenue, almost like the bnb token from binance the crypto bridge coin. the indi exchange platform will have integrated exchange that allows users trade cryptocurrencies and seamless trading pairs will managed the back-end the exchange. with the main focus being the emerging cryptocurrency market india, new tokens and trading pairs will continuously added accordance with the community's preferences. indi exchange will implemented jurisdictions where has the most favorable environment operate and where its assets/stakeholders' interests are most protected. this will accomplished using clear regulatory framework and the active implementation strict law compliance and regulations. indinode masternode's owner will receive from all profits from exchange operations and payment will done xind, proportional between owners. additionally, masternode owners are gold level customers with fast track support and other incentives. revenue model exchange fee indinode will charge fixed fee per trade. margin fee margin services will have associated costs. listing fee will have listing fees certain cases. withdrawal fee withdrawal fee will charged depending the coin token. indinode pair crypto coins will paired against btc and xind. indinode specifications specification description ticker xind algorithm quark rpc port asic mining pos block time seconds difficulty adjustment algorithm pos max block size mined/mintedmaturity blocks minutes) block confirmation times seconds instantx swifttx privacy zerocoin protocol reward distribution circulating coins after months: ... coins circulating coins after months: ... coins inflation after years: ca. premine mil coins. mil, ca, the circulation after months funds: -months auctioning masternode collateral: xind blocks distribution (ramp-up phase) pos xind) block reward (gold rush phase) xind) pos xind) block reward (maturity phase) xind) pos xind) block reward (quality phase) xind) pos xind) block reward -infinite (persistent phase) xind) pos xind) block reward proof stake reward distribution the proof stake consensus mechanism energy efficient method securing the network that allows coin holders participate and get rewarded for staking their coins. pos rewarded for creating the new block. one factor the algorithm choose the winner based the weight defined the coin age and amount. for our purposes, coin age simply means how long the coin(s) have been held the user's wallet. reset zero after getting the reward. masternodes masternode full node computer wallet that keeps the full copy the blockchain real-time. indinode has implemented the following masternode features xind: privacy increase through the zerocoin protocol instant transactions using swifttx governance and voting budgeting and treasury securing exchange transactions indinode masternodes are not standalone. rather, they are constant communication with other indinode masternodes create the decentralized network that indinode aims create. masternodes are computers that run indinode wallet and make decisions such locking transactions with swifttx, coordinating obfuscation coins, and voting budget funding. there are many ways set masternode and examples include you choosing run your own computer using vps (virtual private server). naturally, there are few requirements run masternode: masternodes are required have xind collateral vps server active and connected node super fast indinode blockchain optimized for fast transactions high capacity. the existing second block time already very fast, but using swifttx, indinode transactions are instant with zero confirmation wait time. swifttx transactions are confirmed and spendable within seconds; these funds are guaranteed the indinode network masternodes. this means that there need wait for multiple confirmations, normally expected, validate the transaction. usability indinode aims widely used cryptocurrency india via partnerships with online retailers and vendors, thus, revolutionizing trading the indian market. roadmap future coin development includes establishing indiexchange, exchange service for cryptocurrency, and decentralized indi-marketplace integration for goods and services with ease use and instant transactions. privacy private and secure, indinode aims establish itself one the leading anonymous crypto-currencies available the market. zerocoin protocol provides full privacy our users. our implementation the zerocoin protocol converts your publicly available transaction details into anonymous ones. for example, when user wishes spend funds, they appear new coin without spending history origin. secure indinode built bitcoin core ..x with some v.. updates and dash pivx core v.. bip encryption/decryption private keys. the integrated platform technology seeks provide users with: multi-sig escrow multi-sig signatures for full escrow functionality in-wallet user interface for easy management the multi-sig function self-service markets decentralized and secure bounty markets user-created and operated bounty services auto-escrow release user-set fee and vendor bond amount familiar operations encryption encryption messaging sure-spot style messaging end-to-end encryption self-destructing messages private group chats conclusion and summary the indinode team one that dedicated privacy and security. through our implementation various features, believe that have the solution scalable, private, decentralized, secure, and fair cryptocurrency. the newest iteration indinode xind, have taken the best features various cryptocurrencies and refined them reach our goals. the inclusion masternodes has enabled increase user privacy, provide instant transactions, and increased fairness allowing governance and voting. additionally, the inclusion masternodes has created treasury and budgeting system for future development. sporks now allow safely upgrade the system controlled manner reduce accidental forking and provide safer environment for masternodes, users, and holders xind. roadmap indinode network release indinode masternode network launched and made available for public listing least exchanges android wallets release android mobile wallets available for download with focus ease use for first time cryptocurrency users q/q indi-exchange launch establishing indiexchange, cryptocurrency exchange focused the indian market q/q indi-marketplace launch creation decentralized marketplace for goods and services the indian market disclaimer this document currently considered draft, and while make every effort ensure that any material herein accurate and date, may not exhaustive. the document contains forward-looking statements and likely subject further changes without notice. xind coins are not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction, and you may not acquire any against any law(s) the jurisdiction that you are subject. this document not meant for investment advice nor does imply any elements contractual relationship. more thorough disclaimer will published later version this document, but doubt, please seek professional legal advice.