white paper version august https://indorse.io by: gaurang torvekar david moskowitz this white paper states the current views indorse pte. ltd. concerning the indorse platform and related matters. indorse pte. ltd. may from time time revise this white paper any respect without notice. the information presented this white paper indicative only and not legally binding indorse pte. ltd. any other party. this document for informational purposes only and does not constitute and not intended offer sell, solicitation offer buy, recommendation of: (i) indorse tokens, (ii) investment the indorse platform any project property indorse pte. ltd., (iii) shares other securities indorse pte. ltd. any affiliated associated company any jurisdiction. please read the important legal disclaimers the end this white paper. table contents executive summary chapter overview the indorse project taking ownership your data the advent skills economy enabling crowd economics growing the cryptocurrency ecosystem how are solving this? why ethereum? chapter platform model core features example from member's perspective example personal claim what happens members who indorse 'wrongly'? how members receive indorse score? core components advertising different forms the indorse dapp anonymous indorsement protocol (aip) chapter token model alignment incentives tradeable token: internal accounting token: considerations indorse score (scr) accounting token converting indorse rewards into ind tokens vesting periods indorse rewards ind token conversion pooled tokens advertising revenue with ind tokens talent acquisition revenue with ind tokens ind inflation pooled tokens chapter use cases companies looking hire please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. kyc oracle for prediction markets advertising freelance services chapter development roadmap challenges chapter token sale initial token sale ind summary post token sale holding the funds chapter core team and advisors core team advisors strategic advisors investors chapter funding usage breakdown chapter legal implications/ risks disclaimer appendix please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. executive summary 'indorse' revolutionary platform using new models tokenization and decentralization change the shape professional social networking. unlike traditional platforms, aim give back ownership the data the member, and reward them for sharing their skills and using the platform. indorse uses internal rewards (indorse rewards) and reputation system (indorse score) incentivize members add their skills accomplishments and indorse those others. through participation the platform, members are able earn indorse rewards for sharing more about themselves and for indorsing the claims others. advertisers turn purchase space the platform with cryptographic indorse tokens ind tokens portion these ind tokens are shared with the members who created the content. nutshell, members are finally able receive rewards due their data, instead watching passively the revenue goes companies holding their data. envision serverless, decentralized future, where the members will build their profiles and benefit from their reputation. this future will need decentralized platform where others can judge the quality person's profile not just where they have gone school, but what they have actually done their professional and personal lives. indorse being developed the team indorse pte. ltd., blockchain company based singapore. the founders indorse pte. ltd. are cto gaurang torvekar and ceo david moskowitz. gaurang the co-organiser the ethereum singapore meetup, while david the co-organiser the bitcoin singapore meetup. david founded bitcoin brokerage which serviced hundreds clients singapore. david successfully exited that business gaurang and david are also the founders attores pte. ltd. attores company also based singapore but focused simplifying the creation, deployment and execution smart contracts blockchains. although their experience with ethereum goes back before they founded attores, they formally began working ethereum applications january releasing open source code for swaps and forward contracts for exchanging digital assets. attores currently has pilot with polytechnic college singapore for their digital certificate issuance platform along with installation ethereum blockchain campus. please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. this white paper outlines the motivation behind the platform, the internal mechanisms and the roadmap for the development process. our vision build the infrastructure which gives every member avenue showcase their personal profiles, which could ultimately extend several other projects. believe indorse might become the ultimate reputation system which can the backbone generations future dapps. join this ambitious project! please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. chapter overview the indorse project taking ownership your data "if you're not paying for it, you're the product" unknown social networks have proliferated over the last several years. they have become integral part our lives, the point where they can control our actions how behave, evidenced facebook's experiment with the emotions its members []. this but one example how technology has become double-edged sword. issues about personal privacy, data protection and ownership information have surfaced, rightfully, over increased flows information. these issues regarding ownership personal information and commercialisation such information must fixed once and for all. this our core focus. the average social media user might not realise it, but social networks have value. metcalfe's law states that the value network proportional the square the number its users. our information and interactions build profile ourselves, and our inclinations and ability spend become valuable advertisers. one obvious manifestation this the usd billion that snapchat raised during its ipo despite its loss-generating revenue model. the million active members (and growing) that network represented value that could tapped advertising []. fact, google and amazon, some the most ubiquitous internet platforms that use every day, were the earliest tap into the information members their platforms. feel that the root cause the problem that plagues social networks the current model centralisation. centralisation gives rise three problems: call them the economic problem, the autonomy problem and the trust problem. the economic problem. social networks are public goods that contribute significantly the well-being members when they are provided (we can attest social media being huge part our lives) but are impossible charge for use. ordinarily, this would result market failure, corporation would want provide platform for free, and society would accordingly incur significant welfare losses. such, providers social networks have turned advertising revenue stream, doing requiring members assign rights their content and information the provider and selling them advertisers and recruiters. sense, social media not please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. "free" for use, being paid for micro-incursions privacy and future revenue from the information produced members. feel the current model inequitable members should able reap the rewards the information they produce; believe that free use and equitable reward distribution are not inconsistent concepts. the autonomy problem. the centralised nature social media today means that the platform almost entirely controlled the platform providers, with members having limited say over the direction the platform. find unsettling that platform providers have almost unlimited licence; opens the door potential abuses. fact, the aforementioned experiment facebook influence emotions felt members just goes show how much control members have over something central their daily lives. feel that user communities should determine the course of, and contribute to, the platform, and doing take ownership platform that uniquely theirs. the trust problem. closely linked the autonomy problem, the trust problem the result the concentration power the hands the platform providers. although are inclined believe that the developers are responsible and committed individuals who act accordance with the terms use (i.e., they the right thing), the potential for abuse remains. for instance, facebook's moderators censored photograph depicting the atrocities the vietnam war because contained nudity, and doing, missed the point about the photograph's intention []. our platform deals with personal information and the authenticity such information, important that one centralised body has power determine such facts without oversight. the real world implications would unfathomable. clear, are not against advertising, and are most certainly not against social media. however, are against the centralisation social media. believe the solution new model social networks decentralised one that places ownership information back the hands the members. the advent skills economy where used the case that qualification was valuable representation the knowledge acquired during the period study, this longer true. today, information shifts occur with increasing frequency and rapidity. what learnt school could become obsolete very quickly, and not uncommon find individuals employed positions with little relation what they had studied college. some these may have been the result consolidation various jobs, each different scope; other positions may not have existed before. the idea please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. school institution for the imparting knowledge cannot account for these trends the workforce. have also witnessed the commodification education. while used the case that higher education was the exclusive domain few the past, today higher education has seen rapid increase the number students, result push make good education (and better jobs) more accessible everyone. institutes higher education have proliferated, and technology has made possible earn higher qualification without being physically enrolled school. singapore, the government has announced the goal increasing the higher education participation rate each student cohort []. some students are lamenting their bleak employment prospects upon leaving school []. elsewhere countries like china, india and south korea, graduates are spilling out higher education institutes record numbers, but many are unable find jobs after graduation []. the numbers game longer works out favour the many university graduates who are chasing ever smaller pool jobs. what then the value qualifications, not representations knowledge scarcity? believe that qualifications are representations skills acquired. this age constant influx information and knowledge, the only constant change. that, and deep skills which allow ride the changes. the right skills allow adapt situational and information changes quickly and flexibly; they are our means navigating this increasingly complex world. seems the academics and governments are not that far off their claims our economy the skills economy. enabling crowd economics believe that new economic models are being enabled with technologies like ethereum. with these advances, can enable millions previously excluded people participate the next wave economic change. unlike past cycles where only those who owned the assets could profit from their usage, the new decentralized model, millions and perhaps billions people can now direct economic beneficiaries the businesses they are consumers of. economic beneficiaries, users are also more likely utilize the service and tell others about it. this creates virtuous cycle growth and opportunity for all. growing the cryptographic token ecosystem throughout the eventful history the cryptographic token market has been rather difficult for new users enter and access their first tokens. typically, users must register exchanges, please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. clear kyc hurdles and transfer money from their bank accounts the exchanges. this often met with difficulties banks have not been the most supportive institutions the decentralization revolution. allowing members easy way earn rewards for the activities that benefit them, are lowering the barriers entry into the cryptographic token ecosystem and enabling billion new people become holders and users cryptographic tokens. how are solving this? indorse attempt give back ownership data members. platform which not only fun, but also rewarding the contributors the content. here, the value the content accrued the members who create it. will also design in-built mechanisms and integrations with other applications like uport minimise the damage caused sybil attacks. will also have in-platform token system where honest contributors will rewarded for their contributions while persons who make the wrong indorsements will penalised. the members own their identity the platform the crowd economy not only about sharing assets, it's about the crowd owning, sharing and profiting from those assets which they fund, build and use. are giving professionals, and for that matter anyone, avenue put their documents and have choice whether advertise their personal information, with full control over their data. what's more, instead relying central authority like notary university "attest" that you indeed hold such academic credentials, are giving that power back the public! clear, validation not strict attestation the factual accuracy the claim. validated claim can taken true, balance probabilities, verified the indorsement process the platform. would ideal achieve confidence the factual accuracy the claim, but very often don't require confidence. most the time, "good enough" works out fine. this our aim give any credential certain degree validity and vote confidence, one that good enough standard used for most things life. this platform can likened combination decentralized linkedin and instagram, but with "verified" claims and indorsements. has mechanisms reward good actors and penalise bad ones. please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. why ethereum? the platform needs network effect succeed. while existing social networks like facebook and linkedin have bootstrapped the growth their networks, new technologies like blockchain have put better position kickstart these kinds networks. see this unique opportunity tap the existing blockchain communities order create network begin with and incentivize the supporters themselves use it. among blockchains, ethereum provides the much needed transparency needed for crowd economy succeed and incentivize its own growth. hence are using ethereum our compute engine, while using the inter planetary file system ipfs the storage mechanism. while the ethereum community relatively young, one the fastest growing, and shows signs slowing down. today, there growing base developers using ethereum, with estimated developers working various projects related the ethereum protocol, any whom can write smart contracts and decentralised applications that run the ethereum virtual machine. there are hundreds decentralised applications that have been created are the pipelines [], and these are only the ones know of. date, other blockchain protocol, not even the market leader bitcoin, has this level interactivity with the core blockchain protocol. fact, ethereum has already surpassed bitcoin its own way: there are now more developers and nodes ethereum than there are bitcoin []. the nature ethereum makes natural fit for the project that want create. envision indorse decentralised and transparent, with its own ecosystem dapps that feed into and rely the platform for information. for that, are building indorse this future proof platform. please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. chapter platform model core features the core features the indorse platform will implemented through the combination few technologies, which include ethereum, ipfs/swarm, and whisper. envision the indorse platform have serverless, decentralized architecture, with the content and code ipfs, and the ethereum blockchain the computational engine. each member can take part through two main roles the platform claimant moderator the entire process flow starts with claimant making "claim" associated with his profile. "claim" can either that professional information skill (forming the core part your profile) personal skill. with every claim made, the claimant needs attach one more proof(s) information. the moderators verify the claims separate from the blockchain and either indorse flag it. are using mechanism similar proof stake, called indorse score wherein every claimant moderator will stake his reputation either the claim indorsement. their claim gets approved [or their indorsement supported other users] their reputation will increase, otherwise, will decrease. example from member's perspective alice joins the indorse network. upon registration, she issued minimum indorse score (scr token) that will enable her post single claim her profile. she starts creating her unique profile identity, and then adds claim. she claims that she graduated from ngee ann polytechnic with specialist diploma network systems. she provides link the ngee ann polytechnic verification page for her certificate information. she submits the claim with that and her indorse score locked. the indorse platform randomly chooses number other members who can indorse the claim, and the claim enters the gestation period. please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. bob indorse member who chosen indorse the claim. receives notification and sees that alice has placed link the verification page for her certificate. verifies that the claim valid and indorses the claim, locking his indorse score. the gestation period ends with consensus indorsements. alice's indorse score increased for making valid claim. she also rewarded with indorse rewards. bob also has his indorse score increased and receives indorse reward. alice's indorse rewards are automatically converted ind tokens paid the platform for advertising and other services the platform which were obtained business customers for the period. please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. *this example for illustration purposes only. the amounts tokens and exchange rates may subject change upon final launch the platform and time conversions. note: buc indorse rewards please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. example personal claim apart from claiming educational credentials job experiences, member can also claim additional skills that can make his profile well-rounded. for instance, member can claim that can code javascript, and put his github repository proof. the moderators can there, verify and thereby indorse flag the claim. market forces will regulate the indorsement claims such kind. members are staking their indorse score when indorsing, they would need reasonably confident their ability determine the factual validity claims. other words, members will reluctant participate the indorsing process the claim too subjective they are scared reducing their indorse score. suppose someone claims can bake tasty cake", then there way which the indorsers can find out that particular cake was indeed tasty (short meeting the person and actually eating the cake). for such highly subjective claims, not only will the indorser unable determine the factual validity the claim, but also that other indorsers are similarly unable so. game theory would suggest that continuing indorse such claim would result random outcome where indorsers are not all sure that their score would increase, and such each indorser would, independently, choose not indorse the claim. the collective end result will that indorser will indorse the claim, and the claim will unindorsed. hence, think indorsers will shy away from such claims, which will turn discourage people from submitting claims which are too subjective. (we might give option for members keep "unverified" claims their profiles. these claims won't add any indorse score give them any indorse rewards though. but they can used for advertising). what happens members who indorse 'wrongly'? member the platform, claimant moderator, keeps indorsing against the majority, either way making frivolous claims indorsing flagging dishonest way, their indorse score will reduced, until reaches minimum score the platform. this member will only eligible earn back his indorse score making 'correct' indorsements, beginning one time, for period time. please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. how members receive indorse score? the early supporters the token sale for ind tokens will receive scr tokens along with ind tokens. new members the platform will also start with minimum indorse score, which allows them indorse only one claim time. the members have some work and contribute the platform earn both higher indorse score and indorse rewards. core components the platform will integrated with the following third-party (d)apps indorse indorse will building deployment engine for profiles and content, tying them back the tokens and ethereum smart contracts. attores certificate issuance (ci) platform attores has been working for more than year the certificate issuance platform, wherein university institution can issue their degrees diplomas directly the blockchain the form smart contract. attores plans open source this code and use that one the core modules the indorse platform. ipfs ipfs, which like decentralized dropbox, going form the core the indorse platform. most the content, including documents, claims, updates profiles and indorsements are going stored there. with the advent systems like filecoin, users ipfs get one more chance earn revenue from their content storage space. this ultimately going help the proliferation the ecosystem whole. uport uport self-sovereign identity system that allows people identify themselves and authenticate both and off the blockchain. the indorse platform will integrated with uport that the identity the member the platform corresponds with his real identity. uport also useful for signing the blockchain transactions directly from mobile phone. truffle truffle development environment for ethereum smart contracts, which includes smart contract compilation, linking, deployment and binary management. this the current state the art for the ethereum blockchain. are going use truffle write the smart contracts and integrate that with the front-end the application. spectrum spectrum all-in-one wallet system for ethereum currently under development digix. the indorse platform will integrate with that since provides ease use for the end users and makes their life much simpler, while also providing security for the platform developers. status status open source messaging platform and mobile interface interact with decentralized applications that run the ethereum network. also plan please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. integrate status one the releases that there can in-platform chatting, all the blockchain. while the aim the team behind indorse create completely serverless, decentralized architecture, the actual development needs the application divided into several tiers nonetheless namely, the service layer, the api layer and the app layer. having said that, it's important note that since the code for the service layer going open source, any party apps can always directly interface with the service layer smart contracts take advantage the distributed nature the blockchain. the description each those layers below service layer this layer will contain the core logic the platform, which will include suite smart contracts and the indexing system for the file system, ipfs. this more logical layer the platform, and will interfacing with the api layer order speak with the app layer. api layer this layer will consist the nodejs express application, the backend the system, which will act more like api that the other front end web apps mobile apps party apps can access the information from the indorse platform. since some the data needs please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. persisted order allow for efficient execution, without spending too much gas, will persisting this data mongodb database. app layer this layer will consist the reactjs web application the poc phase. later, may want develop mobile app well using any the technologies like react native even native android and ios apps. also plan leverage the mobile ethereum built status order provide decentralized version the platform mobile phones. other party apps can also leverage the api indorse the future order leverage the full-fledged reputation and profiling system that are building. advertising another integral feature the platform will advertising. advertisement placement and impressions will bought advertising agencies and marketing agencies certain fixed rates. will follow model similar google adwords, but with the difference that portion the cryptographic tokens paid for advertising the platform goes back the users the platform! more details about how this mechanism works are discussed the next section. different forms the indorse dapp while the indorse dapp will the form web application the beginning, will also releasing mobile app subsequently part the development milestones. you can find more information about this the subsequent sections. anonymous indorsement protocol (aip) when member makes claim, will have two options for indorsements either choose random indorsements get his claim verified from influencer the platform. the latter case, the member will have pay using either his scr tokens indorse rewards. chooses the option getting random indorsements, the indorse platform will choose random indorsers based the degrees separation from the member. our protocol for choosing the random indorsers from the platform and keeping the indorsements anonymous inspired from the research paper written patrick mccorry et. al. and the random datasource ethereum developed oraclize []. the aip protocol has two phases phase choosing random set indorsers phase managing the anonymous indorsement process please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. the first phase, the platform will choose random indorsers from the indorse platform using the following steps. selection the random indorsers will done through the service layer the platform, accessing the member profiles from the indexed dataset from ipfs. will follow these steps step set indorsement program find out the most active members from the claimant's first and second degree separated set contacts. find the members who are most likely "similar" the claimant's profile 'clustering' and 'classification' techniques. set the minimum threshold get random sample from this set members indorse the claim send requests these members for indorsements step indorsers will register their interest and deposit their scr tokens escrow smart contract. during registration, every indorser broadcasts their indorsing key and (non-interactive) zero-knowledge proof zkp step case the threshold not met this case, most the indorsers have confirmed that the claim valid. since, high value like safe assume that the remaining indorsers with m() are behaving malicious way, and they would penalised, thus forfeiting their deposit. case claim unindorsed iff m() this case, most the indorsers have confirmed upon reflection that the claim invalid. since high value, again safe assume that the remaining indorsers with m() are behaving malicious way, and they would penalised, thus forfeiting their deposit. the entire process can divided into roughly five stages stage first set requests out stage minimum threshold not met, second set requests goes out stage registration period for indorsers stage actual indorsements start. stage computation the consensus threshold and publishing the results please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. chapter token model alignment incentives order create reward mechanism that fairly distributes ownership and aligns the incentives all parties, the platform has tradeable token and internal accounting token (based the erc interface): (a) indorse token (ind) [tradeable] (b) indorse score (scr) [accounting reputation] the purpose role each these tokens are follows: tradeable token: ind token: the ind token the token that will issued during the token sale. token sale purchasers will also receive indorse score (scr) tokens addition their ind tokens, once the platform released the mainnet. this will enable them indorse the profile postings members the platform. this way, the ind token holders have vested interest participating the platform and indorsing viable claims. the ind token will the required payment method for buying advertising space the platform, advertisers will need purchase ind tokens (such through exchange) order avail advertising units the platform. internal accounting token: this token will for the most part not known 'token' the member. present here that the community can understand the mechanics the system and how are using them for the transparency the network. scr token: scr tokens (indorse score) are tokens that are required post updates the member profile, indorse and flag claims. scr tokens are denominated whole units (no decimals) and are non-transferrable between members. member may gain lose scr tokens result his interactions with the platform, expounded upon elsewhere this paper. however, there minimum scr token threshold built into the platform. the amount scr tokens that member may hold his wallet can never fall below scr token the minimum required act indorser. much aim encourage constructive participation the please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. platform, and discourage misuse the platform, would not wish exclude anyone from using the platform. special note please note, the earlier versions there was additional internal token: indorse buck (buc). however, based the community feedback, has been decided not make the buc token. buc (now called indorse rewards) will internal point based system and will external the blockchain. considerations indorse score (scr) accounting token scr tokens are primarily accounting tokens, and mentioned earlier, majority members will not aware that they are tokens. they will not exchangeable between members and never leave the platform. they are used keep track the reputation the members. use ethereum tokens allow for element transparency would possible see the amount scr member holds, using independent platforms like etherscan. converting indorse rewards into ind tokens vesting periods after initial three month vesting period, subsequent the platform being deployed the mainnet, all the indorse rewards will accumulated and automatically converted into ind tokens based the amount ind pool from incoming advertising and the inflation mechanism (see below). the three month period both security mechanism and way reduce gaming the network. please note, indorse may choose amend the three month vesting period. indorse rewards ind token conversion pooled tokens half the ind tokens used purchase advertising credits and talent acquisition services (see discussion below) will placed into pool ind pool and the other half will put into administrator fund used pay for the operations the platform. these funds (in the form ind tokens) the ind pool will distributed for the indorse rewards created the last months with being allocated equally each the months. please note, this distribution mechanism can undergo change and when implement the platform. this indicative distribution mechanism, and indorse may choose update this please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. distribution mechanism later stage. during the conversion ind tokens (that is, after the end the entire period discussed above), the indorse rewards will 'consumed/burned'. ind tokens (representing the ind inflation tokens) will also added into the ind pool. advertising revenue with ind tokens ind tokens will the initial revenue source for the platform members. the ind token will the required payment method for buying advertising space the platform. this means advertisers will need purchase ind tokens through exchange. public exchange available, the platform administrators may accept direct sale ind tokens for ether eth for the media buy better rate than that offered the existing ind token holders. half the ind tokens from the media buys will into the ind pool and the other half will put into administrator fund used pay for the operations the platform. the eth received from direct sale ind tokens will used fund development and marketing for the platform. talent acquisition revenue with ind tokens indorse will endeavour engage talent acquisition and human resource acquisition services, from year envisaged that the relevant data provide such services will only available from year onwards. similar advertising revenue, ind tokens will the required payment method for seeking such services from the indorse platform. the ind tokens earned the indorse platform for these services will into the ind pool, which will put into administrator fund used pay for the operations the platform and the remaining will rewarded the members the manner similar that the advertising revenue. ind token inflation pooled tokens the inflation pool will begin alongside the initial three month vesting period the indorse rewards. the inflation pool will begin the initial token supply. the inflation rate will halved every twelve months until reaches .%. the year will the final year for inflation. the halving correspond increasing ind the pool from advertising buyers. please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. chapter use cases hope our platform will inspire variety use cases and integrations, leading flourishing ecosystem that adds value our members. here are some the ways which envision the platform could used. companies looking hire with large numbers graduates being the norm these days, companies are becoming more discerning with regards their hiring practices. for instance, most the tech companies today look not only the coding chops but also the cultural fit prospective candidates. the indorse platform can the perfect way show how good you are human being, just beyond your ivy league education and your job experience facebook google. you can claim (and prove through indorsements) that you can skateboard, that you're swimming champion, that you have watched the star wars rhapsody gardens the bay two times the same night, then the hiring managers can get clearer picture you person, and better idea your fit with the company culture. kyc kyc, know your customer has always been the holy grail the blockchain community, with many companies and teams making their mission solve this. while projects like uport are the first steps taken towards achieving this goal, believe the indorse platform will take the ecosystem significantly closer the end goal. attaching your identity, profile, and achievements ethereum address decentralized manner, are step closer independent identity system. oracle for prediction markets the indorse platform can also feed into existing prediction markets like gnosis augur. claims, and the subsequent indorsement process can serve prediction markets. now, instead prediction markets like 'is hillary trump going the next president', there can questions like 'is john able code smart contract'. additionally, can even start treating highly subjective claims manner similar prediction market results, where people can vote the outcome certain fact being true. please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. advertising the most direct use the data collected the platform for targeted advertising. this includes the persons viewing the profiles and the profile creators themselves. profile creators will able opt-out they not wish share their data, however staying will allow them receive rewards the form indorse rewards. freelance services much working americans have already entered the 'gig economy' []. intuit further predicts that the population may working freelancers []. with credentials being indorsed the platform, contract work and other job requests can posted and filled members the community. with more decentralized sites like ethlance coming about and changing the landscape freelancing communities, think that indorse will feed into this ecosystem perfectly and can the go-to place for people check the credentials their freelancers, before hiring them. please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. chapter development roadmap pre-launch independent review white paper and concept independent audit the suite smart contracts release poc which includes the ability create decentralized profiles and basic implementation the anonymous indorsement protocol (aip) feature list according the proceeds from the token sale milestone turing babbage dijkstra lovelace moore hard cap limited alpha testnet integration with uport connection with the various advertising apis and the ability buy space token dashboard indorse developer toolkit full functionality build your profiles and post claims state channel implementation aip integration with the spectrum wallet refinement the ui/ux basic advertising system releasing mainnet integration with status integration with attores certificate issuance (ci) system oraclize integration reality keys integration advertising campaign manager module indorse api machine learning integration refinement the anonymous indorsement protocol please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. nakamoto indorse platform mobile app challenges are also cognizant the fact that there are indeed some challenges building this platform. what are envisioning really ambitious, and some the components/features are dependent external factors. these are the challenges that foresee the outset. integration with uport since uport one the essential components the system, are somewhat dependent it. obviously, can certainly work without uport, but then it'll have depend centralized solutions like gmail facebook for authenticating the members. integration with status messaging integral part any social network. the integration with status not successful, there are delays the launch status, the ability for in-platform messaging might affected delayed. uncertainty data storage ipfs one the drawbacks ipfs that the data stored there might not always available, since some the nodes peers might stop sharing storing the data. can mitigate this creating multiple ipfs nodes ourselves encouraging the members host their own ipfs nodes. solutions like filecoin might remove these risks, but since the launch dates filecoin aren't known, this one variable outside our control. please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. chapter token sale initial token sale ind tokens the initial token sale for the ind tokens support the development the indorse network will made via sale for eth. distribution ind tokens will distributed token sale participants per eth under the ind token sale terms and conditions. ind tokens sent token sale participants will represent approximately the total supply created. approximately the total supply will reserved for future use and approximately held the network administrators, team, and advisors. the remaining were issued seed round supporters. token sale participants will send their eth account specified the indorse website after specified block number. the initial token sale will end when the end block created, when the amount eth sent the account reaches the maximum. the token sale fails result minimum number eth, then the token sale will cancelled and eth sent purchase ind tokens will returned. advisors and team members will have lockup period days before their ind tokens can redeemed. addition the ind tokens, indorse will also issuing scr tokens its token sale participants. details relation issuance the scr will announced once the platform released the mainnet. please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. summary ind tokens per eth minimum raised eth maximum raised eth ind token distribution tokens seed tokens supporters (ind buyers) tokens future usage tokens advisors (time-locked days) tokens founders (time-locked days) tokens employees (time-locked days) tokens marketing promotion tokens bounties the above table approximation final token distribution. this may vary depending the final eth price, amount ind tokens sold and other factors. the token sale address will announced the start the token sale through the following avenues: website: http://indorse.io slack invite: http://joinindorse.herokuapp.com/ slack direct link: https://joinindorse.slack.com/ twitter: @joinindorse please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. post token sale holding the funds order limit downside risk the eth received losing value relative the dollar and help ensure will able meet the financial obligations needed complete the project, will hedging some the eth from the token sale. portion the funds will sold for and/or singapore dollars for short and mid term operational costs and some will exchanged for gold-backed asset tokens dollar terms. the remaining balance funds eth will converted dollar other currency needed fund the platforms development and costs. whenever possible, expenses will paid directly eth. please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. chapter core team and advisors core team the indorse team consists professionals with extensive experience cryptocurrency markets and startups. david moskowitz: project head (founder) david cofounder and ceo indorse and attores (discussed below). prior indorse and attores, david founded bitcoin brokerage 'coin republic' and sold co-organiser the bitcoin singapore meetup has been vocal evangelist for cryptocurrency and decentralization. also board member access the singapore cryptocurrency and blockchain industry association. pre-blockchain, was systems integrator, helping sme's set subscription systems online (saas). has years experience product development, marketing and sales. linkedin https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidmoskowitz/ twitter @davidmosk gaurang torvekar: project technical lead (founder) gaurang cofounder and cto indorse and attores. gaurang has been involved with several startups fintech and across india and singapore the 'tech guy'. has masters from singapore management university information systems. the co-organiser the ethereum singapore meetup, and helped grow from members members. conducts courses ethereum hands-on coding and has also worked book building ethereum dapps. linkedin https://www.linkedin.com/in/gaurangtorvekar/ twitter @gaurangtorvekar dipesh sukhani: project operations head dipesh has been recently appointed the operations head attores and indorse. dipesh indian chartered accountant with years work experience the field international tax structuring. dipesh was, until february working tax manager pwc. experienced the field tax and regulatory framework has assisted various multinational companies bringing tax efficiencies their operations indorse, dipesh has been mainly working the front-end development the application along with the operations. dipesh believes that blockchain will revolutionise the please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. world and with this vision stepped out his consultancy world help build blockchain ecosystem with his corporate experience. linkedin https://www.linkedin.com/in/dipeshsukhani/ twitter @dipeshsukhani avadhoot kulkarni: project marketing head avadhoot chief communications officer attores and indorse. prior indorse, avadhoot has served marketing consultant fintech and saas startups mainly usa south east asia. after completing his computer engineering degree course, worked siemens where got introduced digital marketing. his interest digital marketing piqued when learned how can reach millions people using technology and has been passionately working since then. embraces growth mindset and continuous learning which eventually brought him the blockchain world limitless possibilities. linkedin https://www.linkedin.com/in/avadhootkulkarni/ twitter @avadhoot_kulk dave appleton: smart contracts developer dave expert blockchain technology and has worked number state the art blockchain codebases. specializes ethereum smart contracts. dave studied imperial and king's colleges london the resulting bachelor's degree electronic engineering. after receiving his master's degree (management technology) the national university singapore, founded calistra research labs developing advanced machine vision systems. linkedin https://www.linkedin.com/in/dave-appleton-a/ twitter @appletondave harsh nene senior developer linkedin: https://in.linkedin.com/in/harshawardhannene kedar vaidya senior developer linkedin: https://in.linkedin.com/in/vaidyakedar brian ip: project development associate brian was summer associate focusing business development indorse. newfound blockchain enthusiast, brian finds the legal implications and issues surrounding the adoption new technologies like blockchain fascinating, and thinks that technology will give the practice law new lease life. indorse, brian seeks out opportunities for strategic partnerships, reads relevant legal regulations and outlines business development proposals. when not researching the latest blockchain technologies please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. trying wrap his head around code, brian can found poring over law books. brian will starting his undergraduate studies jurisprudence the university oxford october advisors (in particular order) chng: co-founder and ceo digix global linkedin https://sg.linkedin.com/in/kai-c-chng-b shaun djie: co-founder and partnership director digix global linkedin https://sg.linkedin.com/in/shaundjie twitter @shaundjie benedict chan: director engineering bitgo, inc., creator ether.li (first ethereum multisig web wallet) linkedin https://www.linkedin.com/in/bencxr/ twitter @bencxr loi luu: founder and developer for the smartpool project, oyente, developer, ethereum foundation researcher, phd candidate computer science national university singapore linkedin https://www.linkedin.com/in/loiluu/ twitter @loi_luu matthew tan: ceo and founder etherscan linkedin https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-tan-aa/ twitter @etherscan eddy travia: ceo coinsilium linkedin: https://uk.linkedin.com/in/startupeddy/ twitter: @startupeddy dushyant bhatia: co-founder, managing director gozoop, social media marketing and agency linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/dushyantbhatia please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. patrick mccorry: research associate (blockchain), ucl linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/patrick-mccorry-b/ twitter: @paddyncl yacine terai: blockchain investment corporate business advisor, coinsilium linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/yacineterai/ twitter: @yacineterai strategic advisors smith crown: the leading source original research, reporting and analysis for cryptofinancial markets, bitcoin, blockchain technology, and digital currencies https://www.smithandcrown.com/ wings.ai: decentralized platform for creation, participation and management decentralized autonomous organization (daos) https://www.wings.ai/ investors coinsilium: finances and manages the development early-stage blockchain technology companies. coinsilium shares are traded london the nex exchange growth market, the primary market for unlisted securities operated nex exchange. https://www.coinsilium.com/ please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. chapter funding usage breakdown funds received from the token sale are intended used mostly for the development and advancement the platform. the level funds that are received will dictate the extent and timeline development. approximate breakdown use million received through token sale follows: development: research and development will involve the building the technology described this document. this includes: the token app, smart contract systems, publishing system, claim voting system, advertising system, and the other relevant components. sales and marketing: marketing spending will used for bringing new members into the platform, developing partnerships, and bringing advertising the platform. operations: operational costs such office rental, accounting, and other day day operational needs and overheads are covered here. operational costs also include code reviews and security audits. legal fund: think it's prudent idea hold portion funds for any potential legal issues that may arise. please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. please note, the above only indicative and the actual may differ. please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. chapter legal disclaimers disclaimers this does not constitute and not intended offer securities any other financial investment instrument any jurisdiction indorse pte. ltd. does not represent that this white paper discloses all risks and other significant aspects associated with ind tokens, scr tokens, indorse rewards, indorse pte. ltd.and/or the indorse platform indorse pte. ltd. expressly disclaims any and all responsibility and liability any person for any direct, indirect, consequential any other kind loss damage whatsoever arising directly indirectly from: (i) reliance any information contained this white paper, (ii) any error, omission inaccuracy any such information, (iii) any action resulting therefrom. last updated july this white paper for informational purposes only and does not constitute and not intended offer sell, solicitation offer buy, recommendation of: (i) ind tokens, (ii) investment the indorse platform any project property indorse pte. ltd. (iii) shares other securities indorse pte. ltd. any affiliated associated company any jurisdiction. indorse pte. ltd. does not represent that the ind tokens discussed this white paper are suitable for any particular buyer. you are solely responsible for determining whether ind tokens are appropriate for you based your personal objectives, financial circumstances, and risk tolerance. you should consult your business advisor, attorney, tax and accounting advisor regarding your specific business, legal, tax situation. publishing this white paper, indorse pte. ltd. does not intend solicit, and not soliciting, any action with respect ind tokens any contractual relationship with indorse pte. ltd. any affiliated associated company. indorse pte. ltd. elects conduct sale ind tokens token sale any offer sell ind tokens will made solely under the terms and conditions binding legal agreement between the buyer and indorse pte. ltd., the details which will made available https://indorse.io separately from this white paper. please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. nothing this white paper shall construed imposing any person obligation participate the token sale. act relating and itself this white paper, including but not limited to, requesting copy this white paper sharing this white paper, shall constitute participation the token sale. this white paper includes forward-looking statements. except for historical information, the matters discussed this white paper are forward-looking statements that involve certain risks and uncertainties, such indorse pte. ltd.'s expectations regarding the availability, functionality, and performance the indorse platform, use cases for the platform, future development the platform, and the market conditions affecting the platform. those risks and uncertainties also include, among other things, whether the proposed token sale consummated all the terms outlined this white paper. any those risks uncertainties materialise, should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results outcomes may vary materially from those expected. indorse pte. ltd. disclaims any intention obligation update publicly reverse such statements, whether result new information, future events, otherwise. indorse pte. ltd has endeavoured make reasonable attempts ensure the information this document factually true and correct representation the platform the material time publishing. however, result development there may changes the platform, including but not limited to: the platform mechanism, the platform tokens, the token mechanism, proposed allocation tokens, proposed distribution funds raised, that may not included this any other version this white paper. indorse pte. ltd. may, but not obligated to, give notice any changes this any other version this white paper publishing updates its website. all persons are responsible for ensuring that they have the latest version this white paper and reading and understanding its contents.. ind tokens and scr tokens are cryptographic tokens intended used the indorse platform. ind tokens, scr tokens and indorse rewards are not (and are not intended be) any the following: currency any kind shares interest collective investment scheme stocks, debentures, notes, warrants, certificates any other instrument the purpose which grant right interest, dividend, payment any kind return from any person any form security equity interest evidence ownership any legal entity please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. any right participate the control, direction decision making any legal entity the indorse platform the time this writing, (i) with the exception being used place advertisements the platform, ind tokens, scr tokens, and indorse rewards cannot exchanged for goods services, (ii) ind tokens, scr tokens, and indorse rewards have known uses outside the indorse platform, and (iii) ind tokens, scr tokens, and indorse rewards cannot traded any known exchanges. there guarantee that any ind tokens subject the token sale will increase retain its value. may decrease value. indorse pte. ltd. makes representation the value ascribed the ind tokens, scr tokens and indorse rewards, and expressly disclaims any and all liability that may arise result the change any value ascribed any all them. indorse pte. ltd, the organiser the proposed token sale, may required under laws/regulations the applicable jurisdictions carry out, among others, anti-money laundering, counter-terrorism financing checks and/or any other background checks token sale participants kyc checks participating the token sale, all participants agree comply fully with such kyc checks, and represent that all information disclosed indorse pte. ltd. for the purpose compliance with such kyc checks are complete and accurate the best their knowledge. please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. appendix mcneal, "facebook manipulated user news feeds create emotional responses". forbes jun. [online]. available: https://www.forbes.com/sites/gregorymcneal////facebook-manipulated-user-news-feed s-to-create-emotional-contagion/#fadecdc huston, "snap ipo: things know about snapchat parent company goes public", marketwatch, mar. [online]. available: http://www.marketwatch.com/story/snap-ipo-six-things-we-now-know-about-snapchat-parent-co mpany--- scott and isaac, "facebook restores iconic vietnam war photo censored for nudity", the new york times sep. [online]. available: https://www.nytimes.com////technology/facebook-vietnam-war-photo-nudity.html?mcu bz=&_r= davie, each cohort get shot local universities", the straits times aug. [online]. available: http://www.straitstimes.com/singapore/-of-each-cohort-to-get-shot-at-local-universities ho, "skill gap big problem for fresh grads", the straits times sep. [online]. available: http://www.straitstimes.com/singapore/manpower/skill-gap-a-big-problem-for-fresh-grads the economist, "glutted with graduates", the economist, banyan, nov. [online]. available: http://www.economist.com/blogs/banyan///education-south-korea ethercasts, "state the dapps". [online]. available: https://dapps.ethercasts.com/ popper, "business giants announce creation computing system based ethereum", the new york times feb. [online]. available: https://www.nytimes.com////business/dealbook/ethereum-alliance-business-banking-security.ht ml?mcubz=&_r= please note that this draft the white paper and subject change. mccorry, shahandashti and hao, smart contract for boardroom voting with maximum voter privacy", sch comp sci, newcastle univ., ne, uk. [online]. available: https://eprint.iacr.org//.pdf oraclize, scalable architecture for on-demand, untrusted delivery entropy", oraclize, london, uk. [online]. available: http://www.oraclize.it/papers/random_datasource-rev.pdf manyika et. "independent work: choice, necessity, and the gig economy", mckinsey global institute oct. [online] available: http://www.mckinsey.com/~/media/mckinsey/global%themes/employment%and%grow th/independent%work%choice%necessity%and%the%gig%economy/indepen dent-work-choice-necessity-and-the-gig-economy-full-report.ashx intuit, "intuit report", intuit, mountain view, ca, usa oct. [online] available: https://http-download.intuit.com/http.intuit/cmo/intuit/futureofsmallbusiness/intuit__report.p cartoon characters used under license from brgfx/freepik.com. please note that this draft the white paper and subject change.