the whitepaper token issuer infinitus technologies pte ltd token ticker inf token name infinitus token project name sponsor name public sale infinitus venture capital network pte ltd estimated end july this whitepaper not endorsed any government authority. only available www.infinitustoken.io and may not redistributed, reproduced passed any other person published, part whole, for any purpose, without the prior written consent infinitus technologies pte ltd. this whitepaper, full part, must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination this whitepaper prohibited restricted. persons into whose possession this whitepaper may come are required inform themselves about and observe any relevant legal regulatory restrictions and seek all necessary professional advice. accessing this whitepaper, you agree bound this requirement. about this document this document provided for your information only. participants are advised read this document carefully full and perform due diligence. inf token utility token, designed for accessing the inf platform and mobile application only. not intended regulated financial product any kind. participants comprehend and fully accept the fact that inf tokens are not securities under any circumstance hence the inf tokens are not considered investment financial product any kind. unforeseen circumstances might not allow the completion the project whole partially. acquiring and storing inf tokens involves various risks, particular that infinitus.io may not able launch its operations and develop its blockchain platform due risks associated with regulation for icos and blockchain-based applications. these are mostly unregulated governments various jurisdictions present. active secondary market may not developed for the use and resale the inf token therefore the purchase and use inf token should not done for speculative usage. participants should carefully consider the risks, costs, and benefits acquiring inf token and, necessary, obtain independent advice this regard. the sale inf token final and non-refundable. risks associated with new technology and cryptocurrency tokens general are relatively new and untested technology. due this nature, technology-related unforeseen events may occur any time. participants comprehend and fully accept all types related risks involved. such case, any person undertaking acquire inf tokens acknowledge and understand that neither infinitus.io nor any its affiliates shall held liable for any direct indirect loss damages caused such changes and that project parameters, dates, specifications provided well other details technical not could subject change without prior notice. important read all relevant documents and obtain advice before making any decision purchase the infinitus tokens. the sale inf tokens not available all jurisdictions and all purchasers. infinitus has taken all reasonable care ensure that the facts stated this document are true and accurate all material respects, and that there are other facts the omission which would make misleading any statement the document, whether facts opinion. contents abstract the problem solution overview infinitus (inf) smart designation repository how does work? user journey the smart designation system technical unveiling infinitus infinitus solution architecture overview distributed application layer (dapps) infinitus network infinitus' smart contract infinitus solution layer fsdlt network atomizer engine (segmentation) bit-swap (transformation) mobile application layer the infinitus token infinitus token allocation infinitus use contribution infinitus token summary infinitus project summary infinitus token sale summary the team the management team the advisory team corporate governance management conduct its affairs the roadmap connect with infinitus disclaimer legal abstract ever since the advent blockchain cryptocurrencies have gained popularity and they are being used millions people around the world mean exchange. being excellent attribute store value, these virtual currencies are backed cryptography that aims unbreakable and are supported various communities. result, risks have emerged that the private keys are lost the cryptocurrency owner passes away, this digital fortune will lost forever. our aim provide solution mitigate these risks with innovative consumer technology that universal, user-friendly, decentralized and cost effective. the problem online research conducted the inf team found that the possibility losing one's wallet private key major concern and has indeed happened many individuals. this happens users typically rely unsecured key storage methods such as; writing the key piece paper keeping them digital forms, such microsoft office files stored hard disks usb drives. these methods are perishable, not fail-safe and are susceptible the possibility losing one's key. "it very easy lose crypto" says martin davidson, co-founder blockchain centre. also added that impossible retrieve the lost key the mathematics involved and the strength the cryptographic system what makes crypto safe. the unfortunate event lost key, financial losses can total and devastating. therefore, prevention imperative there "no cure." all crypto users should take the necessary measures safeguard their cryptocurrencies, coins and tokens. that the core belief our team. when the ideas and plans emerged, inf was born. aim transform the inevitable, challenge the irrevocable and provide alternative the traditional leveraging the blockchain technology, for the blockchain community. our objective build smart designated repository store private keys and password securely, for all cryptowallet users using ethereum smart contract, file system dlt and the ipfs protocol. the inf token not positioned substitute product replace the traditional the hardware method that the crypto-wallet users are accustomed to, but rather, complementary product that seeks provide the crypto-community with alternative option. solving blockchain problem with blockchain solution. solution overview infinitus (inf) smart designation repository inf blockchain-based storage application that allows users encrypt and store variety alphanumeric data decentralized network. the user data securely stored peer-to-peer network (ipfs) which also ensures that only accessible the designated recipient upon predetermined inactivity trigger. examples user data that can stored our secured environment are: passwords, wallet files, private keys, json files, utc files, keystore files, mnemonic phrases, recovery seeds and even short text messages. how does work? inf decentralised application (dapp). the inf mobile app acts interface between the user and the backend blockchain technology. the inf mobile app may downloaded from the google play store the apple app store from june onwards. the user sets the "smart designation repository" with inf token acting "key". user then defines pre-set inactivity period based the inf mobile app for example, days -days. when the inf mobile app recognize inactivity, the inf ethereum smart contract triggered, and the private data will automatically gathered and transfer back the named designated receiver. once the private data entered onto the inf platform, the data will fragmented, replicated, encrypted, and distributed across the decentralized network via fsdlt peer-to-peer protocol. the decentralized network nodes are made organizations individuals that are using inf's repository services. files stored are encrypted with aes- military grade, state-of-the-art encryption program. the inf ethereum smart contract and fsdht network are linked the aura blockchain infrastructure which also conduct the verification pre-set inactivity through the mobile app. the risk single point failure eliminated with local encryption and fragmentation data with fsdlt, over the decentralized network. each network node contains only bits the fragmented and encrypted data which does not carry any significance its own. this ensures the security information and data the inf network. user journey user journey jack newbie cryptocurrency user. has coinbase account and token mobile wallet. reckon jack has quite bit bitcoin his wallet. jack purchased some inf tokens during the inf presale. downloads the inf mobile app from google play and the tokens were delivered directly into his inf app jack uses inf token set his smartdes repository inf recommends users always have physical hardcopy backup their data. jack keys his private key. next sets days inactivity trigger the inf mobile app. lastly, names his wife jane the receiver. users store their private key parts using multiple repositories. minimum days inactivity period the inf mobile app jack's private data then fragmented, encrypted and distributed for storage all the peer peer nodes the decentralized network. the smart designation system the smartdes system store retrieve protocol store transfer protocol needs inf erc token key activate the smartdes repository store data. needs account and password store and retrieve data. information stored across decentralized network. eliminated third-party risk and "single point failure:. information typically stored whole file centralized server. potentially fallible "single point failure". the data fragmented, encrypted and distributed into all the peer-to peer nodes. user must have the password retrieve data. retrieval and transfer data must done the account holder manually. pre-set event will trigger the smart contract transfer the data named recipient. typical cloud storage inf smart designation repository system operates store transfer protocol which contrast the traditional cloud storage system; that utilizes store retrieve protocol. the key distinction lies the ability the smart contract detect triggered event (such period inactivity the inf mobile user's social media account) and automatically transfers the user's digital information designated recipient thus behaving like "smart will" "smart transfer wealth" infinitus the process building user base and community surrounding the project. the near future, inf plans expand its application other areas relating generational wealth protection and smart will when the store transfer protocol has been widely adopted the community. technical unveiling infinitus technical architecture built the best- in- class blockchain technology applications infinitus mobile app infinitus token inf token acts "key" activate the repository. token for repository inf mobile app the interface where the user can key private data set inactivity period inf mobile app activate the smartdes repository using the inf tokens private data fragmented, encrypted and distributed decentralized network. kupat tahu presentation built ethereum smart contract activated infinitus erc token linked aura perpetual digital economy platform for distributed systems and dapps smartdes repository encrypted with aes secure military grade encryption distributed through the dht network via atomizer tracked verified through the infinitus mobile app infinitus solution architecture overview infinitus solution, built the fsdlt (file system distributed ledger technology) network aura blockchain consists three layers: mobile application layer, infinitus solution layer and distributed application (dapps) layer. diagram below shows the architecture solution. aura blockchain consist array technological layers and protocols. uses distributed storage and the key innovations are the shout protocol and the fsdlt layer. each fsdlt block structured file which contains all the necessary components such the filenames and attributes. each file and the content within has unique fingerprint called the cryptographic hash which ensures duplication across the network and ensures immutability. the block stored using ipfs network nodes. parallel chaining, fsdlt allows multiple transactions processed from single node. each node only stores the transactions has participated in. the shout protocol distributes the transaction information through the mdht network. also helps other nodes locate the necessary information required complete transactions. each transaction needs pass through customizable business logic layer similar smart contract. every transaction can found human readable file names that use naming system called ipns (interplanetary name service), part the ipfs framework. the file separated into pieces signed with unique certification and sent fsdlt network udp protocol storing aura blockchain, which consists number client's smartphones and internet thing (iot) devices. using parallel block processing fsdlt network, time-saving transactions are processed. every user has unique private key for role identification. for the time being, each user connects blockchain will act peers. someone sends file blockchain, file encrypted and separated into pieces segmented data sending other peers. last, when infinites' smart contract activated user's pre-defined situation, user can retrieve file combing pieces fragmented data whole file and decrypting with private key. distributed application layer (dapps) distributed application layer permissioned ledger, meaning ledger accessible (for reading and writing) known and pre-approved parties. the distributed ledger the infinitus solution consists two subcomponents: infinitus network and infinitus smart contract. infinitus network infinitus network user pools sharing its disk space divided into odd/even groups. while receiving segmented data from other peers, fsdlt will sort data based its size, and sending segmented data odd/even user pools automatically fsdht algorithm. mdht (mainline distributed hash table) network the name given the (dht) used bittorrent clients find peers. aura using this peer peer sha- protocol for distributed node connections. mdht proven stable network. infinitus' smart contract infinitus' smart contract provides same integrity and transparency guarantees found shared ledgers. the smart contract ensures uniqueness mutually exclusive events and maintains the state the ledger data. also serves assured notification mechanism. any state change data contracts must notified and must have the assurance that will made aware that the state changed has occurred. infinitus solution layer infinitus solution layer provides ultimate solution for parties. consists two components: fsdlt network, connecting peers share disk space, and atomizer re-atomize engine, generating shredded files. fsdlt network while completion installing infinitus apps and registering inf wallet start infinitus' services, will connect the fsdlt network shout protocol, time-effective utp protocol, meanwhile, its disk space will shares other peers smartphones and iot devices. simple heuristic object udp transfer protocol (shout). innovative and efficient protocol for nodal communications between all nodes once the aura platform. broadcast the transaction request across the network and implements the por consensus algorithm. lightweight mass connectivity protocol. atomizer engine (segmentation) bit-swap (transformation) the functionality atomizer engine divide file into pieces data before sending other peers through fsdlt network. the re-atomizer engine, the other hand, will the inverse process when user attempts get whole file from the fsdlt network. bit-swap exchange component ipfs (interplanetary file system), which responsible for connecting network, sending data and broadcasting notifications. ipfs (inter-planetary file system) the peer peer hypermedia protocol for efficient file storage. essentially, each file and all the blocks within are given unique fingerprint called cryptographic hash. each network node stores only content interested in, and some indexing information that helps figure out who storing what. while successfully sending pieces segmented data through bit-swap, mobile application layer will receive message stream certificate service. mobile application layer applications are participant-specific configurations and integrations user interface, providing variety features, such role identification, storing retrieving private data, customizing own services. both ios and android provide build-in network connection technology, api-based library, for role identification, data encryption signed with one-time certification, and separating data into pieces competitive performance. for activating infinitus contract, both ios and android are using ifttt work with its social media applications such facebook, twitter and snapchat deliver file. the infinitus token the total supply inf token million, generated through the ethereum smart contract system. each inf token has the same value and functionality. inf tokens are non-minable, nondivisible and non-cumulative. inf tokens are required whole for inf's intended function activate the inf repository. one inf token "opens" one inf smartdes repository through the sale inf tokens, the inf team aims raise funds for further research and development (r&d) and improving the basic functions inf. have planned for ongoing marketing campaigns the post-ico phase maximize awareness and valuation the inf tokens. the funds raised will also used for establishing global marketing team and technical team work the project and facilitate listings exchanges for liquidity. infinitus token allocation eighty percent the inf tokens million inf tokens) will allocated the community while allocated for the infinitus mobile app native freemium token. the remaining percent will allocated the inf initiators and development team for the technology, resources and effort they have given towards the initial development inf. distributed ledger technology (dlt) derives its utility and value from network effects: the greater the number users, the more valuable the technology. hope distribute percent the inf tokens all our supporters and build our blockchain community make inf must-have app for every crypto-wallet user. eventually, percent the inf tokens will allocated the community for inf turn into complete open source project intended. token allocation table details allocation tokens number tokens number tokens sold private purchasers during token pre-sale number tokens available for sale during the token ico crowd sale number tokens for mobile app freemium native token for use number tokens allocated founders, team and advisors number tokens used for early marketing (including airdrops and bounty programs) million tokens million tokens no. tokens allocated (%) million tokens million tokens million tokens million tokens infinitus use contribution technology will allocated for infrastructure development, tech support, function and security enhancement operations will allocated for operations, administration, financial and legal consultancy. marketing will used for online marketing campaign (pre post ico), seminars and public relations events and community building activities. development will allocated infinitus and our advisors for research and development, strategic planning and project support use contributions infinitus token summary the following provided for summary purposes only and does not form part any agreement the purchase the infinitus tokens. seller infinitus technologies pte. ltd ("inf") private company limited shares incorporated and registered singapore december company registration number: registered office: raffles place singapore land tower singapore website: www.infinitustoken.io token name: infinitus token token type: utility token erc) ticker: inf project name: infinitus inf) project summary: infinitus (inf) blockchain based decentralized application which allows its users store encrypted digital data decentralized network and transfer his private data designated receiver upon predetermined triggered event. inf launching initial token sale for its utility token, the infinitus token inf") intended for the use and functions inf mobile app, inf platform and its peer- peer network. private sale period: total supply tokens: february hrs singapore time utc july hrs inf mobile app native freemium token reserve private sale round: public sale round: community airdrop and bounty: management reserve: unsold tokens: reserved for future development minimum sale target (soft cap): maximum sale target: (hard cap) usd usd tokens for sale for ico round: token price: inf for eth accepted payment methods eth transferred the digital address specified the inf website, payable the applicable eth price determined inf and specified the time purchase. inf eth eth inf exclusive any transaction fees costs. inf tokens must purchased unit. decimals allowed. minimum purchase amount public sale .eth inf will only publish the token sale account address its website www.infinitustoken.io. further token sales there will not another token generation event (tge). inf will use the unsold tokens for future development. countries not allowed for participation democratic people's republic korea, bosnia and herzegovina, congo, eritrea, ethiopia, iran, iraq, lybia, serbia, somalia, south sudan, sudan, sri lanka, syria, trinidad and tobago, tunisia, vanuatu and yemen and any citizens gbx's list banned countries. involvement other token sales inf has not issued any other tokens prior this whitepaper. infinitus project summary project name: infinitus inf) website: www.infinitustoken.io project summary: infinitus (inf) blockchain based decentralized application which allows its user store encrypted digital data decentralized network and transfer his private data designated receiver upon predetermined triggered event. inf launching initial token sale for its utility token, the infinitus token inf") intended for the use and functions inf mobile app, inf platform and its peer- peer network. directors and management inf confirms that none its directors shareholders have been the subject of, involved in, any the following: (a) unspent convictions relation indictable offences; (b) bankruptcies, receiverships, liquidations, administrations, voluntary arrangements such person any company partnership where such person was director with executive function partner the time within the months preceding such events; (c) any official public incrimination and/or sanctions such person statutory regulatory authorities (including designated professional bodies); (d) disqualified court from acting director company from acting the management conduct the affairs any company. none inf any directors are involved any current threatened legal disputes that may affect inf the status the project. xanne leo ceo has further information disclose. shareholders eric song yann yunn co-founder xanne leo sen yun co-founder advisers, partners and third party service providers the compensation arrangements for each those parties are follows: (a) strategy advisors: offered inf tokens with days vesting period. (b) legal advisors: fiat currency payments based work performed. (c) auditors: fiat currency payments based work performed. (d) marketing partners: fiat currency based work performed. inf confirms that there affiliation, conflict interest related party transactions with its management team and directors. project development reporting inf will provide formal updates about the progress the project quarterly basis via the inf website, official inf telegram announcement channel and the inf mobile app project timeline and roadmap: please refer the roadmap section the whitepaper. project use contributions for development please refer use contributions section the whitepaper intra-group service arrangements: all technology and platform are developed and operated inhouse team. formal third party service arrangements have been made. the platform uses many other open sourced software and technology readily available the marketplace. material resources: inf has not filed for any rights and patents. additional information: additional information infinitus token sale summary the following provided for summary purposes only and does not form part any agreement the purchase the infinitus tokens. all purchasers shoud aware that secondary market for inf tokens may not necessarily develop. token sale instructions website: www.infinitustoken.io purchasers must follow the instructions provided the website purchase inf tokens for the ico launch gbx grid platform. private sale period: february hrs singapore time utc july hrs public sale period: targeted week july total supply tokens: total tokens for sale: private sale round: public sale round: unsold tokens: reserved for future development tokens for sale for ico round: token price for ico round: inf for eth minimum purchase amount: accepted payment methods eth inf inf eth eth inf exclusive any transaction fees costs. inf tokens must purchased unit. decimals allowed. eth transferred the digital address specified the inf website, payable the applicable eth price determined inf and specified the time purchase. inf will only publish the token sale account address its website www.infinitustoken.io. further token sales there will not another token generation event (tge). inf will use the unsold tokens for future development. authorised token sales communication channel" the only communication channels authorised inf for the purposes the token sale are: website: www.infinitustoken.io email: support@infinitustoken.io telegram: https://t.me/infinitustoken_ann token lock-up period pre-sale inf tokens has lock period days from the date exchange listing. the event multiple exchange listings, shall counted from the exchange listing date. public sale inf tokens does not have any lock period. private sale terms inf tokens are allocated for private sale. there are bonus tokens given for private sale. certain discount may applicable depending the quantity purchased. please contact support@infinitustoken.io for more details. declaration infinitus has taken all reasonable care ensure that the facts stated this document are true and accurate all material respects, and that there other facts that the omission which would make misleading any statement the document, whether facts opinion. inf accepts responsibility accordingly. the team the management team have the best experts our team, driven our passion help crypto-currency enthusiasts avoid any form loss caused the loss passwords private keys. xanne leo co-founder ceo xanne has years experience the financial service industry south east asia. she specializes corporate advisory and deal sourcing for cross border m&a and business growth. her healthcare startup was one the top finalists channel news asia startup season that was aired across asia she brings invaluable insights and leadership the team the consumer technology space. eric song co-founder strategic adviser eric has been equities and futures trader for over years. started his early career proprietary trading firms and progressed manage substantial portfolios billion-dollar hedge fund with global macro strategy. "we are seeing emergence new asset class, blockchain technology and crypto currency will soon reach mass adoption stage." moshe schlisser president moshe the managing partner iberica investments which oversees many and projects. he's also the director todos medical ltd. since february mr. schlisser currently also serves director smartgreen ltd, tantel group ltd and iii pte ltd. mr. schlisser general partner shefa capital ltd growth venture fund with focus mid later stage deep technology investments. mr. schlisser held managerial positions various investment firms and has experience with investments, structured finance and mergers and acquisitions. teresa tan chief operations officer teresa possesses extensive experience project management. she has engineering background and carries expertise management oil and gas upstream projects. subsequently, she headed sales for the apec region. teresa's years experiences gained management multimillion dollar projects has helped her develop the expertise for on- time delivery through the effective management critical timelines and resources. marcus yuen- chief technology officer since marcus runs outfit programmers and service staff out from that provides service various financial intermediaries and institutions and private trading firms. relationships are forged with external vendors and various stock exchanges provide for hi-frequency trading with the exchanges. his range expertise includes carefully customizing each entities requirements and striking partnerships for the long term. simon lee chief financial controller simon the co-founder corporate house group and equity partner corporate house partners llp. associate the institute chartered secretaries and administrators and has extensive experience corporate secretarial practice and advisory services, singapore, hong kong and malaysia. dr. ting shang ping algorithm cryptotrading and liquidity provider dr. ting has over decade experience the financial technology and space. dr. ting founded the proprietary trading company, anderson sigma and created his own low latency algotrading platform, snap. built successful career proprietary trader electronic market maker nyenburgh holdings and established partnership with ferrell asset management market neutral robo-trading fund targeted provide consistent returns with minimal volatility. also formerly served software engineer the defence science technology agency ("dsta"), where developed artificial intelligence software for the singapore armed forces' advanced combat simulator. jose escudero strategy and marketing officer jose, with more than years professional experience management consulting and corporate finance helping worldwide corporations, organisations and governments develop real value added strategies oriented achieve successful next generation developments. jose has been member different boards directors and direction committees many companies different industries. has been also working independent expert for the leading investment banking and private equity firms like goldman sachs, hig-havard investment group, advent, etc. claire tan public relations claire has broad experience investment advisory and wealth management. her area expertise includes business development the asset management field. she was senior investment advisor family office and relationship manager reputable private bank. leo liu- platform technology leo has been the programming space for the last years. familiar with various programming languages like java, c#, pascal, c++, andriod, flash, actionscript name few. became aware and interested the crypto and blockchain space for the last year. his range expertise includes the ability provide market data and build bridges different platforms linking financial institutions and proprietary trading firms with various exchange. the advisory team ronald aai blockchain technology adviser ronald serial entrepreneur the new world technology for the last years. had successfully built several internet business. his early career and has been developing new technologies for telco systems, iot solutions, blockchain technology, social media, payment, mobile wallets and mobile applications. ronald has several filed under his name for mobile software development. quek fei legal adviser legal advisor blockchain, cryptocurrency and icos. addition fei's experience acting for banks varied transactions and general corporate law, also helps individuals estate planning, including the legal aspects wealth management, advising and setting trusts and off-shore structures secure their future and the future their families. also actively involved advising legal aspects distributed ledger technology/blockchain, cryptocurrency; icos (initial coin offerings), including legal and regulatory compliance. fei heads the cnp's banking and finance well private clients teams. annetta jiaman market adviser (china asean) visual communication branding veteran. annetta has more than years experience brand planning, marketing and event management across the asean countries. she had led the planning and completion numerous one belt one road projects asia building bridges for the domestic chinese companies and foreign customers. the key organiser for the silk road international film festival asean film week, chinaasean cultural capacity (movies) co-operation seminar and co-organizer for malaysia ecommerce exhibition. the blockchain space, annetta had organised pax public relations event for "influence chain" and opening ceremony for "easychain" singapore paul teo business adviser (malaysia) paul serial entrepreneur and founder the mixed martial arts gym, muay fit malaysia. brings invaluable years experience from the health, hotel and telco industry the emerging ico world and currently advisor several crypto start-up ventures south east asia. rupertus rothenhaeuser market adviser (germany) ruptus has served nearly years investment banking and derivative markets. starting options&futures market maker quickly became one the driving forces the structured products arena spend many years for bzw london, bnp paribas paris and abn amro hong kong covering trading and sales marketing financial institutions. most recently, spend over years working for the stuttgart stock exchange head global sales and data. corporate governance management conduct its affairs principle: key management personnel are provide leadership, vision, competency and accountability lead and grow the company. providing entrepreneurial leadership, set strategic directions and overall corporate policies infinitus (inf); ensuring the adequacy internal controls, risk management and periodic reviews the inf's technical performance and growth; setting inf's values and standards, ensuring that the necessary human resources are place; and assuming responsibility for good corporate governance practices. the directors- xanne leo and teresa tan will take extreme care adopting top security measures, with the use multi-sig wallets and cold storage ensure contributions are handled safely. these measures are also regularly reviewed the management team. would consider explore the use custodian account, escrow services and third party security storage and when the cryptocurrency market services matures and diversify. advisers conduct its affair principle: there should cohesive and collaborative element the adviser's board. each adviser offer in-depth and extensive knowledge and technical know-how their area expertise the inf management team for the benefit the inf platform and all its stakeholders. each adviser has been appointed the strength his calibre, experience, grasp corporate strategy and potential contribute the company and its businesses. every adviser brings valuable insights from different perspectives vital the strategic interests the company they possess the necessary competencies provide the management team with diverse and objective perspective issues lead, govern and grow the company effectively. management advisers- the infinitus team principle: there should clear division roles and responsibilities which will ensure balance power, authority, perspective and competency. inf adopts dual leadership structure whereby there distinct division roles and responsibilities between the inf co-founders- xanne leo, ceo heading the management team and eric song, strategic adviser head, leading the adviser board. this structure provides the company with balanced industry market outlook that current and relevant combining the specialised knowledge, expert opinion localized market know-how and experiences the groups together. xanne leo, chief executive officer with teresa tan, chief operations officer has overall responsibility inf's operations, organisational effectiveness and implementation all policies and decisions. strategic adviser head, eric song responsible for ensuring adviser's board effectiveness and conduct, well strategic development inf. have appointed advisers, veterans their respective fields support, guide and advise the team. all management team and advisers fulfill pivotal role corporate accountability. together, the inf team whole has unbiased and independent views, advice and judgement take care the interests inf, our stakeholders, and the various communities which the inf mobile app serves. the management team and the adviser board shall collectively and regularly review and improve inf's business and operational activities identify areas significant business risks well taking appropriate measures control and mitigate these risks. the team shall review all significant control policies and procedures ensure proper governance. the roadmap phase the team and platform functions conceptualization blockchain based solution for all crypto-wallet users business pre-seed round- inf takes off with pre-seed round raised from reputable vcs hong kong, singapore and israel. product research development inf validates the need the blockchain community online research market need and competitive analysis. management team inf rounds the year with talented and dedicated team joining the management. co-founders forming the core team with cto,. coo, cmo, cfo. business legal matters presale- inf engage pre-sale events across asia and europe. participating major blockchain conferences and event around the world hong kong inf token presale private event quarry bay, hong kong march kuala lumpur inf token presale private event klcc, malaysia march singapore inf token presale private event centennial tower and intercontinental hotel singapore, february march singapore inf token official pre-ico preview mbs singapore please refer our website for more details about the private events. product research development inf mobile app being developed mobile app basic user functions for ui/ux advisory board announcing inf's advisory board adding new market advisers progress into different jurisdictions. business online marketing campaigns and events marketplace kyc for token sale panel speaker for the global inclusive blockchain conference suss, singapore april competition participation- inf announced the winner blockshow for blockchain without summit consensus week manhattan nyc, may community building management- telegram, twitter, github and various major forums please refer our website for more details about the events token generation event token contract creation smart contract security audit product research development inf launch its mobile application mvp version .ss ios and android platform, with whitelisting and login functions, press release announcement and inf e-wallet receive airdrop bounty phase blockchain functions and mobile app development business explore expand partnership possibilities with other dapps store and applications. marketing and promotion the inf mobile app downloads the crypto community asia and europe. education and collaborations with blockchain academic symposiums widen blockchain adoption the market place. keynote speaker for london fintech week, london july panel speaker for block asia conference singapore, july keynote speaker for world blockchain summit korea, september token generation event token distribution the users product research development blockchain functions develop blockchain functions, decentralised network, develop data encryption protocol dapp active tracking. enhancing functions the mobile applications push notification, news update for better engagement. testing, feedbacks improvements uat, stress test performance test. finalized security scanning tools which utilized investment banks similar platforms. collect and analyse user feedback from the app/play store business marketing campaign europe and asia events and seminars promote the inf mobile app downloads online marketing and local communities building activities organize educational symposiums for blockchain applications collaboration and tied-ups with other dapps speaker for dubai blockchain conference october product research development inf alpha version mvp product- mobile app version launched october with refined layout enhanced security features inf beta version product- inf web platform launched december mobile application version enhanced storage and performance and security. improve data processing speed and efficiency phase beta product and technological enhancements business marketing campaign europe and asia events and seminars promote the inf mobile app downloads online marketing and local communities building activities organize educational symposiums for blockchain applications collaboration and tied-ups with other dapps product research development enhance data encryption explore smart contract veto functions validate recipient identity verification function enhance dapp social media apis integration. explore options reset passwords and trigger alerts business marketing campaign latin america events and seminar promote the inf mobile app online marketing and local community building activities product research development explore multi-platform smart contract release responsive website version the front end extend coverage for utilize function for inf token. security functions and enhancements product research development enhancements web version explore cross chains abilities extend mobile app features and functions connect with infinitus please refer these official communication channels for updates and news from website- www.infinitustoken.io inf telegram chat http://t.me/infinitustoken telegram official announcement channel- t.me/infinitustoken_ann twitter infinitustoken https://twitter.com/infinitustoken github account- https://github.com/infinitustoken medium: https://medium.com/infinitustoken linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/company/infinitustoken/ disclaimer the only rights granted respect the inf tokens are hold, transfer and use the inf tokens respect the platform, protocol network that inf issuer developing operating. inf tokens not have any other rights, use, purpose, value, attributes, functionalities features, whether expressed implied. the inf tokens are not intended redeemed, purchased otherwise transacted for profit. all purchaser and holders the token will not receive any profit, income, return other benefit purely virtue holding the inf token. tokens are not understood, deemed, interpreted construed representative any kind of: (a) currency, legal tender, money deposit, whether fiat otherwise, nor any substitute for such currency, legal tender, money deposit; (b) investment (whether secured unsecured), equity interest, proprietary interest, economic right (including any kind right payment, income, dividend, return, profit, other return, any sums paid, likely paid, out such), share similar interest claim against any person, asset, entity, organization, scheme, venture project; (c) equity, debt hybrid instrument, security, collective investment scheme, managed fund, financial derivative, futures contract, deposit, commercial paper, negotiable instrument, investment contract, note, bond, warrant, certificate instrument entitling the holder interest, dividends any kind return, nor any other financial instrument; (d) right, title, interest benefit whatsoever whole part, any person property, any assets whatsoever; (e) any commodity that regulated under applicable law which any person obliged redeem purchase. inf tokens are not guaranteed secured any person, asset, entity, organisation, scheme, venture project, including the issuer, any way. the issuer under obligation issue replacement tokens the event that any inf token private key lost, stolen, malfunctioning, destroyed otherwise inaccessible for any reason. neither the issuer nor any other person obliged redeem purchase the inf tokens any time. token issuance are mostly unregulated governments various jurisdictions present therefore the issuance inf tokens may suspended cancelled any time due unforeseen circumstances. all tokens purchase are final and non-refundable. token purchasers will receive official notices and updates quarterly from the issuer via the infinitus mobile app. the terms and conditions governed the law the republic singapore. please refer www.infinitustoken.io for more details. legal this whitepaper has not been registered under the securities and futures act (cap under any securities exchange and applicable securities laws singapore. this whitepaper has not been examined approved the monetary authority singapore ("mas") the accounting and corporate regulatory authority ("acra"); should any parties unclear about this whitepaper any the terms this whitepaper have any doubt this whitepaper any its terms this whitepaper have any doubt this whitepaper any its terms, the parties (or party) are advised seek legal, financial, tax other professional advise before proceeding with the token purchase. inf are not securities units collective investment scheme business trust, each defined under singapore's securities and futures act (cap. ("sfa"). accordingly, the sfa does not apply the offer and sale inf. for the avoidance doubt, this initial offering inf need not accompanied any prospectus profile statement and prospectus profile statement needs lodged with the monetary authority singapore ("mas"). this whitepaper does not constitute offer of, invitation purchase, inf any jurisdiction which such offer sale would unlawful. regulatory authority singapore, including the mas, has reviewed approved disapproved inf this whitepaper. this whitepaper and any part hereof may not distributed otherwise disseminated any jurisdiction where offering tokens the manner set out this whitepaper regulated prohibited. the information this whitepaper current only the date the cover hereof. for any time after the cover date this whitepaper, the information, including information concerning infinitus technologies pte. ltd.'s ("infinitus") business operations and financial condition may have changed. neither the delivery this whitepaper nor any sale made the related initial token offering shall, under any circumstances, constitute representation that such changes have occurred. whether taken whole read part, this whitepaper not, and should not regarded as, any form legal, financial, tax, other professional advice. you should seek independent professional advice before making your own decision whether not purchase any inf tokens. you are responsible for any and all evaluations, assessments, and decisions you make relation purchasing inf. tokens you may request for additional information from infinitus relation this offer inf. infinitus may, but not obliged to, disclose such information depending whether (i) legal and (ii) the requested information reasonably necessary verify the information contained this whitepaper. inf are intended for use the infinitustoken.io network and the inf mobile application ("infinitustoken.io") for purposes accessing the inf "vault services", and infinitus warrants that inf tokens are fit for this service stated the whiepaper. upon purchasing any inf, you will deemed have reviewed this whitepaper (and any information you may have requested and obtained from infinitus) full and have agreed the terms this offering inf, including the fact that this offering does not fall within the scope any securities laws singapore and not regulated the mas. you further acknowledge and agree that inf are not securities and are not meant generate any form investment return. persons considering acquiring inf are responsible for conducting their own due diligence infinitus and inf, and should ensure that they understand and are able bear the risks purchasing inf. infinitustoken.io, inf mobile app, and any related services provided infinitus are provided "as is" and "as available" basis. infinitus does not grant any warranties make any representation, express implied otherwise, the accessibility, quality, suitability, accuracy, adequacy, completeness infinitustoken.io, inf, any related services provided infinitus, and expressly disclaims any liability for errors, delays, omissions in, for any action taken reliance on, infinitustoken.io, inf, and any related services infinitus may provide. warranty, including the warranties non-infringement third party rights, title, merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for particular purpose, given conjunction with infinitus. io, inf mobile app, and any related services provided infinitus. regulatory risks the regulation utility tokens such inf still very nascent stage development singapore. high degree uncertainty how tokens and token-related activities are treated exists. the applicable legal and regulatory framework may change subsequent the date issuance this white paper. such change may very rapid and not possible anticipate with any degree certainty the nature such regulatory evolution. infinitus does not any way represent that the regulatory status inf will remain unaffected any regulatory changes that arise any point time before, during, and after this offering. regulatory supervision none infinitus its affiliates currently regulated subject the supervision any regulatory body singapore.. the inf tokens have not been approved, disapproved recommended the securities authority any other regulatory authority any jurisdiction. fiduciary duties owed infinitus not regulated financial institution, does not owe holders inf any fiduciary duties. this means that infinitus has legal obligation always act good faith the best interests holders inf. while infinitus will have regard the interests holders inf, also permitted consider the interests other key stakeholders and prefer these interests over the interests inf holders. this may mean that infinitus permitted make decisions that conflict with, are not necessarily in, the interests inf holders. not owing any fiduciary duties holders inf also means that holders inf may have limited rights recourse against infinitus and its affiliates the event disputes. token holders acknowledge and agree that your decision purchase, hold, and use the tokens based solely the right potentially use the tokens for the services (as defined the whitepaper) the inf platform and not for any expectation financial gain because the fluctuations the value the tokens. tax risks the tax characterisation inf unclear. accordingly, the tax treatment which they will subject uncertain. all persons who wish purchase inf should seek independent tax advice and legal advise prior deciding whether purchase any inf. infinitus does not make any representation whether any tax consequences may arise from purchasing holding inf. risks from third parties inf tokens are blockchain- based utility tokens. the security, transferability, storage, and accessibility blockchain utility tokens depends factors outside infinitus's control, such the security, stability, and suitability the underlying blockchain and its ecosystem. infinitus does not represent otherwise assure that can prevent such external factors from having any direct indirect adverse impact any inf tokens and the inf platform. the risks associated with building project dependent unproven third-party technology (aura) which still underdevelopment. any development and tests conducted alternative platforms such eos and bluezelle are still its initial stage and may subjected change. the worst case scenario, private data stored the inf network nodes may potentially lost destroyed due third party platforms and blockchains unsuccessful deployments executions and/or any other affiliated technology malfunctions and failures which are beyond inf's control and management. persons intending purchase inf tokens should note that adverse events caused such external factors may results the loss some all inf tokens purchased. such loss may irreversible. infinitus not responsible for taking steps retrieve this loss. risks purchasing inf infinitus cannot and does not guarantee otherwise assure that there are risks relation your purchase inf. the purchase inf may, depending the manner which the relevant purchase effected, involve third parties external platforms (e.g., wallets). the involvement such parties platforms may introduce risks that would not otherwise present, such misconduct fraud the third party, your failure receive inf upon duly making payment because third-party wallet's incompatibility with inf. infinitus not responsible for any risks arising due the involvement third parties, including the risk not receiving (or subsequently losing) any all inf you attempt (or successfully) purchase. important notices the whitepaper has been drafted accordance with the gbx token sale rules. the gbx market not 'regulated market' defined under the directive markets financial instruments //ec. gbx limited not responsible for the content accuracy the whitepaper the conduct the token sale any way, and that neither admission nor the approval the whitepaper pursuant the token sale rules constitutes warranty representation gbx limited the competence the applicant, its service providers any other party connected with the project, the token the token sale, the adequacy information contained the whitepaper the suitability the project the token for any purpose. gbx limited will not liable for any false, inaccurate, inappropriate incomplete information contained the whitepaper. consents have been obtained from persons who have provided any reports statements which are included the whitepaper which statements the whitepaper are based. the issuer new entity and has operating history