ink whitepaper ink labs foundation version:.,// ink whitepaper what ink? overview ink decentralised solution harnessing the combined power consortium blockchain, public blockchain and cross-chain interoperability for the global creative industry. consists sovereign consortium blockchain for use cases any region infrastructure for decentralised content production token issuance, applications and ecosystem based globally renowned public blockchain intellectual property asset exchange cross-chain protocol, technical and business solution for industrial implementation the vision ink provide sovereign consortium blockchain different use cases, redefine roles, content and behaviours within the industry, and build for the creative industry decentralised infrastructure which various applications can created and correlate each other under one highly integrated system. based credible and stable public blockchain, intellectual property asset exchange built trusted corridor for content-to-liquid-asset conversion and token issuance, making integrated ecosystem. furthermore, defining and developing the cross-chain protocol enables value and information flow freely between public blockchain and consortium blockchain. ink whitepaper why need ink? pressing issues the creative industry and urgent demand for cross-chain protocol the chemistry "original content (ip) internet" has led continual innovation and advancement the industry model. the scale the creative industry has been consistently growing. along the way, however, also brings many problems and challenges. the creative industry industry with long history. also industry that highly vibrant and innovative, and industry with endless breakthroughs. "the world flat". driven internet technology and ideology, the creative industry has undergone tremendous changes. traditional industry models were shattered one after another. new digital contents digital models, such internet literature, short video clips, live streaming and paid knowledge emerged continuously. this new era internet technology, every person can content producer, discoverer, disseminator and consumer. along with these breakthroughs and innovations, the market the creative industry has grown tremendously. the values quality ips are utilised and amplified much greater extent. from one quality ip, possible construct enormous, composite and diversified economic system comprising movies, copyright sales, advertisements, games and other derivatives. the total market potential can several billion dollars. the creative industry undoubtedly gigantic and promising global market that will maintain its strong growth society and technology continue advancing. however, the rapid advancement also brings inevitable challenges the field. due outdated basic infrastructure, severe information asymmetry and centralized governance doctrine, the creative industry has been confronting many problems, unclear ownership due unclear ownership, many quality and content are not able incubate effectively. disputes are frequent. inadequate data authenticity such inadequacy often leads unfair distribution proceeds, which greatly frustrates the motivation and creativity quality content creators. centralised governance publishing, distribution and platform management ink whitepaper centralised governance results various problems, such inferior contents being marketed premium products, unfair allocation resources, hostile environment for young creators, and quality content and being neglected. immense difficulty convert original contents liquid assets majority the creators need faster and more direct channel convert their work into cash cash equivalent. inadequacy ecosystem and infrastructure the industry due this problem, there has been inadequate exploitation, creation and liquidity value the creative industry. except for small fraction top-notched ips, many quality content the upper intermediate category are only utilized once and the utilization tends very elementary. such, their potentials are not fully tapped into. the above problems often manifest into two major complaints: unfair distribution proceeds and irrational operation the system. ink seeks solve these problems. through our development the blockchain-based content generation, discovery, circulation, consumption, investment, commercialization system and related ecosystem, can effectively tap into the various advantages the blockchain technology. our platform will ensure fairer distribution proceeds and more rational operation the industry. ultimately, will provide new, comprehensive and capacious ecosystem for all original contents. the booming the blockchain sector has created both prosperity and many isolated islands value and data. cross-chain integration has become obvious and imminent challenge that need take head on. the age the world wide web, there only one thin layer protocols through which people make compromises and reach limited agreements. tremendous amount applications, the other hand, can actually built tackle most common issues our society. have witnessed unified solutions for general needs, such those from microsoft, amazon, uber and google. these giants, however, has also created overwhelming monopoly the web and even somewhat invasive ideal for all subscribe. ink whitepaper the age the blockchain, every person able devise unique protocol and shoot for the stars. this reflects world individualism and diversity. blockchain has made co-existence different values reality. the early stage blockchain, major development work blockchain technology the architecture layer. protocol bridging different blockchains great value. only when cross-chain protocol between major blockchain networks established, super applications can developed. this marks the dawn blockchain, and cross-chain protocol will the beginning this evolution. the roadmap ink, the flow value and information crosschain indispensable feature. the other hand, team ink also seeks provide our own solution crosschain well structures that can integrate with enterprise solutions. see this our contribution and deep appreciation the blockchain community. also paves the path for more business opportunities the future. ink whitepaper how does ink solve problems? part trusted consortium blockchain solution for regional use cases and the infrastructure for decentralised creative industry trusted consortium blockchain solution for regional use cases technical selection ink: public blockchain vs. sovereign consortium blockchain recent years, blockchain technology has attracted exponentially growing attention the field. this trend owing both the increasingly powerful decentralised general computing capability the public blockchain, and the introduction and application the technology the professionals the circle traditional mainstream technology. cryptocurrency, spearheaded bitcoin, provided the experimental prototype for the principle the blockchain technology. smart contract platform, spearheaded ethereum, extends the application blockchain. permissioned consortium blockchain, spearheaded hyperledger fabric, opened completely new arena for the application blockchain enterprise. the blockchain longer mere toy for the geeks. can integrate with mainstream technology system and make its way into enterprise applications. hyperledger fabric, for example, realized the identity management mechanism needed under enterprise scenarios. also substantially integrates the current technological advancement the fields distributed computing and security, and provides series service and security enhancement for the distributed ledger platform. projects application blockchain often face the problem choosing the platform technology. leveraging public chain relatively simple. encouraging the participants maintain the blockchain through incentive mechanism, endowed with conducive ecosystem. however, often suffers from poor performance and lack permission control, and the information completely visible the public. the permissioned consortium blockchain more applied the context business consortium, assuming that there are certain trust premise and interest constraints among the participating parties. the permissioned consortium blockchain tends compromise the design decentralization and accessibility, exchange for improvement performance and safety. the legacy rules the global creative industry are complicated. collection social and technical factors must considered, including law, culture, region, industry, extensibility, security and stability. establish cross-region blockchain, ink must make sure all the criteria below are met: regional differences law, regulation, and culture ink whitepaper special requirements for industry and business scenarios optimised governance mechanism multi-centre collaboration performance requirements for throughput, latency and others accessibility security and privacy system adjustment and failure recovery after going through these complex factors, found that the existing single-type blockchain platform cannot meet the above requirements simultaneously. the question for longer "selecting appropriate public consortium blockchain solution", but "designing completely new set technical solution light the stringent requirements support the business scenario". ink has put forward the concept "trusted sovereign consortium blockchain for regional use cases", which essentially consortium blockchain that operates within specific sovereignty. the structure makes easier deal with problems originating from different legal frameworks and different regulatory policies. the same time, ink focuses the creative industry. the content has strong cultural attribute. due difference race, history and geographical locations, different parts the world have markedly different and cultures. therefore, consortium blockchain for specific area and culture will enjoy native and inherent convenience when providing industrial services. despite its native advantages, the "trusted sovereign consortium blockchain for regional use cases "is not local, simple and isolated solution design. part the ink solution that comprehensive, systematic and well-conceived. integrates with the "qtum-based intellectual property asset exchange, and its corresponding token and ecosystem "and "ink cross-chain protocol" form complete solution. the last two will covered the later sections this paper. major technical breakthroughs achieving the sovereign consortium blockchain ink ink's sovereign consortium blockchain collection high-performance permissioned blockchain solutions. its underlying technical framework follows the standards the hyperledger project. aiming generic application scenarios specific geographical region (such the creative industry china), comes with series customisation and enhancement. the ink consortium blockchain also uses the digital certificate mechanism recommended the industry realise identification and permission control. the node implements the pki service. can issue identity certificate advance, send the corresponding entities. the same time, the ink consortium blockchain can control different entities' access level data and resources through fine-grained policy. this solves the question, "when can someone take particular action under particular condition". ink whitepaper ink account ink consortium blockchain has designed and implemented account system that can cater large number anonymous users (from public blockchain users, from consumers who are covered the sovereign consortium blockchain) manage digital assets and interact directly with the consortium blockchain. this account system called ink account. users can generate their own key pairs, through which they can acquire their individual ink account and the corresponding address. the same account can hold multiple token assets initiate transactions (either sending tokens invoking the chaincode, aka smart contract fabric) the name the account under given permission. the settings for the account are pluggable, and different sovereign consortium blockchains can choose whether enable the ink account well which account algorithm (in accordance with bitcoins and qtum, accordance with ethereum) use. addition, ink consortium blockchain has developed asset system chaincode (ascc) manage the token assets the chain. the chaincode invocation request initiated the name ink account requires meet the specified rules signature combination (depending the degree openness the consortium blockchain, can batch authorisation shared authorisation), and the requester should use the ink account key sign the invocation contents, including channel, chaincodespec, transaction counter (for anti-replay attack), etc. the signature will verified peers. transfer set ink account seeks make for the lack token and transferring capability fabric. question often raised "why don't directly develop account and token mechanism based chaincode?" the key the question largely related the limitations chaincode. addition the imperfection current cross-chaincode invocation support, another problem that needs highlighted the verification mechanism based read-write set and multi-version concurrency control (mvcc). specifically, the basic capabilities provided the chaincode fabric are read and write the world state. the endorser nodes simulate the execution the transaction and returns the read-write set the result. after the recent transactions are ordered order nodes, the committer nodes need verify the transaction batch based mvcc. transaction performs write operation the verification process, the current version all states the read set must consistent with the version when executing the endorsement. otherwise, the transaction will marked illegal. this concession consistency. typical consequence that for basic operation token transfer, one account can operated only once the transactions one block. ink whitepaper tackle the above problems, the ink consortium blockchain has designed and implemented another type state operation mode for the ink account and token assets besides the read-write set. the mode called transfer set, and used record the transfer operations between accounts. transfer operations only cause the increase decrease the corresponding account values, thus the validation transfer set not strict that read-write set. based the transfer set, the ink consortium blockchain supports multiple transfer-in transfer-out transactions the same account the same batch transactions. for chaincode development, number interfaces have been added chaincodestubinterface, allowing developers use these capabilities flexibly. sdk and blockchain-as-a-service platform the ink sovereign consortium blockchain will provide gprc api applications, and sdk that encapsulates api for use the applications. through sdk, applications can access wide array resources the ink sovereign consortium blockchain network, such accounts, transactions, ledgers, smart contracts, events (generated smart contracts and block commitments), etc. the sdk will also provide functions related the creative industry, including registration, verification, etc. sdk will include both nodejs and python versions the early stage. for developers and testers blockchain community applications, build distributed ledger solution not easy task. requires both hardware infrastructure and full range development and operation management. ink sovereign consortium blockchain will release fully open blockchain-as-a-service (baas) platform, which will provide one-stop functions including the establishment test network, visualization distributed ledger content, smart contract development and testing, network monitoring and analysis, etc. the blockchain simulation environment provided the baas platform will very close real-world application scenarios that developers can easily migrate their fully-tested business models the main chain. addition, the ink sovereign consortium blockchain inherits all the superior features hyperledger fabric, and carries series innovative designs, such incentive mechanisms, off-chain content storage improvement, well cross-chain interoperability, which will elaborated the following section. short, complete, robust and well-designed permissioned consortium blockchain solution. infrastructure for decentralised creative industry "infrastructure for decentralised content production "is set industry blockchain infrastructure built the ink consortium blockchain. provides range specific capabilities for content production, enabling people build various powerful and decentralised applications based this infrastructure. ink whitepaper basis for changes due the structure blockchain, smart contract and their related unique ecosystem, decentralised applications set such basis can tap into smart contact, thereby acquiring the capability define rules and subsequently changing the ways that proceeds being distributed. the changes redefine roles. decentralised model redefines roles the creative industry. many redundant intermediate roles will cease exist significantly weakened. only two prominent roles remain the industry, the creator and the end user. the proceeds are also redistributed rationally between these new roles. redefine contents. through smart economic model and rules, free contents will largely eliminated. all content behaviours will redefined economic behaviours. consumption contents will done through either payment recipient fees-- even minimal fee. free contents are therefore eliminated. this will also eliminate spam contents from the ecosystem. redefine behaviours. all user actions including likes, comments, reposts and other behaviours will cast effects the content two aspects. from the perspective content, will either enhance weaken the dissemination content, thus creating new, decentralised content dissemination and distribution mechanism. from the perspective users, behaviours will have effects themselves. will either increase decrease the user's score connoisseurship. endorsement node the consensus system plays important role this process. behind those behaviours are corresponding economic mechanism. for example, positive contributions will rewarded while negative meaningless interaction will result certain cost. basic features and services content ownership verification. based tamperproof and timestamp features blockchain, can provide services ownership statement and right protection. optional real-name identity. provide basic services real-name system (including identity authentication, confirmation services, etc.). for different content applications scenarios, users can choose between real name and pseudo name. however, not choosing this option will result different levels authority restriction. consensus-based content review and filtering mechanism. content auditing and filtering exists primarily the endorsement process the consensus protocol, providing semi-open capability that allows the endorsement node deploy rules and strategies specific content auditing and filtering controlled and auditable manner. anti-spam mechanism. through the redefinition content, free contents are ink whitepaper eliminated. all interactions with the contents are economic behaviours. this will naturally eliminate piracy, plagiarism and any spam involving pornography, gambling, violence and drug abuse. vision based changes made established rules and provisions that enable technology. anticipate see creative industry where, decentralised ecosystem, "discovery" and "dissemination" contents are done mainly users and rules based credible smart contracts. the system driven transparent and redesigned proceeds distribution mechanism, will operate rational manner. all intermediate processes will replaced large number automated smart contracts, and efficiency will drastically improved. redundant interference and loss value, the other hand, will eliminated. artists and creators can henceforth focus creating contents, and strive for selffulfilment and self-expression. the value the creation will returned the creator reasonable way. ink whitepaper how does ink solve the problems? part qtum-based intellectual property (ip) asset exchange and corresponding tokens and ecosystem intellectual property (ip) asset exchange qtum-based intellectual property exchange important industry-level public blockchain application. mainly includes the following parts, which jointly support the business system liquidity and exchange intellectual property: talent scout system original content industry film and television organization talent scout team intelligent talent scout service commercialization team high-quality content monitoring and exploitation intellectual property exchange smart contract based proceeds publishing organization developers related products ...... sovereign consortium blockchain trusted public blockchain (qtum) originator investor original content platform original content consumer fans the content talent scout system. its core value efficiently explore high-potential original content through technical means and experts. the system consists two parts, talent scout team and intelligent talent scout service. the former utilises the experience industry experts, and the latter takes advantage technology and big data. the scout team and the scout service will coordinate with each other. intellectual property asset exchange. realises securitized transaction intellectual property through the use tokens; commercialisation and proceeds system. includes the commercialisation team the ink business system and proceeds mechanism based smart contracts. the commercialisation team have two functions. first, supervise all the incubations and transactions intellectual properties the intellectual property asset exchange. this serves protect the ecosystem and the interest the investors. second, promote, explore and provide service the commercialisation intellectual property. proceeds mechanism realised based smart contracts. these smart contracts have been designed and completed during the phase intellectual property tokenisation. ink whitepaper other relevant participants, including content platforms, artists and creators, investors, consumers/fans, film studios, stations, publishing houses, and manufacturers the blockchain and off the blockchain. core value intellectual property asset exchange realize securitized transactions intellectual properties become key qtum-based virtual space and linkage that connects various sovereign consortium blockchains, well their applications, original content, and upstream and downstream industry. connecting with the sovereign consortium blockchain and its applications, the platform able integrate investment reading other similar content consumption scenarios. can therefore connect quality with broad, highly relevant and highly professional investor group. with blockchain technology and smart contracts, the platform will able realise mass-scale cutting ownership, transfer process tracing and proceeds management. investment intellectual property can therefore done small amount, and accessible and affordable common people. the advantages are follows: the content can converted liquid asset and the content creator can receive the proceeds earlier stage. with broad investment from the public, high-quality content can stand out more easily. moreover, funds and digital assets will better integrated. more conducive for long-term and diversified commercialisation. working mechanism the asset exchange originator assets exchange platform ink whitepaper original content apply for logging review committee approved tokenization service team disapproved notes original content notes token plan and issuing open transaction rules incubation, assets transaction and reward mechanism smart contract generation rejected smart contract originator proceeds and content incubation deposit successful token issuing successful marketization cultural assets exchange platform smart contract open transaction smart contract failed rewards earned deposit entered into the ledger failed smart contract consume trade premium return originator content incubation deposit investor smart contract content incubation transaction smart contract content incubation profit-sharing proceeds incubation transaction the graph above illustrates the core working mechanism and the flow the intellectual property asset exchange. includes the following processes: application for original content launched the exchange. weakly centralized review will conducted the launch. the work will carried out the "review committee". the current plan select the committee members from ink's management team well from members talent scouts and investors. preparation for intellectual property tokenisation will accomplished through the collaboration between the "tokenisation service team" and the content creator. service team comprises two groups people. one group are the permanent staffs the platform. the other group are volunteers from the ink community and investors. intellectual property tokens issued. transaction through intellectual property asset exchange. intellectual property incubation transaction and proceeds distribution. token and ecosystem ink will issue ink token based qtum. ink defined utility token. essential economic medium, ink will used under many scenarios, such all economic behaviours the creative industry, key ink whitepaper applications and services the ink ecosystem including registration verification, assets exchange, etc. the total number ink one billion. other considerations and possibilities for business operation global ecosystem ink employs sovereign consortium blockchain for specific culture circle its carrier industry applications. provides services the creative industry china, korea, thailand and other countries, and offers multiple sovereign consortium blockchains. the same time, ink open system. the us, europe and other regions, ink endeavours collaborate with other blockchain solution providers the creative industry establish "global ecosystem". more possibilities for intellectual property asset exchange ink has many more considerations the business operation the intellectual property asset exchange. first, the design ink will feature "primary and secondary sections". when original content launched the platform for the first time, will evaluated based various factors such quality, commercial value and audience size decide which section will land. second, consider designing "promote/demote board" and "exit mechanism". according the performance transactions and market feedbacks, specific can promoted demoted the other section exit the board according set rules. addition, considering the different legislation and compliance different regions and relevance the traditional financial system, london, tokyo seoul would more viable choices for the location the exchange. ink whitepaper how does ink solve the problems? part -ink cross-chain protocol ink cross-chain protocol one ink's major contributions the blockchain world. plays important role the current plan ink. for consortium blockchain distributed under various sovereignty frameworks, the capability cross-chain interaction key realise the internet value. the public blockchain (qtum), sitting the very heart the ink ecosystem, becomes natural bridge for transfer value and information. the early days, side-chain solutions such two-way peg had contributed extending the scalability bitcoin. later, smart contract platforms such ethereum provided more possibilities cross-chain interaction scenarios and protocols. some delicate projects like btc relay enabled ethereum dapp developers verify the bitcoin network activities via smart contract. other projects aimed realise the "internet blockchains". for instance, cosmos and polkadot are seeking realise cross-chain value transfer global consensus through hub relay mechanism. till date, most efforts made cross-chain interoperability either remain the early stage are restricted the domain public blockchain. the latter due the immature development consortium blockchain there has been lack conducive environment for exploration and testing. ink sovereign consortium blockchain prospectively extend fabric support multi-asset account and token, the problems mentioned above will solved. devote realise the interoperability ink sovereign consortium blockchain and qtum key process for the ink ecosystem thrive. the realisation interoperability will benefit from the following two aspects. first, highly versatile general smart contract platforms, both the ethereum virtual machine (evm) supported qtum and the chaincode supported ink consortium blockchain have flexible and powerful capability expression. second, ink consortium blockchain itself provides and also relies the identity management and access control mechanisms. therefore, cross-chain operations can rely multiple trustworthy endorsers just the transactions do, without extra premise the trust the consortium system. the side the consortium blockchain, the whole consensus process decoupled into transaction endorsement, ordering and validation. the operation performed different network nodes. further, introduce cross-chain relay endorsement. the network nodes charge cross-chain relay need independently query and verify the cross-chain operation event qtum well the corresponding state value (and ensure fair finality). they are also responsible sign the legal cross-chain operation ink whitepaper proposals the consortium blockchain side. just the transaction endorsement policy set for instantiated chaincode, relay endorsement policy also needed for cross-chain operations. specifically, signaturepolicy structure can applied specify the valid relay endorsements, forming any complicated signature combination. for instance, "or ('org.member', and ('org.member', 'org.member')" indicates that the condition the policy can met with the signature org member with the signatures both org and org members. the qtum side, the consortium blockchain need cross-chain interoperability will registered via smart contract. basic information and the current relay endorsement policy are recorded, and the triggering the contract terms also needs satisfy the specified signature combination. use cases first show the most direct use case. for number asset token issued based ink-standard qtum, token holder can transfer part the tokens safely certain ink sovereign consortium blockchain through cross-chain protocol, order receive specific services the sovereign consortium blockchain. the part tokens the consortium blockchain can circulate freely means direct transfer triggering smart contracts. users can transfer the tokens back qtum securely when needed. there are more possible use cases ink cross-chain protocol, any stretch the imagination. includes, but not limited to, cross-chain oracle and contract interoperability. the cross-chain protocols will abstracted the sdk and baas service ink sovereign consortium blockchain. developers can therefore enjoy the advantages cross-chain operations without diving into the underlying details. ink will continue develop advanced cross-chain solutions with less premise trust, and keep exploring cooperation with other major cross-chain projects. ink whitepaper economic model community application support, content ecosystem incentive, token retrieving mechanism ink will issue ink tokens based the qrc- standard qtum blockchain. ink defined utility token. essential economic medium, ink will used under many scenarios, such all economic behaviours the creative industry, key applications and services ink ecosystem including registration verification, asset exchange, etc. the total number ink one billion. they will distributed follows, token distribution scheme content ecosystem incentives community construction token issue founding team and early contributors million (%) for issuing tokens. the income will used support further development ink, including technology development, market expansion, legal advice, investment, etc. million (%) for founding team and early contributors who provided resources and technological support ink very early stage. million (%) for content ecosystem incentive. million (%) for community constructions, including branding, application support, ecosystem construction, etc. community application support ink whitepaper large proportion the funds raised from issuing tokens will used support and incubate decentralised content applications and platforms provide diversified content and use cases artists and end users. once the construction the fundamental facilities complete, the ink team will also take part the development the applications. important economic policy give support community application the form funds and capability. such policy will lead real prosperity the system. content ecosystem incentive mechanism this another important economic approach. the system will incentivize positive contributions the ecosystem awarding tokens. these contributions include content production, commenting, reposting, exchange flow, etc. token retrieving mechanism under the content consumption scenario, the future, ips will mostly issue their own tokens based ink. upon successful issuance, the system will keep only small portion commission and thereafter destroy the tokens gained from the proceeds. this equivalent ink charging fee for using the system and then return the benefit ink holders. ink whitepaper management management structure and risk control management structure decentralised international ecosystem and community, ink will establish non-profit organisation, ink labs foundation ltd, singapore. the organisation will govern the technology development and operation the ink project, well manage and safeguard the digital assets collected for the beneficiaries, the token holders. ink labs foundation ltd has the following management structure: one 'enforcer' responsible for ensuring that the council acts accordance with the foundation's objects and rules. one 'foundation council' the council the body responsible for the day-to-day administration the foundation accordance with the foundation's objects and rules. four 'working groups' under the four foundation council members for each department ink labs foundation's operation. technical steering group, led chief scientist the foundation, overseeing the technology development and managing developers' community. investment group, led council member, responsible for the sustainability and longevity ink projects making investments, mainly the works artists and creators. risk-control group, led council member who ensures the foundation legally and financially sound. operation group, led council member who manages the secretary office and the marketing unit for promoting ink's philosophy. ink whitepaper risk control transaction security through consensus protocol, tamperproof, digital signature, encrypted wallets and other safety measures, ink ensures the safety end users' accounts and funds. asset exchange provides the highest level asset safeguarding technology the financial industry. data, application and trading are integrated into blockchain cloud, forming safe network environment. auditing ink council maintains the highest standard accountability and business ethic. compliance with laws and regulations its jurisdiction. providing transparent financial management; ink council will invite world-renowned audit house review and evaluate ink labs foundation's financial information. ink council will invite world-renowned third-party organisation audit and evaluate codes. ink will release the result these audit and evaluation reports with reservation. team ink ink whitepaper walter the ceo, president and managing partner forbesfone (the biggest walter komarek telecom company malta). also the ceo angel investment. walter co-founder well-versed figure the european telecom market. master business continent strategy and business development. graduated from the university salzburg and fluent german, english and russian. yuu employee recruit. active promoter blockchain tsukikawa yuu co-founder japan development japan. early investor bitcoin, maintains long-term cooperation with the largest cryptocurrency trading platform zaif japan and provides consultancy service. received double degrees law from waseda university and international relations from peking university previously worked for hntv show host "up and up, young man!" and "day day up". she blockchain industry enthusiast, early adopter cryptocurrency, and cross-cultural communication ambassador. she studied peking university and received bachelor's and master's degrees choi june chinese language and literature. co-founder with strong communication skills and outstanding contributions cross-cultural korean communication and numerous international activities, she received the incheon mayor korea award. she has planned various global projects and engaged online and offline marketing. she familiar with related business such online and offline marketing promotion and business cooperation. paul sokolov core developer russia paul experienced product manager who spearheaded changelley, one the biggest integrated crypto exchanges the world with millions users. leads guarda, multi-currency crypto exchange mobile wallet. also developed chainthis.com, blockchain solution for memo and oracle machine. alexandr alex experienced backend developer. specializes building web wallets dorozhkin and block explorer for blockchain projects. also developed rpc protocols core developer multiple currencies while working various exchange api and markets data. russia roman lapin core developer roman young and highly creative coder. runs mining pool for over million active miners. russia alexey kalina core developer russia alexey full stack developer. has built spv cryptocurrency library for several coins. expert developing smart contract ethereum. also developed api and provided data analysis service for more than crypto exchanges. ink whitepaper investors and supporters sergei the managing partner icoshark hedge fund. also the sergei chmel founder genepi cosmetics, investment consultant private equity fund, and co-founder and ceo virtown.ru. alex kotenko alex the cto blockex. also the founder the bitcoin payment system, xbterminal ltd. bruce the director boston multi family office, head strategy bruce elliot cube limited and head marketing and business development microgaming systems, ltd. cameron serial entrepreneur, and the co-founder and ceo cameron chell business instincts group. also the co-founder slyce, draganfly innovations, raptor rig, coldbore technologies, urthecast, asp industry consortium, engyro and futurelink. stefano the chief investment officer scal and the chief technology officer brilliant already ltd. his work experience include stefano schiavi web software developer dev bootcamp, options trader violet jade holdings. studied law the university bologna, and proficient algorithms (design and analysis). legal team adam associate advocates, the most experienced law form blockchain and cryptocurrency space. adam kilip adam's practice encompasses broad range corporate, commercial and regulatory work including corporate acquisitions and sales, banking and finance transactions, shareholder disputes and insolvency matters. aki corsoni-husain managing partner harneys law, cyprus ink roadmap ink whitepaper april, ziggurat tech, member ink council, received seed-round investment. october, ziggurat asset management platform (ziggurat.cn) based blockchain was launched. december, the number original works registered ziggurat.cn surpassed more than partnerships were formed with ziggurat. march, founding team ink established the core mission and roadmap. april, founding team ink received million-dollar angel investment, and the project entered new phase. may, founding team ink were invited the big data expo and signed strategic partnership with guiyang government china. june, the official ink team was established, with experts blockchain, incubation, management and operation. july, team ink received multimillion-dollar pre-a round financing. september, ink sovereign consortium blockchain entered testing phase. october, whitepaper ink officially released november, ink complete international roadshow. december, ink sovereign consortium blockchain officially online. january, release ink blockchain explorer. february, release official ink wallet. march, beta launch asset exchange. april, ink cross-chain protocol closed test ink whitepaper april, inkubator crowd-funding platform (beta version) went online may, inkubator exchange platform (beta version) went online may, inkchain sovereignty alliance chain reached tendermint agreement may, inkchain explorer (beta version) went online may, ink blockchain developer service baas platform--inkstone beta went online june, inkchain decentration dapp--inkwork beta went online june, inkdappstore went online july, inkubator crowd-funding platform completed its first crowd-funding aug, inkubator exchange platform opened iptoken transactions officially the future the future will constantly develop new applications build blockchain ecology epilogue ink protocol defined ledger where artists register works and generate businesses, exchange where arts can incubated and thrive, and ecosystem that advocates original content. abstract thinking ignites evolution mankind. ink aspires serve the creators' best interest and guard their intellectual properties. the finishing line marks brand-new start! ink whitepaper learn more, please visit the following: official website: https://ink.one e-mail: inklabsfoundation@yahoo.com ink community: telegram (global):https://t.me/joinchat/ghisacwnbtnwiyiq telegram (korea): https://t.me/joinchat/ftuoadnfyzumpq_oog kakaotalk (ink korea):https://open.kakao.com/o/gyyhhpb line (ink japan): read more twitter:https://twitter.com/inklabsfound facebook:https://www.facebook.com/inklabs.found. linkedin:https://www.linkedin.com/company// medium:https://medium.com/@inklabsfoundation/ bitcoin talk: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/inklabsfoundation/ wechat official account:inklabsfoundation for more information and the updating the whitepaper ink. please follow us!