decentralized reputation and payments for peer-to-peer marketplaces listia inc. ink protocol whitepaper, public draft february https://paywithink.com summary ink protocol developed listia, marketplace for buying and selling used goods online. launched the marketplace now has over million registered users who have exchanged million items. the company has raised $mm venture capital from prominent investors. listia will introducing new decentralized reputation and payment system called ink protocol ("ink"), which powered the ethereum blockchain and xnk, erc compatible token. ink helps users safely send and receive payments marketplaces while earning public reputation for every completed transaction. greatly enhances the buying/selling process with decentralized reputation and feedback ratings, decentralized escrow for secure payments, third party dispute resolution, and very low transaction costs. ink can integrated into new existing marketplaces and can also used marketplaces that don't directly handle payments (eg, craigslist and facebook marketplace). for sellers, accepting ink builds their public reputation, which allows them start selling quickly new marketplaces without needing build reputation from scratch. buyers can view any seller's reputation across multiple marketplaces and confidently pay using either automated human-mediated escrow contracts. payments can made and received natively using the ink protocol token (xnk) converted easily and from fiat currencies like usd. ink will also become the new reputation and payment system within the listia marketplace. listia currently uses centralized virtual currency called listia credits for all transactions. existing users with listia credits will have their balances converted xnk, providing ink with tremendous boost for initial usage, stability, and network effects day one. additionally, listia will create standalone payments app users local marketplaces such craigslist and facebook marketplace can build reputation and start using ink right away. with large scale adoption and apps that can used multiple marketplaces launch, ink well situated become the preferred reputation and payment system all marketplace transactions. history vision about listia the listia marketplace (https://www.listia.com) was founded and launched "marketplace for free stuff" listia's vision create safe, easy, and rewarding way for people get rid the unused stuff lying around their homes. today, the community consists million registered users who have exchanged million items through the listia mobile apps and website. listia has raised over venture capital from prominent silicon valley vcs and investors including general catalyst, az, combinator, angel, founder collective, max levchin, naval ravikant and others. listia unique that users the marketplace buy and sell goods exclusively using centralized virtual currency the company created called "listia credits" which have been circulation since launch. users earn credits selling things the marketplace and then spend those credits buy other things the marketplace. credits can also earned through various activities such interacting with listings other users, inviting friends, completing special offers and goals, they can purchased directly from listia. today's listia credits works today, there are couple key reasons why the listia marketplace works better with the credit system than would with real money. for example: used goods are hard value when listia was created, marketplaces like craigslist and ebay were already huge, yet people the u.s. still have over unused goods their homes. seemed that unless item was worth lot money, people had little incentive price and list those items for sale. listia invented new ways motivate people start selling these types items creating marketplace that fun, easy use and rewarding non-monetary ways. price was longer something that held people back, and users love buying and selling their used items using credits. low transaction fees people who sell items some the most popular marketplaces generally pay upwards transaction fees. portion the fee simply how the business makes money, but large part the fee there because transferring real money between people expensive process due credit card and bank fees, escrow services, chargebacks, fraud, etc. listia's credit system allows users trade items fee-free and thus extract more value than existing marketplaces. this especially important with lower priced items where fees effectively kill any incentive sell the first place. these two reasons alone have been enough support over million items exchanged since however, with technology constantly evolving, and the advent smart contracts and decentralized currencies, listia now has chance revolutionize not only the listia marketplace, but all third party marketplaces establishing decentralized payment system specifically designed handle trustless transactions, reputation, and feedback. introducing new decentralized reputation and payment system listia credits have worked exceptionally well over the past years, albeit with plenty ups and downs along the way. now, learning from years running marketplace and virtual currency, listia introducing new decentralized cryptocurrency and reputation system called ink protocol ("ink"), which powered the ethereum blockchain and xnk, erc compatible token. ink designed specifically for marketplace transactions where trust between the buyer and seller may limited. ink will not only useful listia, but will also serve fully decentralized reputation and payment system for potentially any transaction, independent marketplace. ink has the power create, disrupt, and adapt the world's largest online marketplaces publicly sharing reputation information the ethereum blockchain. due its decentralized nature, sellers can bring their reputation with them sell multiple marketplaces the same time move from one another without having rebuild their reputation. buyers can also view any seller's reputation and confidently pay using escrow contracts with optional third party mediation. payments can made directly using xnk converted and from fiat currencies like usd. support these use cases, ink will natively solve some the most common and difficult issues with transacting pure marketplace. with these features, ink has big advantage over not only listia credits, but also traditional forms payment: decentralized reputation and feedback decentralized escrow third party dispute resolution very low transaction costs it's important note that most current marketplaces such listia were never built decentralized. so, while ink supports all these features, individual marketplaces have the freedom customize their integration fit their community. for example, ink still allows listia's customer support team provide extra layer security and trust mediating every dispute the third party. each marketplace that uses ink can establish their own rules and implement dispute resolution they see fit, and users who use ink for transactions unmanaged marketplaces like craigslist and facebook marketplace are free choose their own third party mediator, automated contract, none all. timeline june listia inc. founded and receives funding from combinator august the listia marketplace launches october listia announces angel round april listia launches ios app, announces $.mm seed round led january listia reaches registered users, launches android app january listia partners with best buy power the listia rewards store october listia announces $mm series led general catalyst february listia allows bitcoin bought and sold the marketplace november listia first experiments with creating cryptocurrency december listia launches the credit exchange, allowing sellers earn usd april listia launches credits cash feature june listia launches listia plus september listia integrates shipping labels and tracking may listia hits registered users june listia begins work ink protocol design and whitepaper september listia publishes website and ink protocol whitepaper november listia introduces the ink protocol project publicly january ink protocol public launch and token distribution event february ink protocol network goes live and ready for everyone use! february listia.com xnk integration goes live! ink pay app and developer portal launch launch reputation aggregators and work marketplace partnerships ink protocol services, integration into existing marketplaces, developer community immediate value, growth and network effects unlike other recently launched cryptocurrencies, listia has large community users who have already generated millions dollars revenue using existing virtual currency called listia credits. ink will fully integrated into the listia marketplace and replace listia credits, resulting widespread adoption and immediate usage ink launch. with the current install base, that will mean millions real user wallets can live and there will enough transaction liquidity start using ink intended from day one. launch, the listia marketplace will able jumpstart ink via millions buyers with xnk balances, sellers with feedback and reputation, and also kick off the network effects way that most new cryptocurrencies could never do. ink pay app and ink protocol other marketplaces top integrating with the listia marketplace, listia will also create standalone payments app, called ink pay, users other marketplaces such craigslist can build reputation and start using ink immediately without having wait for those marketplaces integrate. the app designed obscure everything related blockchain and cryptocurrencies, anyone can start using it. buyers and sellers would simply meet and send payment instantly, while generating publicly accessible reputation for each other. more people start using ink, their reputation and transaction history start grow and each additional completed transaction adds their trustworthiness. this public history, stored the ethereum blockchain, incredibly useful person-to-person transactions establish trust and credibility. being able move around and carry your reputation with you any other marketplace will huge benefit, any marketplace that supports ink natively can easily improve the trust and success rate their communities. ink also has the power disrupt marketplaces that choose not share reputation and feedback the blockchain and attempt monopolize the data. new marketplaces can quickly launch with instant trust and feedback place, while adding the rapidly growing public feedback and transaction history. eventually, trusted users will begin see every completed transaction online something that they should rewarded and credited for, and marketplaces that refuse give them public credit the blockchain for their activity will viewed incomplete unsatisfying experiences. users will migrate marketplaces that give them public recognition, they can get better user experiences across every marketplace once. the ink protocol token (xnk) and features purpose ink decentralized reputation and payment system powered the ethereum blockchain and native erc utility token called ink protocol token (xnk). designed specifically for marketplace transactions where trust between the buyer and seller may limited. ink greatly enhances the buying/selling process helping users safely send and receive payments marketplaces while earning publicly viewable reputation. payments within ink are sent using xnk, but users can also convert and from other cryptocurrencies fiat currencies such usd. token implementation ink implemented ethereum smart contract and includes erc compatible utility token, called xnk, which used for payments. xnk general purpose cryptocurrency that is: fixed supply fractionally divisible non-inflationary fungible and transferable smart contract features ink solves some the most common and difficult issues with buying and selling marketplace through the following features: decentralized feedback after every completed ink transaction, the buyer can leave feedback for the seller about that transaction. ink does not support leaving feedback for buyer, this typically not useful nor actionable since sellers usually cannot choose their buyers. feedback consists rating and comment about the transaction, which are stored data the ethereum blockchain. the feedback entry references the the transaction that the seller was involved and can seen anyone with access the public ethereum blockchain and ink smart contract. any person marketplace will then able look the feedback history for specific seller determine their trustworthiness before choosing buy from that seller. decentralized reputation reputation refers the aggregate all the seller's feedback and transaction history. the feedback and transaction history for individual seller can read from the public data within the smart contract and used anyone assign reputation score based those signals. ink does not include specific algorithm calculation method compute this score, should marketplace app-specific. however, not all information should treated equally. ink transactions will include information about the parties involved, who mediated the transaction, what happened with the transaction (confirmed refunded), the feedback rating and comment, and optionally what the transaction was for. each individual marketplace has access all this information and should filter what important them when displaying reputation score. for example, more third party marketplaces start using ink, possible that certain marketplaces may untrustworthy and transactions recorded through them may hold little value when scoring reputation within another marketplace. additionally, transactions where users simply transfer xnk each other without context should not used reputation score prevent gaming the system. decentralized escrow with third party dispute resolution ink supports decentralized escrow natively create safe way for buyers and sellers transact. when buyer pays, the ink tokens are held the contract until the buyer indicates that the items have been received. that point, the tokens are released the seller and the transaction finalized. this also serves staking function within the protocol. the seller must stake their reputation against the tokens until the buyer receives their item. however, sometimes the transaction marketplace does not planned. for example, the item may arrive damaged, the seller may lie about shipping item out, the item may not described. this case, most centralized marketplaces will help resolve your dispute having customer support team member look the evidence and decide whether refund necessary. ink supports this decentralized way allowing users assign human automated mediator every transaction. the mediator transaction exists third party smart contract that anybody can create. for example, marketplaces will create their own mediation contract used their customer support staff, and individuals may set their own contracts and provide mediation services others. mediation and transaction fees create incentives for marketplaces, apps, and users, ink allows mediators transaction take transaction and/or mediation fee the form ink protocol tokens. the fee structure defined the mediator's smart contract and can setup either flat fee percentage fee. the mediator has the option taking both transaction fee every transaction and/or mediation fee transactions where the buyer and seller actually need the mediator step in. marketplaces that incorporate ink will likely set themselves the mediator every transaction within the marketplace and take transaction fees and/or mediation fees part their business model. also possible that individuals may set mediation services where they can get rewarded help mediate disputes marketplaces such craigslist facebook marketplace. will the buyers, sellers, and the community large vet these third party mediators auditing their public smart contracts and mediation histories, all which will viewable the ethereum blockchain. linked addresses buyers and sellers within ink are designated their ethereum addresses, which how you uniquely identify specific user and pay that user. over time, users may accumulate multiple addresses that they use different marketplaces apps. these addresses would all have their own transaction and feedback history and thus differing reputations. ink allows users link addresses they own merge their feedback and transaction histories and create single reputation. linked addresses cannot unlinked. owners ink protocol allows transaction associated with owner (which usually app marketplace). the owner contract has authorize the buyer create the transaction. this gives reputation services the ability know which transaction belongs which marketplace. with that knowledge, reputation can heavily influenced the credibility that marketplace. transaction states ink distills typical marketplace transaction into series states defined below. this flow was developed based the team's many years experience running listia and dealing with all sorts outcomes and edge cases that can occur during marketplace transaction. full diagram the states included below well. initiating transaction all transactions are created the buyer. the buyer specifies: who the seller (represented ethereum address) the price the item tokens the metadata the transaction (this hashed representation the metadata) optionally, the mediator, policy, and owner addresses may seem strange first that the buyer the one initiating the transaction, but this prevent extra call the ethereum blockchain. practice, apps supporting the ink protocol will wrap the entire process for buyers and sellers such that either the buyer seller can create transaction. additionally, even though buyer initiates the transaction, does not mean that the seller automatically held accountable for the transaction. the seller must approve the transaction before considered legitimate. the seller can also just ignore completely. meanwhile, the buyer's funds are held escrow the transaction. revoking transaction the buyer and seller not agree the terms the transaction, the seller simply ignores the transaction. the buyer however, has revoke the transaction get her tokens back from escrow. accepting transaction the seller specified the transaction can accept the transaction agrees the terms specified the buyer. accepting the transaction means that the seller can confidently begin process and ship the purchased item since the payment secured escrow. transaction progress upon accepting, the transaction now progress, and the seller now fulfillment timer deliver the goods promised. the length time allowed for fulfillment (e.g. weeks) defined the policy specified the transaction. this point, one four things can happen: the item not delivered within the fulfillment time, the buyer has the option dispute the transaction. the buyer receives the item and all well, she would confirm the transaction and the payment will moved the seller's address from escrow. the seller can refund the transaction something went wrong and the seller accepts fault. enough time (defined the policy the "transaction time") has gone and the buyer has neither confirmed nor disputed the transaction. the seller now able confirm the transaction himself and receive payment. transaction disputed after the buyer disputes the transaction, the seller has chance respond. one four things can happen: the seller can escalate the dispute the mediator determine the outcome the transaction. the seller can refund the transaction. the buyer can confirm the transaction. the buyer can force refund the transaction after time (defined the policy the "escalation time") has passed. transaction mediation after escalation, the mediator chosen the buyer and seller should begin the process collecting information make informed decision the outcome the transaction. the mediator granted period time, defined "mediation time" the policy the transaction, complete this work. during this period, neither buyer nor seller can act the transaction. the rare case that the mediator non-responsive late their response (the "mediation time" has passed), the buyer and seller each have two options available them. the buyer can choose confirm the transaction, thus transferring the payment the seller. the seller the other hand can choose refund the transaction. alternatively, both the buyer and seller can unilaterally settle the transaction, causing split the payment going buyer and seller. for all three these outcomes, mediation fee may taken the mediator. after the "mediation time", and until the buyer seller have taken action, the mediator can still respond the dispute. transaction mediated the assigned mediator responsible for making decision after collecting enough information from both buyer and seller. the mediator can one the follow: refund the transaction payment goes back the buyer, less the mediator's fee. confirm the transaction payment goes the seller, less the mediator's fee. settle the transaction the payment divided between the buyer and seller the mediator's discretion. the mediator can also take mediation fee this point well. integration with the listia marketplace replacing listia credits xnk will fully replace listia credits the main currency, and ink will become the main reputation system within the marketplace. users will buy and sell items using xnk and initially will able earn additional xnk for engaging with users, listings, and advertisers the marketplace. will seamless transition for current listia users who are already accustomed using virtual currency buy and sell. existing listia users will need login and verify their accounts, they haven't already, before exchanging their current listia credits for xnk. this exchange credits for xnk will available launch and for least months after launch. launch, new listings and prices the marketplace will converted from credits xnk, each user's buying power remains exactly the same start. this will serve initial anchor and stabilizer for the market price xnk. after launch, users will also start earn xnk all the places where they used earn listia credits, such certain goals and incentivized engagement, referring other users, and completing tasks and offers. the amounts these rewards will change and the requirements may become more strict the incentives and potential value xnk changes. users will still able buy xnk spend make the difference when they don't have enough buy item. this case, listia may sell directly from its own supply xnk help users buy from third party exchange. millions consumer wallets listia will integrate virtual xnk wallets for each listia user account. the wallets will created and maintained listia for the purposes transactions within the listia marketplace, but will also support withdrawals and deposits and from external addresses via the public ethereum network. within the listia marketplace, listia will manage the transactions for each user and hide the complexities dealing with public/private keys, smart contracts, etc. the beginning, listia will maintain its own centralized off-chain transaction history speed transactions and avoid fees, while separately settling fully completed transactions the ethereum blockchain needed publicly record reputation and feedback. however, the long term plan for all ink transactions listia settle directly the ethereum blockchain. listia users will not need any ethereum cryptocurrency knowledge start and continue buying and selling the marketplace. token distribution economics token distribution xnk will distributed widely possible during token distribution event launch. the distribution will consist exchanging existing listia credits for xnk, and also private and public capped sale tokens. token allocation token sale terms ethereum erc token called xnk million ink protocol tokens issued (,, xnk) reserved for existing listia user credits sold presale and public token sale retained listia, vested over years allocated for distribution and incentivizing the network, released over years token price: eth xnk $mm maximum sale cap team the team first came together build listia into community where over million items have been traded. with over years experience building peer-to-peer marketplace, the team now focused applying what they have learned and creating the foundation for decentralized marketplaces the future. https://www.paywithink.com/#team faq "for listia, what the benefit switching from credits xnk?" xnk provide more value the end user because they are fungible and can exchanged for fiat currency other cryptocurrencies. listia longer needs act central bank print and regulate the credits, which has led inflation issues the past. listia can eventually replace its centralized reputation, feedback, and escrow systems with ink's decentralized system. "why create ink and not use existing tokens cryptocurrencies?" from technology standpoint, you could certainly use other cryptocurrencies purely for payment, but ink more than just payment system. ink all about decentralizing reputation and helping buyers and sellers connect and pay safely matter which marketplace platform they choose use. the ink protocol token required write this new reputation network and the best way guarantee that payment made the right person. the price xnk should also decoupled from the price eth and other purpose-built cryptocurrencies, ink's market cap should tied the gmv the goods and services being traded peer peer markets and not the price running contracts ethereum influenced ethereum policies that may affect eth significant ways. most importantly, creating native token helps create strong incentives for users and build very powerful network effects. the problem with current cryptocurrencies that there isn't any consumer usage and reason for users start using it. ink has the power change that, designed from the ground specifically for marketplace transactions. users who use will have ownership stake the system and more incentivized spread its usage they can directly benefit from its success. truly jumpstart these network effects, listia will able distribute xnk millions users the existing marketplace. these are power users who are already buying and selling using virtual currency. each these users can directly benefit spreading the usage ink. not possible this with existing cryptocurrency such eth btc. "what incentive there use xnk? will the velocity too high support the token economy?" xnk designed function cryptocurrency, selling and buying with xnk will typically cheaper than converting back and forth between fiat currency each time, due credit card and/or bank fees. so, for users that are buying and selling frequently within either the listia marketplace other marketplaces, makes sense use xnk they can purchase goods services through the token later time. managed marketplaces like listia will also incentivize using xnk giving lower service and transaction fees when transacting using the cryptocurrency vs. fiat. ink has staking function built directly into the protocol the form the escrow feature, which naturally reduces velocity the token. during this time, the seller prepares and ships the item while staking their reputation against the tokens escrow until the buyer receives the item. "what unique functionality will ink provide that not already present other tokens and cryptocurrencies?" ink built specifically for typical transaction within marketplace and thus includes all these features built-in: decentralized reputation and feedback, decentralized escrow, and third party dispute resolution. "why would other companies use ink over starting their own coin token?" any app can certainly start their own token for transactions within their own ecosystem, but creating purpose-built token for marketplace reputation and payments, getting into the hands millions people day one and being the first its kind, ink can generate the network effects necessary become the facto standard way that people buy and sell with each other. once enough users have built their public reputation within ink, will difficult incentivize them move new system. "will companies willing share proprietary data from users?" ink designed capture the fundamental details about transaction, does not require other companies actively share any proprietary sensitive data about their users. the data within the ink ecosystem will built organically one transaction time, with big boost from the listia marketplace integration. "why would other marketplaces use ink instead only fiat currency like usd?" listia will also building simple payments app users huge marketplaces such craigslist, facebook marketplace, offerup, letgo, etc. can start using ink right away, without needing any integration support from those marketplaces. companies like airbnb rely heavily user reputation and feedback, which why they have insurance for home renters and require deposits for guests. users came board with existing transaction histories, things like insurance rates could down and there would lower fees for home renters that accept ink. guests would not need place deposits each time, and then get them refunded, they could use the ink escrow feature, which would automatically settle funds needed. marketplaces that exchange money for services like angie's list upwork try control feedback scoring and reputation within their marketplace. however, for the service provider that providing great quality service, they still have ask you leave positive feedback. the decentralized reputation and feedback built into ink rewards service providers with better payment option and automated way earn reputation and get feedback. marketplaces working together one blockchain have more power root out bad service providers while making more efficient and rewarding for good providers. links https://techcrunch.com////listia-is-an-awesome-way-to-give-and-get-free-stuff/ http://www.businesswire.com/news/home//en/average-u.s.-household-unused-items-worth