innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com disclaimer liability please review carefully the present section "disclaimer liability". you have any doubts what actions you should take, recommend that you consult with your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s). part this whitepaper reproduced, distributed disseminated without including this section "disclaimer liability". the sole purpose this whitepaper present innovative bioresearch and innbc tokens potential token holders connection with the proposed token sale. the information provided for information purposes only. may not exhaustive and doesn't imply any elements contractual relationship obligations. despite the fact that make every effort ensure the accuracy, date and relevance any material this whitepaper, this document and materials contained herein are not professional advice and way constitutes the provision professional advice any kind. further, innovative bioresearch reserves the right modify update this whitepaper and information contained herein, any moment and without notice. the maximum extent permitted any applicable laws, regulations and rules, innovative bioresearch doesn't guarantee and doesn't accept legal responsibility any nature, for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising from related the accuracy, reliability, relevance completeness any material contained this whitepaper. further, innovative bioresearch does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity, person, authority, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. you should contact relevant independent professional advisors before relying making any commitments transactions based the material published this whitepaper. this whitepaper not subject any legal system and not governed any law. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper, and such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. you don't have the right and shouldn't buy innbc tokens you are (i) green card holder the united states america, (ii) citizen resident (tax otherwise) the united states america, puerto rico, the virgin islands united states, any other possessions the united stated america, singapore, people's republic china south korea, person that states, (iii) citizen resident (tax otherwise) any country territory where transactions with digital tokens and/or digital currencies are prohibited any other manner restricted applicable laws. ("person" generally defined natural person residing the relevant state any entity organized incorporated under the laws the relevant state). purchased tokens cannot offered distributed well cannot resold otherwise alienated their holders mentioned persons. your sole responsibility establish, consulting (if necessary) your legal, tax, accounting other professional advisors, what requirements and limitations, any, apply your particular jurisdiction, and ensure that you have observed and complied with all restrictions, your own expense and without liability innovative bioresearch innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com innbc tokens are not and will not intended constitute securities, digital currency, commodity, any other kind financial instrument and have not been registered under relevant securities regulations, including the securities laws any jurisdiction which potential token holder resident. this whitepaper not prospectus proposal, and its purpose not serve securities offer request for investments the form securities any jurisdiction. however, spite the above, legislation certain jurisdictions may, now future, recognize innbc tokens securities. innovative bioresearch does not accept any liability for such recognition and\or any legal and other consequences such recognition for potential owners innbc tokens, nor provide any opinions advice regarding the acquisition, sale other operations with innbc tokens, and the fact the provision this whitepaper doesn't form the basis should not relied upon matters related the conclusion contracts acceptance investment decisions. this whitepaper doesn't oblige anyone enter into any contract, take legal obligations with respect the sale purchase innbc tokens, and accept any crypto currency other form payment. potential owners innbc tokens are advised contact relevant independent professional advisors, the above matters. certain statements, estimates and financial information contained herein, constitute forward-looking statements information. such forward-looking statements information involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual events results differ materially from the estimates the results implied expressed such forward-looking statements. further, all examples calculation income and profits used this whitepaper were provided only for demonstration purposes for demonstrating the industry's averages. for avoidance doubt, nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon guarantee, promise, representation undertaking the future performance innovative bioresearch and/or innbc token, and/or promise guarantee future profit resulting from purchase innbc token. innbc tokens cannot used for any purposes other than provided this whitepaper, including but not limited to, any investment, speculative other financial purposes. innbc tokens confer other rights any form, including but not limited any ownership, distribution (including, but not limited to, profit), redemption, liquidation, property (including all forms intellectual property), other financial legal rights, other than those specifically set forth below. while the community's opinion and feedback can taken into account, innbc tokens not give any right participate decision-making any direction business related the innovative bioresearch service. english language this whitepaper the primary official source information about the innbc tokens, any information contained herein may from time time translated into other languages used the course written oral communications with customers, contractors, partners etc. the course such translation communication some the information contained herein may lost, corrupted misrepresented. the event any conflicts inconsistencies between such translations and communications and this english language whitepaper, the provision this english language whitepaper original document shall prevail. continuing reading this whitepaper, you confirm that you have read, understood, accepted, and agreed with, the above section "disclaimer liability". innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com content page page page page page page page our aids cure research our blockchain implementation app social features token utility timeline business model team innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com our aids cure research innovative bioresearch privately held biotech company based italy (http://www.innovativebioresearch.com). owned and founded research scientist jonathan fior with the goal bringing innovation the field, with focus hiv, cancer and regeneration research. are launching token sale for supporting our aids (acquired immunodeficiency sindrome associated with hiv infection) cure research, well develop application providing one hand decentralized database for clinical data generated our future human trials, overcome the limitations the current ancient centralized databases, and the other hand social platform for the hiv seropositive community and our future services. let's start focusing the first goal this token sale, which support our aids cure research, with overview the current state supt cell infusion therapy, the novel cell-based therapy for hiv conceived jonathan fior, owner and chief scientific officer innovative bioresearch. supt cell infusion novel cell-basede therapy for hiv hiv infection usually leads progressive decline number and functionality cd+ lymphocytes, resulting aids development. explained jonathan fior's scientific publications [-], the hiv virus has higher tropism for supt cells than for primary cd+ cells. several hypotheses have been proposed explanation, most notably the higher surface expression and cxcr receptors supt cells. addition, vitro studies hiv evolution show that persistent growth the supt cell line results less cytopathic virus with reduced capacity for syncytium formation, higher sensitivity neutralization, improved replication supt cells and impaired infection primary cd+ cells [-]. accordingly, jonathan fior proposed the infusion irradiated supt cells cell-based hiv therapy exploit the therapeutic potential these phenomena [-]. the rationale behind this approach that moving infection toward the inoculated cells should prevent infection and depletion the patient's own cd+ cells and, therefore, aids. such strategy, supt cells would act "decoy target" for the hiv virus prevent cd+ cell depletion well render the virus less cytopathic. previously mentioned, vitro studies hiv evolution show that prolonged replication supt cells renders the virus less cytopathic and more sensitive neutralization. accordingly, replication the virus the inoculated supt cells should also have vaccination effect; that is, the therapy should also induce the virus become progressively less aggressive and harmful for the patient. the use supt cells decoy target for hiv has been investigated vitro and vivo, with interesting results [,]. vitro data showed that, when primary cd+ cells are infected with hiv the presence supt cells, the preferential infection supt cells can spare primary cd+ cells from infection and depletion. vivo data humanized mice showed that significantly lower viral replication (~-fold) and potentially preserved cd+ cell frequency week was scored animals treated with supt cell infusion. note, one animal exhibited sustained decrease hiv replication and cd+ cell depletion (no virus detected anymore weeks and result that may hold the key future hiv treatments. given the urgent and global need for cost effective cure for hiv, believe that the millions people infected this innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com terrible disease deserve highly innovative hiv cure research strategies, such supt cell infusion therapy. summary, these are some the potential therapeutic benefits this cell-based treatment that beyond what can achievable with traditional drug based therapies such cart: *the vaccination effect. previously mentioned, supt cells have been shown have very powerful vaccination effect vitro [-]. this regard, vitro studies hiv evolution showed that upon prolonged replication supt cells, the hiv- lai virus evolves toward less virulent phenotype with reduced capacity for syncytium formation, thus losing the main cytopathic feature characterizing strains, and most notably the virus adaptation replicate supt cells results gradually losing the ability replicate primary cd+ cells []. addition, the variation neutralization sensitivity after viral growth tumor cell lines has also been examined. interestingly, one study reported that primary isolates that were initially resistant neutralization acquired sensitivity neutralization after continuous growth tumor cell lines, and that the sensitivity neutralization progressively increased during the days culturing []. specifically, was shown that after days continuous culture, micrograms/ml rscd (recombinant soluble cd) were needed neutralize tcid primary isolate, while only micrograms/ml rscd were needed neutralize tcid the virus after days continuous culture. this means that there was fold increase virus sensitivity neutralization after prolonged replication tumor cell line, which really something remarkable. all these phenomena could therefore harbor significant therapeutic potential that could exploited with supt cell infusion therapy induce hiv infection evolve into more tractable state for therapy. *potentially organ toxicity; cart drug based treatment and such associated with organ toxicity because the drugs are metabolized various organs. contrast, supt cell infusion cell-based treatment and there chemical substance injected into the body that needs metabolized, which could significantly improve the quality the patient's life. *be effective patients terminal state disease that developed drug resistant and very aggressive hiv strains. when patient treated with cart, the virus fights back because strives survive, which can result the development very aggressive and drug resistant hiv strains, especially the terminal stage the disease and such cases cart becomes ineffective. contrast, supt cell infusion therapy provides the virus with permissive cell-line which can preferentially replicate, that peaceful coexistence between virus and host becomes possible, which could dramatically improve the patient's health the virus infection progressively moves toward the inoculated supt cells and the virus becomes increasingly less pathogenic for its host. *possible association the treatment with novel molecular compounds such vif-inhibitor act hiv reservoirs. the hiv- vif protein essential for viral replication primary cd+ cells but not supt cells []. accordingly, pharmacologic inhibition vif could combined with supt cell infusion further restrict viral replication the inoculated supt cells. considering that apobecg expressed different cell types, such neuronal cells, astrocytes, and macrophages [], innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com pharmacologic inhibition vif may also have the benefit acting hiv reservoirs the brain and other body areas. there are several molecules with promising anti-vif activity currently being tested []. similarly, other hiv- accessory proteins that are not essential for replication supt cells (e.g., vpr, vpu, and nef []) may also the target pharmacologic inhibition. important point out that these drugs would not affect virus replication the inoculated supt cells, and therefore combination with supt cell infusion therapy, there should not development drug resistance normally associated with drug based treatments. cost effective aids cure solution. our mission provide cost effective cure solution for aids. contrast with traditional cell-based and gene-based therapies that make use modified autologous cells and are therefore very expensive and often unpractical for large scale application, using standardized cell line such the supt cell line should significantly reduce the treatment costs associated with supt cell infusion therapy, allowing access the therapy where access traditional hiv therapies restricted economic and social limitations. the social and economical impacts low cost hiv cure solution would enormous. below some considerations with regard potential issues: *safety. take this issue very seriously and are committed performing very rigorous preclinical research ensure there enough data safety obtain approval from regulatory agencies for human experimentation. this regard, injection irradiated tumor cells therapy already performed cancer vaccination. such cases, irradiating the cells prior inoculation has been shown ensure treatment safety both animal and clinical studies []. used the same protocol used cancer vaccination studies (i.e., radiation dose for the cells), which resulted safe vivo inoculation our animal study well []. specifically, all animals successfully survived the treatment and presence supt cells was almost undetectable late time points, which means that irradiating the cells prior inoculation efficiently prevented supt cell replication. furthermore, infused high doses cells million supt cells were infused weekly), which highly immunodeficient mouse strain would rapidly lead animal death case tumor development. therefore, based the clinical data already have from cancer vaccination studies, and from the results our first animal study, believe that meeting the safety standards required for human trials something feasible. *rejection issues. tumors can develop because tumor cells are able evade immune recognition. for example, supt cells not express hla-dr, which antigen highly associated with immune recognition []. accordingly, given the tumoral nature supt cells, they should significantly less immunogenic than normal cells and such should survive the patient long enough provide therapeutic effect. however, possible that the hiv virus will eradicate the cells faster and more efficiently than the immune system itself any case. innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com references fior initial vitro investigation into the potential therapeutic use supt cells prevent aids hiv-seropositive individuals. plos one. ;:. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/ fior pacific coexistence between virus and host the unexploited path that may lead hiv functional cure? viruses. ;:-. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/ fior, supt cell infusion possible cell-based therapy for hiv: results from pilot study hu-pbmc brgs mice. vaccines. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/ das, a.t.; land, a.; braakman, i.; klaver, b.; berkhout, hiv- evolves into nonsyncytiuminducing virus upon prolonged culture vitro. virology. :-. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/ turner, s.; tizard, r.; demarinis, j.; pepinsky, r.b.; zullo, j.; schooley, r.; fisher, resistance primary isolates human immunodeficiency virus type neutralization soluble not due lower affinity with the viral envelope glycoprotein gp. proc. natl. acad. sci. usa. :-. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/ moore, j.p.; burkly, l.c.; connor, r.i.; cao, y.; tizard, r.; ho, d.d.; fisher, r.a. adaptation two primary human immunodeficiency virus type isolates growth transformed cell lines correlates with alterations the responses their envelope glycoproteins soluble cd. aids res. hum. retroviruses. :-. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/ salgia al. vaccination with irradiated autologous tumor cells engineered secrete granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor augments antitumor immunity some patients with metastatic non-small-cell lung carcinoma. clin. oncol. :-. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/ dufresne al. targeting lymph nodes with liposomes bearing anti-hla-dr fab' fragments. biochim biophys acta. :-. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/ let's now talk about the application, starting from the function providing decentralized databese for clinical data the challenge having access clinical data from the current ancient centralized databases traditionally, all data generated scientific research collected the form scientific article, which published peer reviewed scientific journal, and usually made available public database such the nih's pubmed database (https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed). when novel therapeutic strategy, such supt cell infusion therapy, goes through the several stages clinical research, different research teams all over the world may perform the research. and once the therapy finally approved for human treatment, different clinicians all over the world may administer the treatment patients. this means that when research team wants perform clinical research, they have through the tedious and time consuming process searching for all the published data innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com from previous trials, read all the papers, select the useful data, and make the best possible interpretation the data create protocol for their trial, personalizing for their typology patients. fact, every patient may have different individual characteristics (e.g., age, ethnicity, hiv tropism) and thus may require personalized treatment protocols. and the same issue present when clinicians begin administer approved treatment patients; they have through all the papers and make best guess what treatment protocol should used. mentioned, this process accessing clinical data can quite tedious and time consuming, but can also introduce human error. possible solution: decentralized database using the blockchain store and access clinical data possible solution the challenge posed having access clinical data from the current ancient system could provided the creation decentralized database for clinical data using the blockchain technology. this what are proposing with the creation the "you're not alone" application. first, let's focus the blockchain aspect the app, will explain why has such name later. the "you're not alone" app would feature user-friendly interface allowing any clinician innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com running clinical investigation enter the data produced their trials. the application would allow the input broad range individual parameters for each treated patient, such age, ethnicity, disease progression stage, viral tropism hiv virus carried, along with the clinical protocol used (e.g., dosage supt cells infused each week) and the outcome the treatment (e.g., viral load, cd+ cell count). the app would then access and elaborate the data the fly; statistical analysis (means, standard deviations, correlations, power) and even the elaboration suggested treatment profiles that could work best for each type patient could performed. this would take away the burden having manually search and process all the data from current centralized databases, which often involves printing hundreds papers. and such application would have infinite potential for growing. for instance, amazing feature could store the database the genotypic information the hiv virus carried each patient, allowing keep track all mutations and genetic modifications caused the treatment well the resulting viral phenotypic changes. therefore, such database would constantly growing and evolving new parameters are added it, and would always available, anytime, anywhere, and anyone connected. another important aspect that usually scientific publication the raw data not published but instead graphical representation used summarize the data; another amazing feature decentralized database that due not having the editorial constraints scientific journal, the whole raw data generated any research could included the database. such app would help speed tremendously the clinical development stages our aids cure research; could game changer. would still publish the data through the traditional peer reviewed system, but once reviewed and published, the data would also made immediately available for easy access through the application. these are some the potential advantages using the blockchain technology for creating decentralized database for clinical data *immutability. scientific data need immutable. once study peer reviewed and published, its data must permanently stored and never altered. the blockchain, all data stored every single node, never ceasing exist, and always staying the blockchain. immutability that gives the blockchain its openness and bft (byzantine fault tolerance). *decentralization. the blockchain designed distributed and synchronized across networks, making data freely available anyone. believe that scientific data should shared and not being hidden behind firewall. *security. the kind transactions that can performed are strictly defined advance and stored the blockchain "smart contracts"; this prevents fraudulent data from being added the blockchain thus ensuring integrity the database. contrast, would much easier compromise centralized database. innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com here are some the potential drawbacks *transaction slowness. bitcoin has limit transactions per second, while etherum has this could limit for applications that may require thousands even million database transactions per second. however, this would hardly the case for scientific database where data would entered much slower pace, given that can require several moths years for clinical study completed and new data produced. *data storage primitive. the blockchain uses rather primitive key-value database. however, although this could problem for applications storing complex databases, scientific data often consist simple sets alphanumeric data that could easily stored the blockchain compressing and storing them hexadecimal format. innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com are planning use this application specifically for our aids cure research, overcome the limitations current centralized databases. however, believe there may interest using our application other parties. after all, this would application designed research scientist for research scientists. our database will open any company institution interested using our app for storing their clinical data. moreover, will encourage them believe that scientific data should shared publicly. now, let's explain why named the application "you're not alone". the application will also document the progress our aids cure research project, featuring periodic updates such articles, vlogs. this will create community where hiv seropositive people can stay the date, comment, share, interact with working the cure, and with each others. something that creates bridge between hiv seropositive people and us, research scientists working the cure. something that allows the hiv seropositive community and anyone interested part this journey. something that can send the message that they are not alone their battle. that are fighting for them. that care about them. message hope. our vision and intention therefore create application that will also act social app for hiv seropositive people participate and create new topics and discussions support each others and stand together the fight against aids. innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com "you're not alone" social features the application will also provide our official channel through which patients will able access the therapy providing information about all the ongoing clinical trials, how participate, and once our hiv treatment approved, will provide information about the clinics and hospitals offering the treatment, and how book appointments with legit clinicians that are officially collaborating with us, offer the best services and rates. innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com token utility what the intrinsic value token? can you convert tokens into physical goods? tokens are not usually backed the value actual, real, physical goods, which means there nothing stopping them from falling value other than trust the platform. however, wanted provide something more for our token holders. wanted our token backed the value physical good. here innovative bioresearch love jdm cars. because, let's face it; imports will always beat muscle cars. therefore, the first stage (right after the end the token sale) will launch our innbc jdm online garage, were innbc tokens can spent buy cars from selection high quality jdm classic cars. selection cars will mostly concentrate classic iconic jdm cars such skylines, supras, subaru, and evos. wonderfully, when comes jdm cars, our founder, jonathan fior, has great expertise personally involved the business importing them and over the years has therefore established solid network professional contacts, which makes confident about providing quality service. innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com will offer amazing deals our garage, along with providing worldwide shipping. contrast with other tokens the market, innbc token value will therefore backed the value real physical goods such jdm cars. this will help the innbc token hold its value. now, the jdm cars from our online garage are from selection very high quality examples mint conditions, and these cars are only going value, they are true collector items. they are also investment. these are not common cars you can buy from dealer; very hard find them you have hunting for good examples and source them from japan. innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com note. cars and prices listed here are just indication provide general picture the final product. but why jdm cars for biomedical research related project, other than because they are simply awesome? isn't just about the access have providing this service for customers thanks our founder, it's also about the community. the car enthusiast community one the most welcoming and sensitive community when comes supporting social issues such fighting aids. therefore, believe that having classic iconic jdm cars backing the value innbc tokens true the spirit this project, which solve serious global health problem. addition, the automotive industry something very responsive and therefore believe possible future wonderful partnerships for further expanding our token economy, making constantly growing and successful. also believe innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com that providing such straightforward utility (i.e., you can directly use our token buy physical goods you would with fiat currency) can seriously help reaching those customers who are not normally into the crypto world. the second stage months after token sale) will launch the first version our "you're not alone" app, were innbc tokens can spent access number privileged features the app ecosystem such becoming moderator the social communities. the the revenue generated in-app ads will community moderators compensation for their work. addition, token economy will integral part the rep reward point system the social community. users who will make particularly useful contributions will earn tokens. innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com token and sale details hard cap: payment methods: number innbc for pre-sale: number innbc for sale: million innbc tokens (including pre sale) eth the innbc token will erc token released the etherum blockchain, and there will only one initial limited supply innbc tokens. innovative bioresearch intends also use funds received during token sale for further development the project, payment salaries and future expenses. this will help accelerate development and also enable the team work full time with total commitment. only tokens sold are actually minted the end the token sale, meaning that total supply will consist sold tokens plus tokens reserved innovative bioresearch. innovative bioresearch will reserve tokens for supporting token economy and these tokens will not available for sale. the innbc token may used once all purchased innbc tokens will distributed purchasers. also, holders innbc tokens are free sell their tokens users who need those for access our platform. innbc pricing innbc token emission price eur (,usd) per innbc, corresponding innbc per eth, with respect the eth/eur exchange rate the day smart contract creation april minimum purchase innbc tokens. during token sale, will offer the following discounts discount for pre-sale (innbc per eth). discount for the successive sale (innbc per eth). innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com timeline *token pre-sale. expect launch the pre-sale the beginning may pre-sale will last for months. *token sale. sale will take place shortly after the pre-sale. expect launch the sale mid june and will last for months. *jdm online garage. our online garage will launched shortly after the token sale, expect ready the beginning august *aids research. will start contracting our partners perform preclinical animal research supt cell infusion therapy immediately upon token sale completion. expect start animal research october and complete december expect start human trials mid and conclude human experimentation (phase trials) years. expect have supt cell infusion therapy commercially available *you're not alone app. expect launch the application within months after token sale ends, expect launch between november and february innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com business model assume first source revenue represented app ads and car sales from our innbc jdm online garage, and successive source revenue from our hiv therapy upon its approval and commercialization. *revenues are dependant rpm, which turn highly variable and depends many factors such traffic, crt (click-through-rate), cpc (cost per click). average rpm can low for broad niches high for competitive niches. with very narrow nice such the hiv seropositve community, estimated for our platform ads from specific hiv related producs (e.g., prep medications used for seronegative partner) generating average rpm which with visits/day would generate roughly k$/month. the key here that aim have highly targeted audience resulting greater relevancy and therefore rpm. innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com additional revenue may generated sponsorship programs from the automotive industry that may want use our store sell/advertise their products. innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com there were .million people infected hiv globally .million which were left untreated, according unaids. our mission develop low cost cell-based therapy solution for hiv allow access the treatment for those individuals who are normally left untreated due social and/or economic limitations. estimate our treatment significantly cheaper than antiretroviral therapy (art), which the conventional drug-based therapy for hiv, and substantially cheaper than any gene therapy product using modified autologous cells offered our competitors. innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com *)source; gebo ka, fleishman ja, al. contemporary costs hiv healthcare the haart era. aids. ;:-. *)estimated based the complexity and costly operations required produce and administer gene therapy autologous cell products for hiv; stan zaia ja. practical considerations gene therapy for hiv cure. curr hiv/aids rep. ;:-. *)estimated based our previous experience propagating and administering supt cells humanized mice; fior, supt cell infusion possible cell-based therapy for hiv: results from pilot study hu-pbmc brgs mice. vaccines. with potential target .million hiv infected individuals globally, our aids cure solution could generate billion/year revenue successfully targeting the global hiv infected population, which our therapy will prove safe and effective hiv cure believe realistic goal. innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com *app tech development. funds used develop the application, which expect launch within the first months after the ico. *app maintenance. funds devoted general maintenance the application keep live and running. *ecosystem development. funds devoted creating the infrastructures support the app (e.g., integrating the app within the information systems hospitals and clinics partnering with for administering our hiv therapy), well for promotion the app within the community (i.e., marketing costs). *jdm car stock. funds devoted maintaining constant stock cars for the jdm online garage. *aids cure research. funds devoted developing supt cell infusion therapy. this includes preclinical animal research, and human trials (phase innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com team jonathan fior owner and chief scientific officer. jonathan fior research scientist specialized the field virology, immunology, cancer and regeneration*. founded innovative bioresearch and conceived supt cell infusion therapy, novel cell-based therapy for hiv that uses supt cells decoy target for hiv- prevent cd+ cell depletion well render the virus less cytopathic. jonathan fior also successful stock trader and thus has great financial competence well. other than science, one his biggest passions are jdm classic cars from the such skylines and supras, which led him get involved the business importing them. davide bosetti social media manager. davide bosetti social media expert and responsible for all social/community related aspects the projects innovative bioresearch. innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com alessandro gatti chief legal officer. alessandro gatti legal expert and ensures that everything accordance with the law. *jonathan fior publications fior initial vitro investigation into the potential therapeutic use supt cells prevent aids hiv-seropositive individuals. plos one. ;():e. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/ fior pacific coexistence between virus and host the unexploited path that may lead hiv functional cure? viruses. ;():-. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/ fior salamander regeneration model for developing novel regenerative and anticancer therapies. cancer. ;():-. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/ fior supt cell infusion possible cell-based therapy for hiv: results from pilot study hu-pbmc brgs mice. vaccines. ;():. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmid/ innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com how operate for research projects, jonathan fior works (principal investigator), conceiving the experiments and writing the experiment protocol. the work then commissioned contract research organization (cro), which physically performs the experiments. jonathan fior then supervises all aspects related the research communicating closely with the cro. once the experiments are completed, analyzes the results and writes scientific paper, which published peer reviewed scientific journal. only publish open access scientific journals believe free information and don't want our data being hidden behind paywall. this means that although our team not big team, actually have companies with people working for us. therefore, our team does not need large. this way can keep small, yet strong and great, team. maximize results and reducing costs, perform our highly specialized research partnering with state-of-the-art cros and institutions. some cros hired the past are listed below innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com software development along with performing our aids cure research, the other important aim this project developing the "you're not alone" application. for developing the application, professional software development company will hired for the job. some potential candidates selected are listed below patacaum willowtree, inc.(r) dogtownmedia for this ico, are partnering with innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com risk factors the purchase innbc token (hereinafter this article "risk factors" referred the "token" "tokens") may associated with high degree risk. protect the interests tokens' potential purchasers, the innovative bioresearch (hereinafter this article "risk factors" referred the "company") team conducted analysis such potential risks and outlined the result this analysis this chapter the whitepaper. important: the list risk factors described below not exhaustive. addition the risks disclosed this whitepaper, there may existing other risks which the company's team present can not reasonably forecast. these risks can materialize other forms risk than those specified here. prior acquiring tokens, each potential token purchaser advised carefully review all the information and assess the risks such purchase, including but not limited to, the risks set forth this whitepaper and decide upon purchase tokens based such assessment. technical and technological risks. risks the blockchain. tokens are released ethereum blockchain. this regard, any malfunction the ethereum protocol may lead restriction the use tokens, and the fact that tokens the platform will function unforeseen manner. risk hacker attacks the platform, smart contracts, tokens. tokens can expropriated and stolen, hacking tokens, otherwise. hackers other groups organizations may attempt intervene smart contract tokens various ways, including, but not limited to, virus attacks, ddos attacks, concerted attacks, network attacks, and denial service attacks, and others. addition, since the ethereum platform based open source software, there risk that ethereum smart contracts may contain intentional unintentional errors shortcomings that could adversely affect tokens lead loss tokens, loss access control tokens. the event such error weakness the software, there can remedy, and tokens owners are not guaranteed any compensation compensation. risk hacker attack the computer tokenholder, loss passwords private keys. purchased tokens can stored the tokenholder her\his digital wallet safe, for which password, digital key combination digital keys required. accordingly, the loss the necessary keys associated with such digital wallet safe, can lead loss access tokens. addition, any third party that gets access such passwords and private keys (by way getting (through hacking, negligence tokenholder) access login credentials tokenholders' hosting-wallet, otherwise), will able use tokens the tokenholder. company assumes liability for such losses. risk using new technologies, and changes technology the future. tokens and blockchain are fairly new and relatively untested technologies. although the moment they have largely proven their efficiency, reliability and security, there guarantee that future these technologies not innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com fail any way. further, technological progress develops, flaws can found these technologies, which flaws will prevent their functioning the way that they function the moment. finally, there guarantee that these technologies will compatible with any new technologies invented future. the event such incompatibility, use tokens and blockchain can found unreasonable and stopped. risk incompatibility the cryptowallet service. electronic cryptowallet wallet service provider that tokenholder has chosen will choose for obtaining and storing tokens, must technically compatible with tokens. failure comply with this condition may lead the fact that the tokenholder will not able get access her\his tokens. tokenholders must independently determine the fact the compatibility the cryptowallet she\he registered, with the tokens. company assumes responsibility for any errors related wrong determination the above fact. regulatory risks. risk regulatory uncertainty. regulatory status cryptographic tokens, digital assets and blockchain technology, unclear not defined many jurisdictions. cannot excluded that such technologies, and, particular, tokens, will future become subject one more (adopted new) interpretations laws (or other regulations), court judgments, actions various regulatory bodies around the world, including, but not limited to, the imposition restrictions the use possession digital tokens, such tokens. such changes can adversely affect tokens various ways, including, for example, determining that tokens are regulated financial instruments that require registration compliance with other legal requirements and procedures. company may stop distributing tokens, developing platform terminating operations particular jurisdiction the actions regulatory authorities the relevant jurisdiction make illegal not commercially viable proceed. risk inability obtain, maintain renew licenses and permits. the date tokens sale, there are statutory requirements requiring company obtain any licenses and permits necessary for the sale the tokens, but the risk that such legislative requirements may enacted the future cannot ruled out. this event, possibility sale and further use tokens will depend the procedure issuing such licenses and permits, and compliance with their terms. cannot exclude that requirements the law will technically economically unachievable for company. company may stop distribution tokens, develop platform terminate operations particular jurisdiction the event economic, technological other inability obtain the required licenses permits under such jurisdiction. the risk governmental action. the industry blocking and reversing tokens new, and simply virtue novelty can subject increased supervision and regulatory control, including investigations enforcement actions. there can guarantee that the government will not study the activities the parties. all this can investigated, which turn can have significant negative impact tokens and platform development. innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com .business risks. risk failure development. cannot excluded that for various reasons, including but not limited to, for reasons insolvency business technological strategies business arrangements, technological problems, emergence new technologies, etc., that the model that company developed and described this whitepaper, will not achieve the desired functionality, inoperative, work way different from what developers designed for. also, cannot exclude the risk that for these different reasons, development and implementation the model can take longer than company predicts the moment, and when the model ready, will appear outdated and\or irrelevant. risk insufficient implementation. cannot excluded that, for various reasons, including, but not limited to, for reasons insolvency marketing strategies, external constraints, competitors' actions, the model developed company and described this whitepaper model may appear unpopular and\or unclaimed, lacking use and application. risk dependence third parties. even after the launch, the model developed company and described this whitepaper will rely, wholly partially, third parties, for adoption and implementation certain functions, well for continuing its development, maintenance and support. though abovementioned third parties are carefully selected company's team, there insurance guarantee that these third parties will their job properly, otherwise meet users' needs, and this can have significant adverse impact the platform. risk loss cash. the project described this whitepaper, the model developed sompany, the platform being created, well any funds collected within the framework the token sale described, are not insured. case failure the project for any reason, loss functionality the token platform, there private public insurance representative whom token holders can apply for reimbursement. risk force majeure. the future, there may extraordinary circumstances that company cannot reasonably anticipate prevent and that may subject restrictions impediments the operation the company token platform. company performance may interrupted, suspended delayed due force majeure circumstances. for the purposes this whitepaper, force majeure shall mean extraordinary events and circumstances which could not prevented company and shall include: acts nature, wars, armed conflicts, mass civil disorders, industrial actions, epidemics, lockouts, slowdowns, prolonged shortage other failures energy supplies communication service, acts municipal, state federal governmental agencies, other circumstances beyond company's control, which were not existence the time whitepaper release. value tokens. once purchased, the value tokens may significantly fluctuate due various reasons. company does not guarantee any specific value the tokens over any specific period time. company shall not held responsible for any change the value tokens. innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com .other risks. taxes. token holders are solely responsible for determining the transactions contemplated herein are subject any applicable taxes whether their home country another jurisdiction. will the sole responsibility token holders comply with the tax laws any jurisdictions applicable them and pay all relevant taxes. disclosure information. personal information received from tokens holders, the information about the number tokens owned, the wallet addresses used, and any other relevant information may disclosed law enforcement, government officials, and other third parties when company required disclose such information law, subpoena, court order. company shall time held responsible for such information disclosure. risk insufficient information. tokens are very early developmental stage and its philosophy, consensus mechanism, algorithm, code and other technical specifications and parameters could updated and changed frequently and constantly. while the whitepaper contains the up-to-date key information related tokens the date the whitepaper, not complete nor final and subject adjustments and updates that company may make from time time. company not position, nor obliged report every detail the development tokens and other elements the system presented company and therefore will not necessarily provide timely full access all the information relating the tokens, but will use reasonable efforts. innovative bioresearch milan, italy http://www.innovativebioresearch.com