white paper content abstract pg. ino coin mission pg. blockchain technology pg. smart contracts pg. how works pg. pg. pg. assets mobile apps team developers and experts pg. token supply pg. roadmap pg. ino coin the core our project pg. .abstract unlike other projects, ino coin universal payment tool, but aside from serving platform for procuring venture capital, also provides opportunity for any person take advantage the innovations and benefits that new projects offer. ino coin global platform for funding and provision knowhow new blockchain projects. currency, backed team people with great technical and commercial skills, people who will share advice and show the right direction young teams addition providing funds. unique decentralized system for joint decision-making between the lead team, project representatives and all investors well owners the currency. enables sharing knowledge, ideas and wealth through ino coin. this white paper present ino coin, brand-new technology for securely transferring money between anonymous peers. our solution based the ethereum codebase and keys/addresses system which includes multi signature outputs and ring signatures. the main purpose this technology help young entrepreneurs and startups secure financing and develop their idea. the same time, the technology enables anyone become investor and earn return their investment. ino coin mission what ino coin? ethereum-based crowdfunding platform for all kinds innovative ideas and projects. clear that it's not ico incubator instead it's more like crowdfunding platform like "kickstarter" and "indiegogo". the community reviews projects and chooses either "like" (upvote) "boost" (fund) them using ino, the proprietary erc- token used the ino coin ecosystem. crowdfunding one the most popular methods gaining liquidity start new project. fact, over billion raised these projects annually the u.s. alone. advantage ino platform: based blockchain technology transparency trackability lower fees what problems does ino coin solve? ino coin gives young and energic entrepreneurs access huge liquidity. for example, the european market, alternative methods financing projects grew very rapidly, with the market size reaching more than billion euros within crowdfunding itself, various types platforms are developed, such equity, debt-based reward-based crowdfunding. we, the ino coin team, have decided develop blockchain platform reward-based scheme only because believe that this the future the crowdfunding world. what the mission ino coin? ino coin decentralized cryptocurrency built with the sole mission helping new businesses with funding and growing. our platform the place where ideas get connected with smart money. blockchain technology before the blockchain era, commerce required building trust between the transacting parties, which practice meant proving that each party was capable fulfilling their obligations accordance with the terms agreed beforehand. failing stick one's promises would wreak havoc the markets. consequently, there was need for third party, financial intermediary, that would take the risks the counterparty default unto itself. whether due practical reasons following from market necessity because imposed regulations government agencies, middlemen became integral part the market landscape ensure every party kept their end the bargain. the blockchain technology removes the need for middleman the validity transaction confirmed the network independent nodes. decentralized, distributed one-way ledger existing thousands copies across the world removes the overhead introduced third parties, with bonus greatly diminishing the time takes confirm transaction. blockchain has marked the beginning truly new era. now, the blockchain technology makes old payment systems redundant and outdated. with blockchain, there more need for complex auditing systems has its own audit system built in, which provides reliable accountability right out the box. transactions which get written the blockchain are literally set stone and time. once transaction gets confirmed, there way back all transactions are intentionally made irreversible. one can change them. this becomes possible through consensus mechanism. the two major ways reach consensus the blockchain network are proof work and proof stake. their effect that they render the efforts compromise blockchain prohibitively expensive even for those who can spend billions dollars, for example, government agencies, and yet more costly for major decentralized currencies like bitcoin. the security the network guaranteed the distributed nature decentralized blockchains and cryptographic algorithms used. moreover, the costs preventing new transactions from receiving confirmations are rising exponentially the network expands, this attack vector will even less feasible the future when the blockchain technology gains more traction the internet. currencies based decentralized blockchains don't need trusted third party the case with centralized payment system, for example, central bank. this eliminates single point failure making decentralized systems immune and invulnerable things like blackmail, bribes, corruption, virtually everything which regularly overruns legacy systems. result, decentralized blockchains are operating beyond the reach and outside the control financial structures and oligopolies which are more often than not pursuing their own ends incompatible even directly hostile and antagonistic the idea open market, which the blockchain technology greatly contributes to. .smart contracts possible implement turing-complete programming language within the blockchain itself. piece computer code stored and replicated the blockchain system called smart contract. these contracts got lot traction over the last few years. turing-complete, they can store, convert, and process arbitrary data formally specified (algorithmic) manner, depending specific conditions set beforehand. and not only about storing and processing information related account balances, which what the bitcoin blockchain mostly deals with, any data including but definitely not limited data about data (metadata), sets rules, restrictions, transaction conditions, i.e. virtually anything that can processed modern desktop pc, can entered into smart contract. first smart contracts were implemented using the bitcoin blockchain but due the limitations the underlying protocol, was not possible execute complex logic procedures efficient way top it. thus, the most widely used turing-complete blockchain dubbed ethereum was born which enables execution complex smart contracts mostly involving financial operations. for example, small smart contract consisting just few lines code can set rules about transferring assets executing predefined operations once certain conditions are met. these conditions can triggered immediately some point the future. smart contracts allow bargain struck between two parties without running the risk default either. the contract either carried out fully gets cancelled completely, party fact risking anything. one side fails deliver, the other retains what belongs it. and all this comes with the benefits which plain vanilla blockchain enjoys. how works? within the ino coin platform, there are several main features that are interest future users. the "like" button the first such feature intended allow the community vote what projects should get financial support. this occurs every three months our managerial team redirects ino coins order fund project. the second feature the "boost" button which allows investors fund projects individual basis. there limit how much how little can invested. each project individually details the benefits the investors receive. ino coin provides every single person with chance investor innovator. age, knowledge, wealth, etc. are not important. the same time, ino coin provides opportunity every person with great idea even though they don't have sufficient financial resources. ino coin makes the world better place connects investors with innovators thanks its being investment platform, enabling them improve upon new existing technologies. and all this comes without any taxes. everyone with good idea welcome share it, and will our best raising the money required implement it. you can register https://platform.inocoin.eu and choose the role you want take, either investor innovator, both. allows the community vote which project should financed. occurs every three months. allows investors fund project individual basis with ino coin. has limit. assets ino coin the core utility token that powers the ino coin platform. the token standard erc token. the heart the ino coin platform are set smart contracts called ino coin chaincode. these serve coordinate interactions between project participants. ino coin smart contracts are deployed ethereum, but can also linked other platforms. mobile apps our team has developed mobile applications meeting the requirements the ino coin investment platform. believe that investing should easy possible for potential investors, unlike the complicated process that comes with the old banking system. you can use our mobile apps all major operating systems such ios, android, windows, and linux. you can create your own wallets, introduce your own projects and get funding, simply invest the best startup. .team developers and experts ino coin enjoys international team with vision, ability, innovative thinking, open mindedness, management skills, marketing knowledge, and developers coming from various backgrounds such it, accounting, finance, blockchain and more. complete profile our team available https://www.inocoin.eu blockchain are highly experienced blockchain developers. result, have built our platform the ethereum blockchain net. this will take investment and crowdfunding the next level. finance our financial team has huge amount experience the banking sector and investment area. however, believe that the future belongs blockchain will completely transform the world investment and entrepreneurship. business several big business developers are part our team. they possess extensive experience consulting and helping entrepreneurs grow their business. token supply token supply: ,,, ino tokens are available for distribution cryptocurrency markets. ino are available contributors; ino are bound for the team, advisors, bounties etc; ino tokens will kept for financing new projects; ino tokens will kept reserve and locked for one year, solely develop partnerships and future acquisitions. contributors total) team, advisors, bounties total) financing total) reserve total) .roadmap the idea the project was worked out during since then have designed and developed the investment platform ino coin. the ino coin token not like any other, that's why are not following the common initial coin offering (ico) route. are aiming listed the public markets and provide everyone with chance part this huge project. ino platform the core our project conclusion, let point out why the ino coin investment platform superior other more conventional means investing. our platform allows investors all sizes participate. this the key factor that differentiates from the traditional systems which usually restrict investment opportunities small circle individuals. are removing these high barriers for entry. using our platform, anyone can invest, regardless whether it's $,,. the platform capable calculating profit percentage investment automatically, depending the size the investment. ino coin utility token that will the future crowdfunding. after investing ino, you are able receive smart services and all kinds products from the projects you support. the ino coin investment platform places restrictions startups. believe this the key successful business the new age. these new ventures need innovative above all else, not constrained the limits old ideas. due these requirements, the more interesting and the fresher the idea is, the more likely the project secure funding. you believe you will struggle secure investment because your idea too unproven overly optimistic, then you would ideal candidate apply for funding through ino coin. many the great innovators our time were thought too forward-thinking first, struggling secure the funding and trust necessary realize their ideas. how implement blockchain advantages the crowdfunding model? one the biggest advantages the way data kept the blockchain. ino coin uses ethereum blockchain, which the biggest and most advanced decentralised platform develop dapps. our crowdfunding platform relies transaction logic that saved the ethereum blockchain. believe this the best technical solution because all the transactions are saved forever and cannot modified. us, this the best way prove people's investment the listed projects. the ino coin platform, transactions and investments are secure and trackable. the blockchain technology "the third party" every transaction, this the most advanced and budget-effective way support the projects. both sides can sure that the transaction sent, received and logged forever with minimum fees and without any chance forgery. you have more questions, please https://platform.inocoin.eu/faq