the grocery industry, reinvented first global decentralized ecosystem directly connecting grocery manufacturers and consumers www.ins.world version december one-pager presentation disclaimers the information set forth this white paper may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. the content this white paper not binding for ins ecosystem limited ("ins company" "ins") and its affiliates and ins reserves the right change, modify, add, remove portions this white paper for any reason any time before, during and after the sale ins tokens posting the amended white paper the website. this white paper does not constitute investment, legal, tax, regulatory, financial, accounting other advice, and this white paper not intended provide the sole basis for any evaluation transaction acquiring the ins tokens. prior acquiring the ins tokens, prospective purchaser should consult with his/her own legal, investment, tax, accounting, and other advisors determine the potential benefits, burdens, and other consequences such transaction. nothing this white paper shall deemed constitute prospectus any sort solicitation for investment, nor does any way pertain offering solicitation offer buy any securities any jurisdiction. this document not composed accordance with, and not subject to, laws regulations any jurisdiction which prohibits any manner restricts transactions respect of, with use of, digital tokens. the ins token not digital currency, security, commodity, any other kind financial instrument and has not been registered under the securities act the securities laws any state the united states america the securities laws any other country, including the securities laws any jurisdiction which potential token holder resident. the ins tokens are not being offered distributed to, well can not resold otherwise alienated their holders to, citizens of, natural and legal persons, having their habitual residence, location their seat incorporation the country territory where transactions with digital tokens are prohibited any manner restricted applicable laws regulations. such restricted person purchases the ins tokens, such restricted person has done unlawful, unauthorized and fraudulent basis and this regard shall bear negative consequences. ins neither offers distributes the ins tokens nor carries business (activity) any regulated activity singapore, people's republic china other countries and territories where transactions respect of, with use of, digital tokens fall under the restrictive regulations require from ins registered licensed with any applicable governmental authorities. each purchaser the ins tokens reminded that this white paper has been presented him/her the basis that he/she person into whose attention the document may lawfully presented accordance with the laws the purchaser's jurisdiction. the responsibility each potential purchaser the ins tokens determine the purchaser can legally purchase the ins tokens the purchaser's jurisdiction and whether the purchaser can then resell the ins tokens another purchaser any given jurisdiction. certain statements, estimates and financial information contained this white paper constitute forward-looking statements information. such forward-looking statements information involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties which may cause actual events results differ materially from the estimates the results implied expressed such forward-looking statements information. the english language white paper the primary official source information about the project. the information contained english language white paper may from time time translated into other languages. the course such translation some the information contained the english language white paper may lost, corrupted misrepresented. the accuracy such alternative communications cannot guaranteed. the event any conflicts inconsistencies between such translations and the official english language white paper, the provisions the english language original document shall prevail. contents abstract introduction grocery market challenges founders' experience market overview global grocery market online grocery market ins ecosystem overview ecosystem participants blockchain smart contracts ins platform key components and processes consumers' and manufacturers' incentives apps interfaces roadmap development roadmap geographical expansion plan ins token structure usage adoption token sale summary token sale proceeds kyc escrow ins promo token (insp) airdrop team advisors advisors core team risk factors abstract this white paper explores global grocery market challenges, technology paradigm shift offering transformative potential, and the business and technical aspects the solution ins developing for capitalizing this potential. highlights the paper follow below: the grocery market, one the largest consumer markets the world, forecast reach trillion reaching digital tipping point, with much its growth come from online. online grocery, being the target segment for ins, expected grow from billion billion according idg estimates. despite the tremendous growth, the grocery market has two large interrelated problems abuse grocery retailers and ineffective trade promotions. the grocery market dominated retailers. retail chains capture very high share grocery revenue and have huge influence over manufacturers, causing deep impact consumers worldwide. retailers dictate what food grown and how processed, packaged, priced and promoted. example, the uk, four retailers serve slim conduit for manufactures sell their products million households, which demonstrates how the existence retailer abuse the grocery industry has not only been allowed develop but also thrived. source: consumers international. ineffective, costly and outdated trade promotions practice. trade promotion spending represent manufacturer's sales. each year, over billion trade promotions never reaches the consumer. unfairness today's promotion-laden atmosphere hand hand with the rising costs promotions and the inefficiencies they produce. manufacturers admit that trade promotions inefficiency extremely important issue. ins implementing decentralized ecosystem enabling consumers save everyday shopping buying directly from grocery manufacturers. direct interaction between consumers and manufacturers. bypassing retailers and wholesalers means more personalized and transparent grocery shopping experience lower prices. sonsumers will able decide which brands they want and goods they need. call "consumption since century customers are tired from one-way street type communication, whereby retailers push goods onto them that maximize retailer's profit not what consumers really want. also want consumers have unimpeded access independent and local manufacturers, including farmers, that not fit retailer supply chain procurement terms and can't get their goods retail shelves. enabling manufacturers market their goods directly the consumers. more costly and inefficient trade promotions grabbed retailers and wholesalers. ins will enable manufacturers create bespoke marketing programs reward their customers directly. these programs run smart contracts and powered the ins token means reward. source: eloitte merican marketing association source: deloitte ibid. for smaller manufacturers. savings average are expected. similar miles-based reward programs many airlines, but more advanced, cheaper run and personalized thanks smart contracts behind them. this was hardly possible before the blockchain and smart contract era. ins has the prerequisites perform ambitious task disrupting the grocery industry based our deep industry knowledge and confirmed interest from the largest grocery manufacturers the world. more than years grocery industry track record ins founded veterans the online grocery industry, using the knowledge and experience acquired since have built strong relationships manufacturers and gained valuable feedback from consumers. ins received strong interest from both large and small consumer goods manufacturers the world. selected logos manufacturers that expressed interest sign (on global regional basis) are provided below. introduction grocery market challenges abuses buyer power retailers the global grocery industry dominated mass-market retail chains. the national level many countries, large share the grocery market frequently the hands few retailers. while some amounts buyer power are understandable and simply desirable for competitive advantage, the high level concentration causes growing imbalance buyer power within the supply chain. exerting buyer power natural when not abused understandable that any industry participant would seek bigger volumes tool for negotiating better prices. but retailers push the limits what fair. grocery retailers are perpetually and aggressively extracting better terms from already squeezed manufacturers, going far beyond the benefits player should receive for attaining economies scale. large small, manufacturer has enough power global constituents, such procter gamble, nestle, and unilever, play role the industry and have more negotiating power than small manufacturers. still, these companies simply are match for the extensive control retailers have end-customers throughout the supply chain. for example, wal-mart's sales are approximately times greater than those its largest supplier, procter gamble. wal-mart accounted for procter gamble sales retailer buyer abuse extends beyond normal pressure the explanation this pressure abuse buyer power. such power allows retailers determine what will and will not stocked, and what terms, such sources, quantity, quality, delivery schedules, packaging, returns policy, and above all, price and payment conditions. indeed, supermarket company wields important bargaining chip, namely the threat stop selling one more products. evidence retail power abuse the competition commission the uk, for example, did find that major retailers enjoy price advantage that exceeds the cost difference. additional departures from proper retail conduct included: delaying payments manufacturers beyond source: sloan review, rebuilding the relationship between manufacturers and retailers (). source: rocter gamble annual report (). the terms the contracts; and changing quantities product-quality specifications less than three days' notice, and without paying compensation manufacturer. the figure below offers specific evidence retail buyer power abuse and lack adherence codes conduct, which was covered various news outlets. recent evidence retailer abuse and lack adherence codes conduct ins will help grocery manufacturers bypass retailers and wholesalers and directly sell and promote their products consumers. source: gordon mills, buyer power supermarkets. supply chain inefficiencies high distances between manufacture and consumption the average meal the travels about miles get from farm plate. this problem relevant for many countries and leads acute financial and ecological consequences with significant adverse impact the long-term. food miles, the distance food travels from the place has been grown where ultimately consumed purchased, increase significantly when buyers import food from other parts the country, region world. waste various areas the supply chain distribution centers and grocery store shelves, food being wasted. every night, some perishable items must thrown out. according recent survey, million pounds food served supermarkets, yet nearly third wasted annually. unfortunately, current retail systems are designed reduce stock-outs rather than measure and manage food waste. therefore, managers optimize ensure food left over the shelf. ins will decrease food miles, enabling consumers unimpededly access local manufacturers, including farmers. ins will implement the effective "pull" system reduce inventories and out-of-stocks that would decrease the food waste. trade promotions are ineffective, costly and outdated grocery manufacturers spend their sales trade promotions. trade promotions comprise growing category manufacturer expenses directed wholesale and retail distributors rather than consumers. manufacturers spend more than billion trade promotions annually, and according some reports that spend generates negative returns and leads higher grocery prices. ins targeting replace trade promotions with more personalized, direct and efficient marketing, thus driving grocery prices down and facilitating the effective direct interaction between manufacturers and consumers. source: cuesa, how far does your food travel get your plate? source: nrdc, food miles: how far your food travels has serious consequences for your health and the climate (). source: npr, supermarkets waste tons food they woo shoppers (). source: refed, inventory management challenges source: the boston consulting group, estimate (). founders' experience ins founders gained first-hand and practical experience the grocery industry while developing and growing instamart, the largest venture-backed grocery delivery operator russia. instamart employs over people, has signed contracts with the largest retailers the country, and works with the leading grocery manufacturers. four years operating experience the grocery retail sector helped identify major inefficiencies and abuses the industry's current construct. ins pursue large opportunity disrupt the global grocery retail market via establishing decentralized and fair ecosystem that directly connects manufacturers and consumers. instamart's select corporate customers instamart's staff action instamart developed direct relationship with manufacturers, including the world's largest multinational fmcg companies. the company has launched number marketing projects aimed direct communication between the brands and consumers, including banners, sponsored deliveries, traffic generation, sampling and co-branded packaging. select fmcg counterparties instamart has attracted some the most experienced investors with exceptional track-record tech and the grocery industry. investors mail.ru group, founded legendary investor yuri milner, the largest internet company eastern europe and the world's largest company pageviews. mail.ru group owns social networks (vk, odnoklassniki), gaming (armored warfare, skyforge, perfect world), map services (maps.me), car sharing (beepcar), and food delivery (delivery club). lev khasis first deputy ceo sberbank the largest retail bank russia, with decent experience retail: sergey solonin ceo retail group the largest grocery retail chain russia (-) senior vice-president wal-mart (-) vice-chairman jet.com (acquired wal-mart for billion board member boxed.com board member lendinghome.com entrepreneur with over years experience the payment services and banking industries. founder and ceo qiwi group, the leading provider next generation payment services russia and the cis with turnover exceeding billion ilya yakubson one the best executives the retail space. was recognised "man the year retail ex-ceo dixy, grocery retail chain russia (-) market overview global grocery market the grocery market one the largest consumer markets the world: expected reach trillion with share customer's wallet grocery retailers have acquired dominant market share and high concentration: the market many countries controlled handful retailers the grocery industry reaching digital tipping point, with much its growth expected come from online very large market with extensive impact the global grocery industry forecasted grow annually from reaching estimated trillion the grocery market defensive one which means that tends stay stable good and bad economic times, given there will always demand for food. one the biggest segments retail and comprising significant share the consumer's wallet, the industry has deep impact grocery sector stakeholders, particularly manufacturers and consumers. example the consumer impact, the figure below shows the portion consumers' household spending food variety countries. share household expenditures spent groceries ource: persistence research, ood retail market will reach $,. billion globally (). source: usda, economic research service (). high market concentration leads higher prices the concentration grocery retail markets high throughout the world. top grocery retail corporations comprise incredibly high share the market. for example, portugal, the grocery market controlled the nation's top three retailers. the market becomes more concentrated, competition gets weaker and prices grocery products rise. share national grocery market controlled top retail chains source: consumers international, planet retail, nielsen. online grocery market online grocery, being the target segment for ins, expected grow from billion billion grocery the last major consumer market moving rapidly into online, offering tremendous opportunities for those who will lead this shift ins well equipped lead the online grocery segment and addressing key consumer demands cheaper prices, higher convenience, better quality, and unique rewards directly from manufacturers online grocery will explode the global online grocery market increased igd projects double-digit annual growth rates for online grocery largest markets top global markets alone are expected explode from billion billion top online global grocery markets and forecast source: igd, top online global grocery markets and forecast (). ibid. demand and supply drivers consumers are becoming increasingly time-starved. the rapid growth online grocery retail can attributed various factors such demographic profile consumers, number working women, good internet connectivity, rising usage smartphones, convenience, etc. traditional in-store buying grocery becoming more cumbersome given the fast pace lives, especially urban areas. moreover, buyers are overcoming the biases wanting touch and see food and grocery products before buying. consumers, pressed for time, are looking for options which offer increased convenience and save time. online grocery buying offers exactly that and hence gaining popularity across consumer segments. demand drivers on-demand economy expectations time-starved lifestyle large cities worsening traffic conditions growing smartphone usage growing middle class large urban areas supply drivers advent mobile technology automated fulfillment solutions new marketplace models that require less capital expenditure crowdsourcing economy driving affordable, quick delivery price, quality products, convenience and special promotions are the most important drivers that influence consumer behavior. most important grocery purchasing decision drivers for consumers ins will enable consumers buy high-quality groceries cheaper prices and receive direct rewards from manufacturers, thus driving consumers buy groceries online with convenience. ource: nielsen, the future grocery (). ibid. global average. ins ecosystem overview the ins ecosystem will become the first global decentralized grocery marketplace where consumers can buy products directly from manufacturers, enjoy low transparent prices for wide range high quality products, and save direct promotions. manufacturers compete for consumers and interact with them directly. comparison with competitors ins ecosystem offline retail stores amazon fresh instacart other online grocery delivery price quality convenience promotions from manufacturer assortment ins ecosystem limited, incorporated bvi company ("ins"), the official entity that creates the ins tokens, platform and technology. ins focused releasing open source cryptographic technologies that enable operation the ins ecosystem. for the avoidance doubt, the ins tokens not provide token holders with any ownership other interest ins. token holders are not entitled any guaranteed form dividends, revenue distributions, and voting rights. become ecosystem participant, the user creates account the ins platform. during the registration, the system will create user profile and wallet. each participant the ecosystem will provided with wallet that preserves all data the decentralized database and interact with other parties, utilizing smart contracts. plan place the ins token cryptographic token exchanges, giving opportunity openly buy them (to residents countries where the purchase digital tokens does not violate local laws). ecosystem participants the ecosystem will built accordance with scalable and decentralized approach that ensures stability and sustainability the long term. the ecosystem will involve the following participants, which will participate depicted the next diagram: platform consumers manufacturers fulfillment (fulfillment center operators and workers, couriers) the fees described the ecosystem map above may subject change later stage. platform the ins platform decentralized marketplace that allows manufacturers join, publish their products for sale, carry out promotion and loyalty campaigns, and get feedback from consumers. enables consumers order those products and facilitates the order fulfillment process. ins roles include: ins token creation and the token launch fund development and expansion establishment decentralized, fair and secure model for order execution development smart contracts run the order payment and fulfillment process release the customer website and app, fulfillment app for fulfillment center workers and couriers, and web interfaces for manufacturers and fulfillment center operators creation effective incentive model for all parties join the ins ecosystem development active marketing campaigns ignite initial traction elaboration the ecosystem's regulatory aspects manufacturers manufacturers are companies individuals the business fresh produce, groceries and consumable household items. they could range from local farmers large multinationals, such procter gamble, unilever, coca-cola, etc. manufacturer roles include: publish products deliver products ordered consumers fulfillment centers promote the ins ecosystem bringing traffic via promotions derived apps consumers consumers are individuals companies that want buy online high-quality groceries cheaper prices. orders can placed via the ins website, ins app custom apps derived manufacturers from the app reference implementation. consumer roles include: search products listed manufacturers, make orders and pay for them participate feedback requests receive promotion, loyalty, referral and feedback rewards fulfillment fulfillment center operators fulfillment center operators are owners operators existing warehousing facilities and/or delivery fleet. they provide the space where workers take products delivered manufacturers and assemble orders. ins will engage independent fulfillment center operators join the ecosystem ignite fast geographical expansion. fulfillment center workers fulfillment center workers, employed fulfillment center operator acting independent contractors, will follow instructions received via the ins fulfillment app to: collect products delivered manufacturers fulfillment centers assemble products into orders pass assembled orders couriers ins exploring also attracting independent workers join the ecosystem. couriers couriers, employed courier company acting independent contractors, will follow instructions received via the ins fulfillment app to: pick orders from fulfillment centers deliver orders consumers ins will seek attract independent couriers and courier companies join the ecosystem. blockchain smart contracts blockchain shared-database technology, mostly popular for underpinning bitcoin digital currency. works with linked databases that update digital ledgers unceasingly. smart contracts are self-executing contracts with the terms the agreement between buyer and seller being directly written into lines code. the code and the agreements contained therein exist across distributed, decentralized blockchain network. smart contracts permit trusted transactions and agreements carried out among disparate, anonymous parties without the need for central authority, legal system, external enforcement mechanism. they render transactions traceable, transparent, and irreversible. the ins platform designed very high-load system. the market potential for the ins ecosystem consists millions users, each them making dozens orders per year. the main focus performance, which seek smart contracts support, predictability, stability, and ease use. plan use the most proven and scalable open source technologies and constantly monitor alternative technical implementations. the existing blockchain platforms such ethereum have inherent limitation transaction bandwidth (currently limiting dozen tx/sec), and prospective platforms and frameworks are only the development stage, also consider designing and developing our own ins blockchain platform the future, where nodes are selected from semi-trusted set supporters. given the trust the nodes, will implement one much faster consensus algorithms from the bft family (honeybadgerbft/zyzzyva/others), enabling thousands transactions per second. smart contract virtual machine will run top the consensus algorithm. the state the ins blockchain will regularly anchored the most popular smart contract ledgers (at least eth) that proofs state and proofs transaction (within ins) can verified ethereum smart contracts (like currently done btcrelay will done the future plasma). common optimization techniques such state sharding and payment channels will also implemented. blockchain applications ins smart contracts payments supply chain management smart contracts blockchain and smart contracts provide the tools and framework create new generation marketplaces where supply and demand sides can engage trusted trading transactions, according various business rules, without the need central brokerage entity. consequently, the same way online marketplaces disrupted many traditional brick and mortar businesses, blockchain and smart contracts will give birth new kind peer-to-peer marketplaces that will unsettle the current ones. ins will provide number smart contract templates that will used facilitate the sale mechanism. the peer-to-peer structure the perfect fit for the decentralized nature the ins ecosystem and has the benefit handing over the power back the people participating the ecosystem. payments the payment process e-commerce currently entails more than different steps settle transaction and separate fees pay for payment gateways, thus making transaction fees range from long route that could cut short with blockchain use. blockchain the perfect tool for ecommerce more efficient and more trustful. payment processing through blockchain has significantly bigger potential for transaction high speeds and low prices, let alone all the possible variety ways smart contracts can improve both ecommerce and payments. tokenized ledger will provide complete token-based system, similar "real" money where tokens are sent and exchanged different times and for different reasons, based predefined rules and events. supply chain management e-commerce companies must manage complex supply chain manufacturers, third-party vendors, carriers and logistics providers. blockchain the transaction, containing order details and negotiated fees and commissions (in the form smart contracts) will used capture documents, delivery and possible return events, and drive financial settlement with fewer opportunities for dispute. the public-private nature blockchain records means that each party can make data visible the others. all parties have visibility into the transaction and custom interface has negotiated between partners (only to/from the blockchain). the blockchain the system record for the entire transaction. doesn't merely record the transaction, drives the whole process. this will reduce time delays, added costs and human errors that plague transactions today, automate inventory control, and streamline fulfillment processes, but errors some extent are possible since grocery products are not digital, the blockchain records their track inevitably post-factum. ins platform key components and processes products products the consumer markets constitute the basic item that actions revolve around. make simple and convenient, products the ins platform are required have several defined parameters, such name, category assignment, volume, price, description, ingredients, etc. that makes easy find and choose products for ordering. placing order consumers choose products buy, specify delivery details, and pay fiat, btc, eth ins tokens. depending the payment method, consumers will eligible different prices and rewards. payment method prices access rewards fiat currencies general prices card fees limited btc, eth general prices transaction fees (e.g. ethereum gas price) limited ins tokens general prices almost transaction fees full consumer can order products using the official ins website, the official app derivation the official app released specific manufacturer. product search the decentralized file storage network (we explore different options from ipfs storj) used maintain up-to-date databases products listed manufacturers. consumers can apply sorting and filters choose what they want buy. manufacturers may distribute proprietary apps derived from the reference implementation, which they can choose specific sorting methods and filters for products. consumers that shopped online say they are very likely switch grocers for better online shopping experience (quick, easy, convenient, enjoyable). browsing tens thousands products online can very daunting for consumers, will make easy possible for them find the products that they love. for instance, will provide catalogue filters for item attributes such local, gluten-free, organic and sale. will use the -to- personalization right from the homepage where consumers should feel that the experience has been tailored specifically them. consumers will see their previous orders, have access their most frequently purchased items, and shown products and specials that are relevant based their shopping history. the -to- personalization will extend search results, the products displayed the top each department, product recommendations the cart, and daily/weekly offers. rewards today's consumers have range choices about where shop, and sellers need work hard earn repeat business. rewards and discount programs give customers more reason come back again, especially the competitive grocery market. the ins ecosystem, manufacturers will able apply any logic the smart contract create bespoke reward programs according their needs. loyalty loyalty reward mechanisms one the best ways for manufacturers easily set loyalty program reward long-term customers. payments are processed smart contracts making possible proof that consumer eligible for reward. manufacturers set the rules such reward type, expiration date, product lists that the reward can spent on, amount, etc. loyalty reward instruments will coded smart contract, which accepts reward funds from the manufacturer and distributes them those who provide proofs eligibility linked consumer wallets. source: unata (). promotion automated promotion reward mechanism built incentivize consumers make first order. promotion reward mechanism will coded smart contract, where manufacturers set the rules (expiration date, list products, customer parameters, etc.) and deposit tokens that can only used buy pre-defined products during limited period time. cross-marketing cross-marketing mechanism will used manufacturers promote products new audiences and generate more sales. manufacturers can find partners other manufacturers that created custom apps and sell complementary products, and cross-promote each other. cross-marketing reward instruments will coded smart contract, where the product details and reward rules are specified. the cross-marketing mechanism intends incentivize manufacturers share app traffic with other manufacturers and help consumers discover more products. referral ins will create the ins reserve fund the part the token generation event with the primary goal use these tokens referral rewards new customers and popularize the ins ecosystem. feedback manufacturers, seeking receive direct customer feedback their products, will able incentivise consumers with ins tokens motivate them participate. the feedback reward mechanism allows set specific set parameters and create focus group consumers from whom manufacturer wants receive feedback. the customer data will not shared with manufacturers and will initially processed centralized way the ins platform, but later decentralized consumers will provide privacy-preserving proofs eligibility which enable them submitting feedback without being identified. minimum balance manufacturers will required hold balance ins tokens equal some portion previous month sales guarantee the ability pay all types rewards. manufacturers can either keep tokens received from consumers buy tokens exchanges comply with the requirement. rating score the reputation system important establish trust between counterparties. initially rating scores will deployed for manufacturers and fulfillment parties, and later might possibly include consumers too. plan code the rating smart contracts that they would count the ratings and accept privacy-preserving proofs validity from consumers, while satisfying the following security requirements: transparency: should clear how the ratings are accrued legitimacy: only certain set participants (i.e. manufacturer's customers) are able rate integrity: should difficult, not impossible, manipulate the ratings privacy: the consumers who rate not disclose their identity other personal details order status all smart contracts are limited their ability read data outside the blockchain. the natural way make smart contracts process external data submit digitally signed proper participant (oracle) from off-chain that contract can verify the signature and process the data. the order status report will form automatically during the fulfillment process and contain the following signed confirmations: manufacturer: supply request received and fulfilled worker: products delivered fulfillment center worker: order assembled and ready for delivery courier: order picked courier: order delivered consumer: order received each participant has private key his account securely encrypted and stored the wallet, and the latter also creates and verifies signatures that the entire process smooth. once the statuses are reflected on-chain, this data available other participants various smart contracts the system. dispute resolution maintaining high rating score incentivises all ecosystem participants act truthfully, rendering the dispute mechanism unnecessary practice the vast majority cases. the dispute mechanism will built make easy possible solve dispute without calling party arbiter. failed, ins employee will serve arbiter. the dispute result can influence the rating score for both defendant and complainant. personal data security handling personal data securely task great importance us. due the public nature data the blockchain, cannot store such information customer names, addresses, mobile numbers, kyc data, and documentation there. permissions the blockchain will made easily verifiable allow cooperation different entities the ecosystem. the actual personal data and information will stored centralized storage, managed and secured ins. the decentralization continues, will store less and less personal data. the secure storage will allow accessing the data without the need for usernames passwords using the following scheme: when the data saved into the storage will linked the public identifier the entity such blockchain address the party that wants retrieve the data should confirm their identity signing the request with the private key that corresponds their blockchain address storage service will get the information about permissions from blockchain, check that the signature valid and the requester has the right access the data the check successful, the data will returned the requestor and confirmation record will made the blockchain consumers' and manufacturers' incentives incentives for manufacturers publish products make them easily available for ordering provide fair prices their products and compete openly with other manufacturers customise the ins official app according their own branding, promote consumers increase repeated usage and earn cross-marketing rewards serve trustful manner keep high rating score and attract more consumers provide attractive promotion and loyalty rewards acquire and retain consumers get direct customer feedback incentives for consumers order everyday grocery and consumable products cheaper than retail stores get orders delivered the doorstep without need spend time offline shopping leave feedback influence manufacturers get different types rewards apps interfaces plan develop and publish website and mobile apps for consumers, well mobile apps and web interfaces for all other ecosystem participants. consumer apps website consumers will shop for groceries and provide feedback the website the apps. the official consumer app implements the consumer side the model including access smart contracts and access products from decentralized cloud storage. the app will published open source software github and serve the formal reference implementation. manufacturers can alter the official app and release their own branded and customized apps. will publish open source customization software development kit (sdk) with tutorials and documentation make the app customization process easy possible. customized app implementations are not forks the ins platform and are not forks the ins token but simply different client for the same network. fulfillment app the fulfillment app will provide smooth order fulfillment process allow fulfillment center workers and couriers coordinate with each other, manufacturers and consumers. the fulfillment app will published android play. web interface for manufacturers the web interface for manufacturers will run web browser without the requirement local installation and allow perform all actions, including listing and editing products, performing stock control, setting delivery options and reward policies. web interface for fulfillment center operators the web interface for fulfillment center operators will run web browser without the requirement local installation and allow set warehousing fees, receive statistics and earning reports. roadmap our roadmap involves many different aspects, such technology development, operational infrastructure installment, signing partnerships, and launching marketing initiatives. the preliminary roadmap presented below. dates and activities may subject change. development roadmap our goal create the leading decentralized consumer marketplace used broad audiences maintaining thriving ecosystem consumers willing buy everyday products lower prices and manufacturers looking sell directly and surpass existing retail chains. our main role develop the open source technology required for running the platform and create successful model incentivize all participants. milestone platform implementation the first milestone the implementation the decentralized ins platform. always welcome feedback from the community regarding the specifics and plan continually improve the platform make fully secure and transparent. after the ico period, all contributors will receive the erc compatible ins token the ethereum network. after launching the ins platform own blockchain platform blockchain platform that will chosen from the list suitable alternatives, token native that platform will deployed. the erc compatible ins token will exchanged -to- with native ins token. the main part the decentralized platform will implemented set smart contracts carrying out the behaviors described the ins platform section this document. the official smart contracts will published open source software github and include implementation for: basic functionality like trading tokens between addresses product publishing fulfillment process reporting reward mechanisms milestone apps and web interfaces development while the first milestone concentrates the backend the system, the second milestone concentrates the frontend and end-user experience. plan release the consumer website, reference implementation the consumer app, and the fulfillment app. plan use react/react native technologies share most the codebase between web/mobile. the apps will include thin client based standard open source implementation that will allow the apps communicate with the various smart contracts the ins platform. the web interface for manufacturers and fulfillment center operators will run web browser without the requirement local installation. milestone ecosystem expansion with the majority required technology for operating the ins ecosystem scale available, our main focus will shift from development growth. investment network growth will not wait until all development has been finalized and will take place parallel soon viable versions the apps and interfaces are available for preliminary release. growth the network two-sided and depends both manufacturers and consumers. manufacturers the ins ecosystem will benefit from many high-quality manufacturers joining the ecosystem possible. manufacturers are the publishers and providers products the ecosystem and serve engines for driving traffic. manufacturers consume ins tokens provide all types reward programs. channels for attracting manufacturers include manufacturers who already supported the ins idea, direct contacts with manufacturers, participation relevant meetings and conferences, forming partnerships with manufacturer associations, and providing guidance and support new manufacturers interested joining the ecosystem order make the process seamless possible. consumers the more active consumers are the network, the more turnover and the greater the profits will for manufacturers. greater turnover increases the ecosystem value. channels for increasing the consumer base include marketing and promotion the ins apps and website broader audiences and promotion the online grocery delivery general. attracting more consumers not the only avenue growth; improving engagement existing customers equally important. customer retention the network can increased ongoing improvement the core product. geographical expansion plan plan choose cities for expansion based the population size, income level and grocery market concentration ratio. the map below presents preliminary list cities, which might subject change progress with the project. ins founders' previous experience with instamart serves very solid jump start. plan actively engage independent fulfillment center owners join the ins ecosystem, further accelerating expansion and enhancing the decentralized nature the ecosystem. ins token structure after the ico period, all contributors will receive erc exchangeable ins tokens the ethereum network. whenever the ins blockchain launched with its own token mechanism, the erc token will always accepted for exchange new token -to-. the ins token core component the ins ecosystem and designed facilitate all kinds operations that make the token integral part the ecosystem and the driver for its economy. the ins token fractionally divisible, transferable and fungible.the token balances and transfers will tracked ins. the case any force majeure, such large token theft, contract compromise, disrupting change ethereum protocol, ins may opt freeze token transfers and issue new token contract with balances replacing that the original token registry certain date. the case ethereum fork, ins will properly announce which branch will support. ins token contract address: xbeadfbceedecfeeeba usage the ins token planned the only means exchange for handling all types rewards and one the means payment within the ins ecosystem. plan that ins tokens will accepted payment method partner services. ins token usage manufacturers rewards: loyalty, promotion, cross-marketing, feedback minimum balance hold consumers payment for orders ins referral rewards consumers adoption one our key goals the introduction decentralized consumer marketplace audiences that have little experience with cryptocurrencies and likely have little-to-no knowledge blockchain-based technologies. the ins ecosystem will expanding beyond the crypto community and focusing its activity the broad audiences. providing services this audience requires perfect knowledge the grocery industry and its specifics. given extensive industry experience, our team knows exactly what consumers want. will make very simple and straightforward for consumers buy, earn and use ins tokens. the complexities opening and maintaining cryptocurrency wallet will made seamless the ins website and apps. token sale summary start date: (gmt) december payment methods: btc, eth, ltc, dash, usd (bank transfer) soft cap: eth hard cap: eth token exchange rate: eth ins tokens total token supply (max): min purchase: eth bonuses: contribution amount above eth eth below eth day days week week the exact number tokens generated depends the amount funds contributed token creation, minting mining after the end the ico period tokens will transferable once the ico completed the soft cap not reached, funds will returned the participants upon reaching the hard cap, the ico will end immediately the token distribution proportional the number ins tokens generated: ico participants team (subject vesting and lockup) advisors, early supporters, bounty reserve fund ins team's tokens are locked for years with four -month vesting periods advisors' and early supporters' tokens are locked for months the reserve fund's tokens distribution will start and last for years with the primary goal incentivize new customers join and accelerate adoption the ins ecosystem broad audiences bounty referral campaign activity bounty pool* bitcointalk signature sampaign blog article video campaign social media (facebook twitter) translations telegram miscellaneous *the bounty pool ins tokens. see details bitcointalk ttps://goo.gl/knhzh activity referrals reward tokens purchased referral reward referral link owner based the number tokens purchased using the referral link. those who bought tokens using reference link receive extra bonus. the end the ico all sold tokens are considered the total supply, distributed the ins team, advisors, early supporters and bounties receivers. the remaining tokens will held the reserve fund. tokens from the reserve fund will used wisely reward new customers join the ecosystem and accelerate adoption. token sale proceeds the funds raised during the ico are planned used accordance with the roadmap. planned fund allocation amount research development $,, marketing sales $,, admin operations $,, legal contingency our roadmap assumes development all features for the ins platform and feature-rich apps and interfaces for all ecosystem participants, well strong sales and marketing support accelerate adoption manufacturers and consumers. research development costs cover all r&d expenses, including design and development smart contracts, cryptographic mechanisms, the ins platform, apps and interfaces, sdk, etc. includes opening r&d center with approximately engineers. admin operations costs include salaries all ins employees excluding the r&d team. marketing sales budget will allocated acquisition both manufacturers and consumers. legal costs include all legal expenses associated with expansion the ins ecosystem different countries. contingency fund calculated the total budget. kyc the tokens are not being offered distributed to, well can not resold otherwise alienated their holders citizens of, natural and legal persons, having their habitual residence, location their seat incorporation the country territory where transactions with digital tokens are prohibited any manner restricted applicable laws regulations, will become prohibited restricted any time after this agreement becomes effective ("restricted persons"). not accept participation from the restricted persons and reserve the right refuse cancel the ins token purchase requests any time our sole discretion when the information provided the purchasers within the kyc procedure not sufficient, inaccurate misleading, the purchaser deemed restricted person. escrow all payments received for ins tokens connection with the ins token sale will held escrow multi-signature wallet. keys will stay with the ins team and nektorov saveliev partners, cross-border provider legal services and member yingke, asia's largest global legal services network. nsp has partner offices over countries, including china, the uk, switzerland and italy. ins promo token (insp) airdrop insp tokens airdropped all ethereum addresses with >=.eth. snapshot eth token holders was taken november st. insp token provides additional bonus purchase ins tokens during the token sale. insp promo token and can not exchanged into ins token. insp token contract address: xdddcdcacceae insp token airdrop goals: fair, equal opportunity for many different people get involved facilitate activity and capture wider audience airdrop recipients not need anything receive the insp tokens. ignore any requests for your private keys. team advisors ins founders, peter fedchenkov and dmitry zhulin, have known each other since and work together since ins supported world-renowned advisors. selected team experience advisors eyal hertzog product advisor bancor's co-founder, chief architect and head product development. eyal serial entrepreneur, founder metacafe and contact networks, outspoken thought leader cryptocurrency and the internet. michael terpin advisor founder and ceo transform group, firm with over successful icos. co-founder and chairman bitangels, digital currency investor group. founder and conference director coinagenda. special advisor the alphabit fund moe levin advisor ceo keynote, executive committee member the global blockchain council, founder the north american bitcoin conference. moe visionary entrepreneur and recognized leader the crypto space david wachsman advisor the founder wachsman pr, the world's largest blockchain-focused public relations agency, leading communications for projects such dash, iconomi, aragon, kraken, lisk, and kik, amongst many others dr. rawi abdelal academic advisor the herbert johnson professor international management harvard business school and the director harvard's davis center for russian and eurasian studies sebastian stupurac community advisor co-founder wings, successful community engagement and smart contract facilitation platform, one the few working dapps the ethereum blockchain. vast experience decentralized solutions and blockchain technology since ilya perekopsky ico advisor co-founder blackmoon financial group million ico sep-). one the early employees and recently vice-president vk, the leading social network russia with more than million users globally george strategy advisor co-founder and ceo wetrust.io, company building financial dapps. previously with google business strategy and mckinsey co. stanford university alum. core team peter fedchenkov dmitry zhulin founder founder brings wealth retail and tech experience. previously with goldman sachs and ibm. teaches class retail the stockholm school economics. harvard business school mba venture capital and private equity professional with focus retail and ecommerce. years investing experience crypto-assets. previously with vtb capital private equity, rothschild and pwc. university london, pgd finance dmitry khovratovich prabhakar reddy blockchain smart contracts asia expansion recognized expert cryptography and security years, citations). designer argon (the winner the password hashing competition) and equihash serial entrepreneur, years experience running successful businesses india, dubai and san francisco. harvard business school mba pavel yakshankin michael schmidt technology expansion years leading development teams. previously with undev, funbox and voltmbi. railsclub conference speaker. experienced ruby, javascript, erlang entrepreneur and engineer with wealth experience launching new technology products. georgia institute technology ms. harvard business school mba fedor lisitsyn frank van der tol manufacturer relationships europe expansion experienced strategy professional with significant experience fmcg sector. previously with mckinsey company with focus operational projects. mba candidate harvard business school experienced fmcg retail professional (food and non-food). over years experience fmcg/retail, ecommerce and online marketplaces. previously with accenture. erasmus university rotterdam economics msc, tias school for business society mba maria lapuk dmitry gladkov over years experience digital pr. one the most recognized leaders the region. maria's awards include "pr profile the year "most influential networker "pr professional the year legal advisor partner nektorov, saveliev partners law firm award years experience corporate law and financing advisory. ex-general counsel ubs (moscow). llm from university georgia school law risk factors acquisition the ins tokens involves high degree risk. each potential purchaser the ins tokens should carefully consider the following information about these risks before decides buy the ins tokens. any the following risks actually occurs, the ins platform and the value the ins tokens could materially adversely affected. risks and uncertainties described below this white paper may not the only ones token holders face. additional risks and uncertainties may also materially adversely affect the ins platform the value the ins tokens. risks connected the value ins tokens lack development market for ins tokens. because there has been prior public trading market for the ins tokens, the sale the ins tokens described this white paper may not result active liquid market for the ins tokens, and their price may highly volatile. although applications have been made the cryptographic token exchanges for the ins tokens admitted trading, active public market may not develop sustained after the ins token sale. liquid trading market for the ins tokens does not develop, the price the ins tokens may become more volatile and token holder may unable sell otherwise transact the ins tokens any time. risks relating highly speculative traded price. the valuation digital tokens secondary market usually not transparent, and highly speculative. the ins tokens not hold any ownership rights company's assets and, therefore, are not backed any tangible asset. traded price the ins tokens can fluctuate greatly within short period time. there high risk that token holder could lose his/her entire contribution amount. the worst-case scenario, the ins tokens could rendered worthless. ins tokens may have value. the ins tokens may have value and there guarantee representation liquidity for the ins tokens. company parties are not and shall not responsible for liable for the market value the ins tokens, the transferability and/or liquidity the ins tokens and/or the availability any market for the ins tokens through third parties otherwise. for the purposes this section the white paper, the term "company parties" shall include company and its respective past, present and future employees, officers, directors, contractors, consultants, attorneys, accountants, financial advisors, equity holders, suppliers, vendors, service providers, parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, representatives, predecessors, successors and assigns (hereinafter this section "company parties"). ins tokens may non-refundable. except for provided legally binding documentation prescribed the applicable legislation, company parties are not obliged provide the ins token holders with refund related the ins tokens. promises future performance price are will made respect the ins tokens, including promise inherent value, promise continuing payments, and guarantee that the tokens will hold any particular value. therefore, the recovery spent resources may impossible may subject foreign laws regulations, which may not the same the private law the ins token holder. blockchain and software risks blockchain delay risk. the most blockchains used for cryptocurrencies' transactions (e.g., ethereum, bitcoin blockchains), timing block production determined proof work block production can occur random times. for example, the cryptocurrency sent payment for the ins tokens the final seconds the ins token sale may not get included into that period. the respective blockchain may not include the purchaser's transaction the time the purchaser expects and the payment for the ins tokens may reach the intended wallet address not the same day the purchaser sends the cryptocurrency. blockchain congestion risk. the most blockchains used for cryptocurrencies' transactions (e.g., ethereum, bitcoin blockchains) are prone periodic congestion during which transactions can delayed lost. individuals may also intentionally spam the network attempt gain advantage purchasing cryptographic tokens. that may result situation where block producers may not include the purchaser's transaction when the purchaser wants the purchaser's transaction may not included all. risk software weaknesses. the token smart contract concept, the underlying software application and software platform (i.e. the ethereum, bitcoin blockchains) are still early development stage and unproven. there are representations and warranties that the process for creating the ins tokens will uninterrupted error-free. there inherent risk that the software could contain weaknesses, vulnerabilities bugs causing, inter alia, the complete loss the cryptocurrency and/or the ins tokens. risk new technology. the ins platform, the ins tokens and all the matters set forth this white paper are new and untested. the ins platform and the ins tokens might not capable completion, creation, implementation adoption. possible that blockchain utilizing the ins platform will ever launched. purchaser the ins tokens should not rely the ins platform, the token smart contract the ability receive the ins tokens associated with the ins platform the future. even the ins platform completed, implemented and adopted, might not function intended, and any ins tokens may not have functionality that desirable valuable. also, technology changing rapidly, the ins platform and the ins tokens may become outdated. security risks risk loss private keys. the ins tokens may held token holder his digital wallet vault, which requires private key, combination private keys, for access. accordingly, loss requisite private keys associated with such token holder's digital wallet vault storing the ins tokens will result loss such ins tokens, access token holder's token balance and/or any initial balances blockchains created third parties. moreover, any third party that gains access such private keys, including gaining access login credentials hosted wallet vault service the token holder uses, may able misappropriate the token holder's ins tokens. lack token security. the ins tokens may subject expropriation and or/theft. hackers other malicious groups organizations may attempt interfere with the token smart contract which creates the ins tokens the ins tokens variety ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial service attacks, consensus-based attacks, sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. furthermore, because the ethereum platform rests open source software, there the risk that ethereum smart contracts may contain intentional unintentional bugs weaknesses which may negatively affect the ins tokens result the loss ins tokens, the loss ability access control the ins tokens. the event such software bug weakness, there may remedy and holders the ins tokens are not guaranteed any remedy, refund compensation. attacks token smart contract. the blockchain used for the token smart contract which creates the ins tokens susceptible mining attacks, including double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, "selfish-mining" attacks, and race condition attacks. any successful attacks present risk the token smart contract, expected proper execution and sequencing the ins token transactions, and expected proper execution and sequencing contract computations. failure map public key purchaser's account. failure purchaser the ins tokens map public key such purchaser's account may result third parties being unable recognize purchaser's ins token balance the ethereum blockchain when and they configure the initial balances new blockchain based upon the ins platform. risk incompatible wallet service. the wallet wallet service provider used for the acquisition and storage the ins tokens, has technically compatible with the ins tokens. the failure assure this may have the result that purchaser the ins tokens will not gain access his ins tokens. risks relating platform development risk related reliance third parties. even completed, the ins platform will rely, whole partly, third parties adopt and implement and continue develop, supply, and otherwise support it. there assurance guarantee that those third parties will complete their work, properly carry out their obligations, otherwise meet anyone's needs, all might have material adverse effect the ins platform. dependence ins platform senior management team. ability the senior management team which responsible for maintaining competitive position the ins platform dependent large degree the services each member that team. the loss diminution the services members respective senior management team inability attract, retain and maintain additional senior management personnel could have material adverse effect the ins platform. competition for personnel with relevant expertise intense due the small number qualified individuals, and this situation seriously affects the ability retain its existing senior management and attract additional qualified senior management personnel, which could have significant adverse impact the ins platform. dependence ins platform various factors. the development the ins platform may abandoned for number reasons, including lack interest from the public, lack funding, lack commercial success prospects, departure key personnel. lack interest the ins platform. even the ins platform finished and adopted and launched, the ongoing success the ins platform relies the interest and participation third parties like developers. there can assurance guarantee that there will sufficient interest participation the ins platform. changes the ins platform. the ins platform still under development and may undergo significant changes over time. although the project management team intends for the ins platform have the features and specifications set forth this white paper, changes such features and specifications can made for any number reasons, any which may mean that the ins platform does not meet expectations holder the ins tokens. risk associated with other applications. the ins platform may give rise other, alternative projects, promoted unaffiliated third parties, under which the ins token will have intrinsic value. risk unfavorable fluctuation cryptocurrency value. the proceeds the sale the ins tokens will denominated cryptocurrency, and may converted into other cryptographic and fiat currencies. the value cryptocurrencies fluctuates unfavorably during after the ins token sale, the project management team may not able fund development, may not able develop maintain the ins platform the manner that intended. risks arising course company parties' business risk conflicts interest. company parties may engaged transactions with related parties, including respective majority shareholder, companies controlled him which owns interest, and other affiliates, and may continue the future. conflicts interest may arise between any company party's affiliates and respective company party, potentially resulting the conclusion transactions terms not determined market forces. risks related invalidation company parties transactions. company parties have taken variety actions relating their business that, successfully challenged for not complying with applicable legal requirements, could invalidated could result the imposition liabilities respective company party. since applicable legislation may subject many different interpretations, respective company party may not able successfully defend any challenge brought against such transactions, and the invalidation any such transactions imposition any such liability may, individually the aggregate, have material adverse effect the ins platform. risk arising from emerging markets. company parties some them may operate emerging markets. emerging markets are subject greater risks than more developed markets, including significant legal, economic and political risks. emerging economies are subject rapid change and that the information set out this white paper may become outdated relatively quickly. governmental risks uncertain regulatory framework. the regulatory status cryptographic tokens, digital assets and blockchain technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions. difficult predict how whether governmental authorities will regulate such technologies. likewise difficult predict how whether any governmental authority may make changes existing laws, regulations and/or rules that will affect cryptographic tokens, digital assets, blockchain technology and its applications. such changes could negatively impact the tokens various ways, including, for example, through determination that the tokens are regulated financial instruments that require registration. company may cease the distribution the ins tokens, the development the ins platform cease operations jurisdiction the event that governmental actions make unlawful commercially undesirable continue so. failure obtain, maintain renew licenses and permits. although the date starting the ins token sale there are statutory requirements obliging company receive any licenses and permits necessary for carrying out its activity, there the risk that such statutory requirements may adopted the future and may relate any company parties. this case, company parties' business will depend the continuing validity such licenses and permits and its compliance with their terms. regulatory authorities will exercise considerable discretion the timing license issuance and renewal and the monitoring licensees' compliance with license terms. requirements which may imposed these authorities and which may require any company party comply with numerous standards, recruit qualified personnel, maintain necessary technical equipment and quality control systems, monitor our operations, maintain appropriate filings and, upon request, submit appropriate information the licensing authorities, may costly and time-consuming and may result delays the commencement continuation operation the ins platform. further, private individuals and the public large possess rights comment and otherwise engage the licensing process, including through intervention courts and political pressure. accordingly, the licenses any company party may need may not issued renewed, issued renewed, may not issued renewed timely fashion, may involve requirements which restrict any company party's ability conduct its operations profitably. risk government action. the industry which company parties operate new, and may subject heightened oversight and scrutiny, including investigations enforcement actions. there can assurance that governmental authorities will not examine the operations company parties and/or pursue enforcement actions against them. all this may subject company parties judgments, settlements, fines penalties, cause company parties restructure their operations and activities cease offering certain products services, all which could harm company parties' reputation lead higher operational costs, which may turn have material adverse effect the ins tokens and/or the development the ins platform. risk burdensomeness applicable laws, regulations and standards. failure comply with existing laws and regulations the findings government inspections, increased governmental regulation company parties operations, could result substantial additional compliance costs various sanctions, which could materially adversely affect company parties business and the ins platform. company parties operations and properties are subject regulation various government entities and agencies, connection with ongoing compliance with existing laws, regulations and standards. regulatory authorities exercise considerable discretion matters enforcement and interpretation applicable laws, regulations and standards. respective authorities have the right to, and frequently do, conduct periodic inspections any company party's operations and properties throughout the year. any such future inspections may conclude that any company party has violated laws, decrees regulations, and may unable refute such conclusions remedy the violations. any company party's failure comply with existing laws and regulations the findings government inspections may result the imposition fines penalties more severe sanctions requirements that respective company party cease certain its business activities, criminal and administrative penalties applicable respective officers. any such decisions, requirements sanctions, any increase governmental regulation respective operations, could increase company parties' costs and materially adversely affect company parties business and the ins platform. unlawful arbitrary government action. governmental authorities may have high degree discretion and, times, act selectively arbitrarily, without hearing prior notice, and sometimes manner that contrary law influenced political commercial considerations. moreover, the government also has the power certain circumstances, regulation government act, interfere with the performance of, nullify terminate contracts. unlawful, selective arbitrary governmental actions have reportedly included the denial withdrawal licenses, sudden and unexpected tax audits, criminal prosecutions and civil actions. federal and local government entities have also used common defects matters surrounding the token sale pretexts for court claims and other demands invalidate void any related transaction, often for political purposes. this environment, company parties' competitors may receive preferential treatment from the government, potentially giving them competitive advantage over company parties. support ins and join today www.ins.world one-pager presentation