insight chain white paper decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain insight chain founding team april st, insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain table contents background ............................................................................................................ traditional wall street financial order introduction ....................................... current status blockchain domain...................................................................... insight chain concept ........................................................................................ insight chain participants ............................................................................................. company role ........................................................................................................ media role ............................................................................................................... analyst role ............................................................................................................. investor role............................................................................................................ public blockchain role .......................................................................................... insight chain ecology .................................................................................................. data research ......................................................................................................... information sharing .............................................................................................. review index ....................................................................................................... data trading............................................................................................................ interaction consultant ...................................................................................... insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain insight chain product solution ................................................................. eight major systems...................................................................................................... decentralized precise research system ........................................................... decentralized voting system .............................................................................. decentralized review system ............................................................................. blockchain-based fraud prevention system .................................................. authentication system .......................................................................................... decentralized data trading system .................................................................. social system .......................................................................................................... on-blockchain search system............................................................................ nine major modules ..................................................................................................... news and information .......................................................................................... company disclosure ............................................................................................. cryptocurrency research ..................................................................................... analysis report ....................................................................................................... investment strategy .............................................................................................. index rating............................................................................................................. voting forecast....................................................................................................... insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain data trading............................................................................................................ community question answer ................................................................... insight chain technical plan ....................................................................... insight chain roadmap .................................................................................... insight chain token economy ...................................................................... insight chain team ............................................................................................. core team......................................................................................................................... consultant team ........................................................................................................... insight foundation ........................................................................................... iii insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain background the issuance cryptocurrency has brought revolutionary development the blockchain domain. the one hand, blockchain companies have issued more and more cryptocurrency. and the other hand, investors show spurt growth. however, the lack good financial order regulate the cryptocurrency trading like the secondary market, good companies cannot obtain more investment while bad currency rather than good currency has occupied the market and many investors are unable obtain satisfactory rate investment (roi). the same time, the existing mature methodology analyze stocks and invest stocks, experienced analysts and consulting companies participating the secondary market have not appeared the currency market yet. traditional wall street financial order introduction represented wall street, traditional finance connects company, investment bank, exchange, fund, rating company, research company, consulting company and audit company through the stock market build financial order the secondary market. insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain through common participation investment banks, audit companies, and consulting companies, company's stock can publicly traded exchanges. analysts investment banks can conduct fundamental analysis and technical analysis stocks through researches, and therefore carry out stock analysis reports, stock ratings and forecast stock price help investors make investment decisions funds and on. rating companies review various financial products the financial market and assist investors engage investment rating industries, stocks, securities and funds. the traditional financial market huge scale. can conservatively estimated that the overall market value such huge traditional financial market insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain has exceeded usd trillion. however, similar consensus its logic has not been formed the blockchain domain. the same time, due the centralized management, non-transparent relationship and various gray areas and obscure boxes filling everywhere, often seen news reports various countries. the traditional financial market flooded with kinds data mediators, who cash huge economic benefits trading data. however, data are still low credibility and numerous deceptions remain common. current status blockchain domain the blockchain domain start-up, lacking management concept, management tools and platforms corresponding decentralized management methods. uncompleted rules and platforms for companies' information disclosure leave investors opportunities participate the companies' management and operation. there are numerous blockchain companies, featuring cross-border and cross-language with less information their early stages, which has formed plenty information silos well false and fraudulent information. investors cannot analyze the project objectively due asymmetric information and companies cannot find independent and objective analysts analyze, interpret and audit project channels. the news that investors couldn't get their money back after investing can found everywhere. simultaneously, financial by-products such cryptocurrency funds the insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain cryptocurrency industry are nascent, and corresponding credit rating companies like standard poor's have not yet emerged. generally, blockchain companies always have issued cryptocurrency their early stages and financed two stages, both ico and exchange, which are main channels for investors participate in. however, existing rating cryptocurrency remains extremely unprofessional and analysis methods the secondary market have not yet taken into the blockchain market. some media and independent analysts still get unreal data sources and information without rigorous researches. beyond that, there professional platform for analysts involved. addition, the fact that analysts are short scientific methods for research with poor current information has resulted poor timeliness ratings. without real-time information like ratings and indexes, there still established standard this industry. insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain insight chain concept from the background mentioned above, can seen that the blockchain industry has begun take shape while still lacking wall street-like financial order established the secondary market for hundreds years. order solve above problems existing the blockchain domain, insight chain has proposed new solution combining with the technology blockchain. insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain insight chain, decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain, will focus data ecosystem the blockchain domain firstly, works building wall street-like financial order the blockchain domain. integrates companies, media, analyst and investor with blockchain technology, co-constructs decentralized platform integrating information sharing, review index, data trading and interaction based research and promotes the upgrade and healthy development the blockchain industry. insight chain convergence platform designed serve all participants involved with good rules and architecture, re-construct reliable, decentralized, wall street-like financial order the blockchain domain. insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain established research public blockchain, insight chain stores research data analysts, media, companies and investors the blockchain, laying researches trusted and traceable. research data cryptocurrency, funds and media made analysts are also stored the blockchain. well, upon comprehensive analysis these data, analysis reports, credit ratings and analysis results made analysts cryptocurrency and funds will stored the blockchain too. the same time, all participants can conduct decentralized data trading the blockchain platform: information, research, reports, etc., achieve intermediation and there will third-party middlemen obtain profit margin. therefore, all participants can get maximum benefits. based various trusted data, the platform will use smart contracts generate series index information for the cryptocurrency market, which used represent the health and development status the market serve for investors and analysts. insight chain aims develop the cryptocurrency review, credit rating, and indexes generated analysts and the platform trustworthy industry standards. beyond that, can guide investors this platform and also can serve for the whole industry, such offering currency trading standard for exchanges and reference for various cryptocurrency funds. insight chain will issue ethereum-based token: inb being the currency the platform. inb meets ethereum erc- token standard and able freely traded ethereum's public blockchain: the system actions like trading, awards insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain and voting will use inb pay for decentralization. innovation concept insight chain shown follows: insight chain participants firstly, participants the platform are follows. insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain company role companies cryptocurrency and cryptocurrency fund issued companies should key objects financial researches. first all, necessary establish the management concept blockchain companies and timely disclose the companies' various information like project progress and financial status, allowing investors participate the management and operation companies. then, companies can invite analysts the platform analyze and audit information ensure the interests investors and provide investment advice for investors. insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain media role news researches, media are main participants, who will disclose relevant information about companies the industry outside for reference analysts and investors. analyst role analysts main implementers the researches, conduct investigations companies, media, and investors through user researches, fundamental analysis, technical analysis and desktop researches give research results about companies, cryptocurrency, industry and cryptocurrency funds, which are available for investors use for free paying with inb. moreover, analysts can disclose real-time investment strategies cryptocurrency for investors' reference. there ranking system which analysts can upgrade themselves through user review, company review and system review. the ranking system includes: insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain candidate analyst, level analyst, level analyst and level analyst. investor role investors can supervise and inquire about invested companies. investors can participate research requests put forward other roles the system and can rewarded with inb. investors can use inb buy analysis reports, real-time investment advice and more made analysts. analysts can rewarded for their good advice. inb can used vote cryptocurrency trend and reward will given for success. insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain public blockchain role based the public blockchain, the platform provides rules for all participants effectively participate all aspects the blockchain companies' financial order. fraud prevention systems based big data are prepared prevent fraudulent actions all participants from affecting the interests investors. decentralized index rules and ranking rules are also prepared. using smart contracts the blockchain automatically generate various cryptocurrency and related indexes and rankings cryptocurrency funds characterize the development the entire market and guide investors. fraud prevention eos-based public blockchain insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain insight chain ecology ecology the platform follows. data research matter who you are, general institutional investor, researches must done before making decisions. meticulous and deep researches can firstly bridge match our investment decisions and the actual trend the future subjectively and objectively. scientific plan indispensable good researches. fortunately, the -year history world finance with the wall street the core has recorded everything need. the blockchain financial world, the wall street-like financial order the most urgent need for current development. therefore, disclosing all research data investors, insight chain will establish the new decentralized and trusted financial order with stimulation ecology. the world blockchain and cryptocurrency, every investor plays dual role, owner the business and the producer data. serious unfairness has been generated from existing asymmetric information and non-transparent data between blockchain projects and investors. however, that the blockchain technology has improved makes the traditional financial research system upgraded authentic and reliable. well, massive data, efficiency and timeliness and continuous trading make possible. based this, insight chain will establish ifm (investors feedback management system) for investors blockchain insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain companies. via insight chain, investors can finish researches released companies, analysts and media through the insight chain, and realize continuously unclosed research data output monetized motivation. data output includes but not limited questionnaires, voting, evaluation, user feedback, testing, interviews and other scientific research methods and forms. this ecosystem activate the r-coefficient investors and blockchain companies. the r-coefficient amount linear correlation between blockchain companies and investors. insight chain uses the following formula the correlation coefficient: er(x, cov(x, var[x]var[y] where, represents the variable the company; represents the variable investors; cov (x, the covariance and var[x] the variance and var[y] the variance r-coefficient evaluate whether the price cryptocurrency reasonable and whether fluctuates around the value the company. apart from helping investors judge the reasonableness blockchain companies' operational capabilities and price cryptocurrency, also can help analysts and investors judge the long-term trend cryptocurrency, which contributes value insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain investment. information sharing the biggest innovation blockchain company derives from overturning the management framework traditional company investors, among which the core management concept "disclosure all information", including financial information and project progress. however, global investors sorely need trusted and professional platform know all information the company and then participate it. based the decentralized research data ecology, insight chain connects chartered blockchain financial analyst the whole world, longer being limited geographical restrictions. analysts and investors can related seamlessly. analysts can help investors know about companies' dynamics with all details and provide professional investment decisions, covering market timing and investment portfolios. analysts have rights conduct independent third-party researches companies, integrating research data and professional analysis methods rate companies and publish analysis reports. the insight chain platform, analysts can connect both companies and investors, which news organizations and self-media can participate provide analysts with instant information and data, realize the decentralized information sharing mechanism blockchain companies and investors. insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain review index one the core goals insight chain establish review index system for blockchain cryptocurrency and cryptocurrency funds: exponential evaluation method refers make multiple evaluation participating unit. insight chain can review not only blockchain companies but also cryptocurrency, containing comprehensive evaluations correlation coefficients between these two parts, well credit ratings cryptocurrency-related finances such cryptocurrency funds. the entire evaluation index system the insight chain, the following five index systems are mainly established. credit rating digital currency fund traded exchange digital currency review real-time voting index review index nontraded exchange roni insight review index insight bench index exchange index trading index insight insight the first type rating index given independent analysts for cryptocurrency, including the industrial index and the cryptocurrency index. based insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain scientific researches, analysts help investors make more accurate investment decisions through analyzing reports professionally. the system will provide some rating dimensions serving the output analysts shown the following table. analysts can also establish their own evaluation dimension, each dimension scoring from rating standard cryptocurrency are two types: the rating standard before trading exchanges, which can used investors assess whether the cryptocurrency worth investing private equity and public offering stages; and one after trading while the analyst required give the available time for insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain rating. the second credit rating given independent analysts financial products such cryptocurrency funds. similar the first type, also made for investors refer after that the analyst does complete researches financial products such cryptocurrency funds. the third the real-time voting index. insight chain will provide forecast system based blockchain technology for investors predict the rising falling cryptocurrency voting. the roni index can reflect forecast results and the confidence index towards the market. insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain the fourth the insight benchmark indexes including the classified industry index, the insight index, the sentiment index and the confidence index, targeting service investors with credit rating, independent analysis and research well investment consultation. the insight index focuses factors like cryptocurrency and the number issuance, which are counted accordance with the price premium cryptocurrency listed all global exchanges. these indexes are precise and great continuousness, which are one the most important indexes for investors make decisions. some extent, blockchain companies and cryptocurrency can selected into the insight composition currency can reflect high-quality investment objectives this industry. the fifth exchange index. digital currency exchanges are spread all over the world. therefore, investors need use multiple exchanges the same time for long period time, which will lead information asymmetry and inequality. hence, based blockchain technology, insight chain will give least two evaluation indexes with one relating the ratings cryptocurrency and the other relating the ratings trading volume. insight chain will mood index provider for investors blockchain and cryptocurrency, technical analysts can measure how much the market will rise fall using trin statistic: trin trading volume falling currency/volume falling currency trading volume rising currency/volume ofrising currency insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain the trin statistic the market exceeds the market may considered bear market. because the falling currency has higher trading volume than the rising currency, that net selling pressure. addition the trin indicator, more emotional indicators will given insight chain evaluate investors' optimistic mood. insight chain puts forward the concept roei (raise not index), encouraging users participate predicting the rising falling cryptocurrency means inb voting, reward for successful forecast and punishment for failed one. predicted changes will divided into several periods: min, and roni=r/(r+n) where the number people who voted for rising and represents falling. the larger the index is, the greater the likelihood increase is. insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain insight chain puts forward the concept the bsri (buy sell ratio index) and obtains the current purchasing and selling condition mainstream exchanges through technical analysis. bsri=b/s where the quantity purchasing and the quantity selling. the larger the index is, the greater the probability increase is. insight chain and blockchain analysts gathered evaluation indexes. evaluation methods include fundamental analysis and technical analysis. data sources include desktop researches and user researches. among them, fundamental analysis includes blockchain projects, teams, news, progress, community governance and policy analysis; and technical analysis mainly about currency analysis and index analysis. insight chain will provide analysts with big insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain data monitoring system monitor the activity fans project community (such twitter, telegram, wechat, reddit, steemit and medium), and cooperate with the insight research system maximize the participation investors. large amount data the core foundation analyst output evaluation index, cryptocurrency rating and forecast analysis report currency price. target developing the ratings and indices the insight chain into trustworthy standards this industry. the one hand, investors use these standards make investments and the other hand, companies can use these rating indexes standards some related applications, such new cryptocurrency being issued exchanges. the following table indicates some common evaluation indexes insight chain: insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain data trading for hundreds years, the data exchange market was centralized market mechanism filled with large amount incredible data. view the high requirements for samples volume, authenticity, effectiveness and methodology, insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain companies prefer choose professional third-party research companies consulting companies such nielsen and mckinsey. however, even worldfamous research company acnielsen unable complete all the projects. the imbalance between supply and demand provides environment for large number middlemen between the data producers and the companies. therefore, very complex supply chain formed get the final data and multiple suppliers participate this chain, which results that the authenticity the data cannot guaranteed. such misleading and even deception may appear companies' management decision and investors' investment decisions. insight chain's decentralized precision research system can solve these problems. moreover, insight chain blockchain-based data exchange market, which: analysts assign data research tasks and pay tokens investors; investors vote for and pay tokens for rise and fall cryptocurrency; companies buy data from investors sustainably; investors companies can buy professional reports from analysts and pay for subscription premium media services; and analysts can trade cryptocurrency analysis models with each other. insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain interaction consultant can said that every analyst wall street has bloomberg terminal and every stock investor longs for investment consultant. the wall street market has been formed between buyers (brokers) and sellers (funds) with well-paid financial analysts. however, individual investor unable directly enjoy services financial analyst wall street, and also, cannot afford bloomberg terminal. extremely high costs have brought rejection individual investors wall street analysts. they cannot enjoy the most professional investment advisory services anytime and anywhere, well, the highly asymmetrical information makes difficult for them judge the long-term value company, which insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain they can make accurate investment decisions. apparently, this unfavorable company. similarly, for investment advisors who are skilled technical analysis, there still credible community platform for them communicate with individual investors anytime and anywhere. more importantly, there are often various mistrust issues between investors and investment advisors well between analysts when involving the return wealth investment. insight chain will provide innovative solutions based blockchain technology create reliable and interactive community system cryptocurrency the financial sector. insight, decentralized and trusted community, companies and blockchain analysts establish good relationships research, disclosure and interaction. analysts can obtain instant information from companies, including financial information, project progress, major events, strategic adjustments and other information that affects price fluctuations cryptocurrency. the consulting interaction between investors and analysts the core this community. analysts can not only provide users with monetized investment decisions, analysis reports, market timing advice, but also can initiate customized research tasks such research and voting users, realizing interactive consulting eco-community where users and analysts can carry out data research and data trading. addition, both news media and we-media can participate community interactions. insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain insight chain product solution insight chain will provide numerous systems and modules ensure that all participants can fully participate the wall street-like financial ecology the blockchain domain, that all participants can enjoy the benefits the ecosystem. mainly consists eight systems and nine modules. there into, the system, logic implementation the module, built the blockchain, and the module refers each part the applications used the user. insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain eight major systems eight major systems include decentralized precision research systems, decentralized voting systems, decentralized evaluation systems, blockchainbased fraud prevention systems, authentication systems, decentralized data exchange systems, social systems and on-chain search systems. the following detailed introduction. decentralized precise research system analysts adopt this system conduct researches companies, provide insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain analysis reports and ratings, and then preserve data each link the blockchain. when sponsors pay inb, researches are conducted and will good operation maintain ecology the form researching objects getting inb. the same time, the system will provide analysis system the research results, which convenient for analysts view and analyze them. key item the research, the questionnaire will accurately assigned the research subjects based the user image given the analyst. there are two important processes, including the launch research the company and the implementation the research task the analyst. the following swim lane chart shows the complete process the entire research process. insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain decentralized voting system the platform provides decentralized voting system and saves voting data the blockchain ensure the credibility the voting process and results. has two important applications for voting: voting research and voting index. the former means that the analyst can investigate user data means voting. the latter refers the concept roni (raise not index) proposed the platform. users are encouraged participate predicting the rise and fall cryptocurrency inb voting. the forecast successful, the reward will given, and not, the penalty will given, which represents the user's expectation insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain certain cryptocurrency price. the forecast will divided into several periods: min, and after the end the current forecast period, smart contracts built the blockchain will reallocate inb based the current number winners and losers and the total number inbs. that say, all inbs will allocated winners without any fees. decentralized review system the platform consists two aspects. one the review companies, cryptocurrency, cryptocurrency funds and the industry analysts and the platform, and the other review feedback the initiating trader after completing the trading. based various research data, analysts will analyze the company, cryptocurrency and cryptocurrency funds, and provide analysis reports and ratings for investors' reference. the same time, the platform will give comprehensive rating based the rating result and the logic agreed the smart contract and save the blockchain. based information such ratings given analysts, the platform uses the built-in algorithm give the index and rankings cryptocurrency, cryptocurrency funds and the industry. the platform proposes the concept bsri (buy sell ratio index), which means obtain the current buying and selling mainstream trading through technical analysis. bsri=b/s where indicates insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain the purchase quantity and refers the sales volume. the larger the index, the greater the probability raising. both analysts who complete company's rating and users who purchase analysis report can review the system voting with inb. according the feedback, the system uses smart contracts mark analysts and analysis report, and finally give reward punishment for all participants, which aims maintain the positive operation the entire ecosystem. blockchain-based fraud prevention system there are various fraudulent practices the current market, such the fraud analysts' research data and the falsify company's research data and questionnaires. introducing blockchain technology, the platform records data insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain information the blockchain, greatly strengthening the credibility the data. the same time, the system cooperates with inb tokens, with the addition reward-penalty mechanism. each participant should responsible for his actions. people who cheat would punished with inb. conversely, active participants would rewarded with inb. the system also proposes the concept cryptocurrency-day, which represents the total number days that the cryptocurrency assets are the hands the user. the less the number days is, the lower the user's trust level is. important reference indicator for anti-cheating. inb authentication system the authentication system used for real-name authentication companies, media, investors and analysts platform, aiming prevent problems such insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain data fraud resulted from non-authentication. the first step make the platform good order. decentralized data trading system all kinds data trading the platform are completed the blockchain, achieving real decentralization. both sides directly use inb for trading, and the platform does not participate earn any price spread income. data trading includes the trading company research tasks, analyst research tasks and analysis reports. truly realizes decentralized trading based the insight chain. insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain social system the social system has created the basis for all kinds communication between the various roles the platform, including the establishment good relationships and the support functions, such chat, live broadcast and post bar. on-blockchain search system the system applied search information and data related blockchain, including project progress, data search saved the blockchain, usage project tokens, which used for analysts and investors further understand the company. insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain nine major modules the nine major modules include: news information, company disclosure, cryptocurrency research, analysis reports, investment strategies, index ratings, voting forecasts, data trading and community question-answering. the following detailed introduction. news and information professional news organizations and self-media deliver news about the blockchain industry through the module news and information. investors learn about company information, cryptocurrency and the latest industry news through the news module. industry information includes new ico information, airdrop information and insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain information trading exchanges. company disclosure this module, the company discloses the latest information the company, the latest progress the project, financial status, etc. besides, utilizes the platform establish the management and operation modes the decentralized organization, forming good communication mechanism between companies, analysts and investors. cryptocurrency research based cryptocurrency and cryptocurrency funds, this module provides all related information about companies, prices, ratings, indexes, analysis reports and ranking and integrates all the information related cryptocurrency provide insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain investors with decision support. the platform will provide various ways filter the cryptocurrency information and sort the cryptocurrency and cryptocurrency funds help investors find high-quality cryptocurrency and cryptocurrency funds. analysis report the platform integrates all analysis reports cryptocurrency and cryptocurrency funds and provides convenient way discover and purchase analysis reports. the same time, the voting evaluation system after purchase ensures that the good content can discovered preferentially. the analysis report includes the mark various rating dimensions mentioned above, the insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain overall rating the cryptocurrency, the detailed content and results the research and the company inquiry and the validity period the rating. investment strategy based the analysis cryptocurrency and cryptocurrency funds, analysts provide analysis reports that include long-term and short-term investment strategies. analysts give short-term trading strategies cryptocurrency based realtime market information, and investors can conduct real-time participating. meanwhile, the platform provides intelligent trading modules based and assign exchanges' api trade directly according the investment strategy given analysts. insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain index rating this module, investors can participate the generation mechanism index rating means voting and research. the same time, various cryptocurrency will sorted according indexes and ratings given the analysts and the platform, which are convenient for users check. voting forecast this module, investors can predict the direction the cryptocurrency price the number voting cryptocurrency form the roni index. the system will sort the cryptocurrency based the index that investors can use the crowd wisdom make effective investments. insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain data trading this module, investors can use inb purchase data reports and real-time consultations, and filter data reports based other investors' evaluations. the module also includes trading company analysis tasks. companies can also hire analysts analyze the cryptocurrency with inb. community question answer investors can ask analysts for paid consultation terms their own problems, and analysts provide answers after receiving orders. and then these answers will judged the system. right, the investor would pay the inb the analyst, otherwise the inb would not transferred. the same time, communication system for each role the system, also includes chat system, live broadcast system and post bar system. the chat system, including plain text chat and voice chat, platform for communication between companies, analysts and investors. the live broadcast system platform for analysts provide real-time advice investors, including real-time text broadcast and live video. the post bar system forum system for investors and analysts communicate with certain cryptocurrency. besides, the administrator the insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain company will also respond some relevant questions real time. insight chain technical plan the operation insight chain focuses the blockchain domain, and the technical plan also adopts the blockchain technology ethereum and public chain. inb released ethereum and various inb-based trading its earlier stage are conducted ethereum, ensuring the decentralization trading. the later stage, the system will develop public blockchain, employ basis store various data generated the system and support decentralized trading based internal cryptocurrency achieve full trustworthiness, traceability and decentralization. the complete technology stack diagram for the entire platform shown below: insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain blockchain technology originates from bitcoin, and then ethereum launches blockchain that supports smart contracts. believe that eos will become the next major blockchain technology since uses new algorithm block production and achieve higher trading throughput than bitcoin and ethereum. introduces new blockchain architecture design that allows decentralized applications scale horizontally and vertically, which accomplished building imitation operating system which applications can built. the software provides accounts, authentication, databases, asynchronous communications and insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain application dispatch across hundreds cpu cores clusters. based the software, the blockchain architecture emerges. can process millions trading per second, eliminate user fees, and allow for quick and easy deployment decentralized applications and this the main reason that why may choose eos the underlying blockchain technology. stable version eos will released for the community staff june and then will applied the system. present, many blockchain applications publish their own private chains that have decentralized features essence. other blockchain application participates the operating ecology the entire chain and the data still stored the centralized system. insight chain will develop and launch public blockchain and run the cryptocurrency inb blockchain ensure normal operation the public blockchain ecology. will have complete set rules guarantee the rights inb holders and make complete mapping their holdings the inb. the new inb will longer carry out icos trading exchanges. all rights use the insight chain will the hands the original inb holder. insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain insight chain committed building ecosystem which the right use various resources the chain directly proportional the holding inb. this ecosystem contains all insight-related dapps, including but not limited research, voting, indexes, ratings and other related applications. with the similarity the business model and the unified use inb, the ecosystem will share the data and users each application, achieve mutual benefit and jointly build large ecosystem. insight chain roadmap the development roadmap for insight chain follows: insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain insight chain token economy insight chain will issue inb based the erc- standard ethereum and raise the ethereum required for the project operation through the private sale and public sale. the raised ether will used product development, team expansion, community operations and marketing accordance with the agreed ratio. the project progresses, the team will release certain percentage tokens insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain maintain the healthy development the entire community. the inb issued amounts ,,,, and the raising planned last days. during this period, total ,,, tokens will sold, and all the tokens have been sold out. the token will land the main exchanges soon possible after the raising completed. the distribution tokens shown follows: raising: private raising for funding, only for institutional investors, will locked for one year; community: being used reward partners the public blockchain, such dapps and nodes; team: being used reward teams, consultants and other participants insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain well foundation operation. will locked for years; marketing: being used for marketing products, fund raising and on. insight chain team insight chain has strong researching and technical team, which very conducive implement the project. the detailed introduction follows. core team lisa yang,ceo with bachelor statistics from fuzhou university, lisa yang has years experience market research data analysis. besides, she created retail business index scdi, wrote the first industry authoritative report china mall insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain development report and served for goldman sachs, standard chartered bank and deutsche bank. early entrepreneur cheku cafe and early people who contacted with bitcoin, she led the entrepreneur team successfully finance rmb million jason ji,cto with master degree from beijing university aeronautics and astronautics, jason full stack developer, boasting nearly years experience software development and management, has more than one-year experience research and application blockchain technology. had been employed world-renowned companies such samsung and teradata, possessing extensive experience blockchain, machine learning, big data processing, high concurrency, app development and management. insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain lifeng liu,cso with ph.d communication from peking university, lifeng liu serves chairman and ceo ipsos, the world's largest market research company focusing case study, vice president chinese association market information and research and vice president china marketing research association. possesses over years experience market research and research. insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain charles yan, cfa, coo with master degree school business from pace university, emba pbc school finance from tsinghua university, mba darden school business from university virginia, charles yan, cfa charter holder, was employed standard chartered bank, yuanda financial holdings, macquarie capital and other financial companies, possessing over years experience financial analysis, securities investment and asset management. insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain claudius tsang,cfa,llb cmo with master degree finance and law from the university hong kong, tsinghua university and the university chicago, claudius tsang global partner franklin templeton, the world's largest asset management group, possessing years investment experience listed companies and the primary market. previously, has served senior executive famous investment banks such lehman brothers. insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain chang tao, cio with bachelor degree from beijing university posts and telecommunications and emba from ceibs, chang tao serves sponsor and executive angel and member blockchain committee angel. has been working the industry for years, focusing internet, smart hardware, environmental protection and angel investment. insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain tallan zhou, chief analyst with mba from the hong kong university science and technology, and double bachelor's degree business administration and business english from shanghai university finance and economics,tallan zhou has previously served vice president the hong kong securities research department standard chartered bank and vice president hong kong securities research department deutsche bank, possessing over years experience financial analysis and ranking no. asian institutional investors consultant team jiang li, blockchain expert and cto with -year work experience, jiang has good knowledge it, insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain management, finance and entrepreneurship. has made achievements cloud computing, big data, blockchain, artificial intelligence, planning and implementation data center and industry, strategy and governance, product innovation and r&d technology management. before joining microsoft, jiang had worked several departments asia-pacific ibm, chinese companies and australian companies, possessing year experience integrated technique and management both home and abroad. addition, also worked commercial bank america, possessing over five years experience banking technology and management. besides, jiang has served full-time consultant the beijing municipal commission economy and information technology, responsible for planning, policies and standards beijing's sophisticated industry and the establishment beijing high-precision fund. has also once served director and senior vice president centrin data systems co., ltd., dean institute innovation research the vianet, and director and president the western cloud computing base. jiang serves advisor the beijing municipal government, member cloud computing expert the chinese institute electronics, director the cloud computing promotion and policy forum ministry industry and information technology (miit), expert data center committee the ministry insight chain decentralized research ecosystem chain based blockchain housing and urban-rural development, expert the china blockchain technology and industry development forum, first secretary- general zhongguancun blockchain industry alliance, vice president zhongguancun cloud computing industry alliance, president cloud computing alliance beijing economic and technological development area and vice chairman china business continuity management professional committee. addition, was responsible for the planning cloud computing project beijing, chongqing, guangzhou and harbin. moreover, has participated the formulation technical standards for the country and industry. insight foundation the insight foundation non-profit company officially established singapore april committed the development, operation, and maintenance the insight chain, well the construction open source ecology based the insight chain. will take charge the management and operation inb, providing support for outstanding ecological projects and safeguarding the healthy development the community.