insights network blockchain data exchange december (v.) brian gallagher insights network bg@insights.network darwin insights network darwin@insights.network jesper buus nielsen partisia jbn@partisia.com peter frands frandsen partisia pff@partisia.com kurt nielsen partisia kn@partisia.com abstract the present day, data brokers collect data individuals around the world from wide array sources, both online and offline. the data packaged into profiles, which they sell organizations who can use them make decisions that impact the lives ordinary people without them ever being aware it. recent technological advances, such the blockchain and secure multiparty computation, are making possible build superior platform for conducting market research while putting control, well monetization, the data into the hands the people who generate it. content disclosure background problem solution our product overview functionality authentication user profiles decentralized data brokerage surveys two-sided rating example: gambeal technical challenges technical solutions blockchain eos blockchain platform secure multiparty computation (smc) custom smc systems the insights network smc solution solving the technical challenges proof authenticity submitting data request fulfilling data request profile matching secure exchange validated data storage provider's demographic token economics two-sided marketplace distribution tokens use funds team advisors partners info@insights.network roadmap draft conclusion sources info@insights.network disclosure nothing herein constitutes offer sell, the solicitation offer buy, any tokens, nor shall there any offer, solicitation sale insights network instar tokens any jurisdiction which such offer, solicitation sale would unlawful. you should carefully read and fully understand this whitepaper and any updates. every potential token purchaser will required undergo on-boarding process that includes identity verification and certain other documentation, which you should read carefully and understand fully because you will legally bound. please make sure consult with appropriate advisors and others. this white paper describes our current vision for the insights network platform. while intend attempt realize this vision, please recognize that dependent quite number factors and subject quite number risks. entirely possible that the insights network platform will never implemented adopted, that only portion our vision will realized. not guarantee, represent warrant any the statements this white paper, because they are based our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions, about which there can assurance due various anticipated and unanticipated events that may occur. please know that plan work hard seeking achieve the vision laid out this white paper, but that you cannot rely any coming true. blockchain, cryptocurrencies and other aspects our technology and these markets are their infancy and will subject many challenges, competition and changing environment. will try update our community things grow and change, but undertake obligation so. info@insights.network background problem there are organizations, called data brokers, that collect data people from various sources, both online and offline. most notably, they purchase data from internet services and mobile applications that collect information their users and track their in-app behavior. the data used create profiles for individual consumers. acxiom, top data broker, has average pieces information more than million americans. acxiom and other data brokers are able combine all the information they have each individual generate in-depth consumer behavior reports across wide range industries, which they sell. data brokers make lot money. acxiom was reported have made billion sales, earning profit million. forbes reports that big data analytics billion per year industry and that nearly all businesses will customers data broker such acxiom. but consumers, who are actually driving the industry, not share the profit. simultaneously, they experience many negative consequences result. centrally managed databases allow hackers steal large amounts personally identifying information just one attack, which allows for large-scale identity theft and fraud. recently, hackers breached equifax's systems and stole personally identifiable data more than million americans. this not isolated incident. there have been several attacks the past, including acxiom, and unchecked there will more the future. consumers must demand new standard for the storage personally identifiable and sensitive information that being used market research. this currently being implemented the gdpr throughout europe, and soon, the will follow suit. solution recent advances decentralized storage, digital currencies, and smart contracts enable create decentralized, incentivized platform for conducting marketing research and securely storing consumer data. organizations will able use our platform make requests for data from precisely defined populations amongst members the insights network. insights network users, not data brokers, would sell their data. using smart contracts, which execute transactions between anonymous parties, users would able sell their data without disclosing their identity, only broad demographic information. unique combination blockchain and secure multiparty computation (smc) makes possible enforce the exchange data and payment between the provider and the requester data without third-party involvement. while blockchain makes the exchange transparent, smc keeps data truly secure until agreement has been reached and paid for. info@insights.network believe that allowing participants profit from their participation, organizations will acquire data that both more relevant and more actionable result. the same time, profits currently earned data brokers will instead the rightful owners the data, the consumers. our product overview primarily, are serving two types users: those who request data, which call requesters, and those who provide it, which call providers. requesters are typically organizations, but anyone can buy instar tokens and use them submit request for data the insights network. providers are users who comply with data request providing data; the ones who fit data requesters' target demographic are compensated for their data instar tokens. requesters want able collect data that is: relevant they want able gather data from specific populations, for example, only those between the ages trustworthy the data that collected free from fraud. that is, the data collected from targeted providers who have provided their data honestly. for example, requesters expect their surveys answered truthfully their target demographic, and not say, bot. timely and convenient requesters should able get answers their questions quickly without worrying about the details how reach their target demographic. providers want assurance the following. consent. their data not collected without their explicit permission. privacy. sensitive information, such who they are, not provided, only broad demographic details. payment. they are paid for the data they provide. security. their data handled securely. traditional marketing research firms collect data over fixed period time and provide single report their clients. our platform, requesters would never have close their request for data. their reports, which they would able view any point during data collection, are updated data from providers received and forwarded the smart contract. more data available our network, the data that the platform makes available requesters becomes more comprehensive, which turn gives the ability design reports that are more comprehensive, including ones that combine data from more than one data request. here are several examples how the insights network could used. polling firm may want run poll see who would win the presidential election were re-run this moment time. info@insights.network mcdonald's may want run survey solicit feedback new menu item. university classes can administer surveys throughout the quarter semester get feedback the quality instruction ongoing basis. high-end auction can accept anonymous bids from verified individuals without having perform kyc. related group use cases addresses so-called asymmetric information profiling individuals and companies. financial example could lender that knows less about the borrower's ability pay back the loan than the borrower. this may result higher interest rates otherwise low risk borrower compensate for the average expected risk. the solution this problem information that can profile many individuals and companies possible separate e.g. low-risk from high-risk borrowers. similar problems arise the insurance business, where the insurance company knows less about the insured parties' profile. another example product differentiation, where the supplier lacks information about the customers' preferences order define the most suitable menu products contracts. one example the latter could the problem designing the right menu mobile subscriptions with respect price and data, etc. the insights network provides platform that empowers the individual person company collaborate with e.g. banks and insurance companies address this problem equal terms. the insights network may become unique source information for profiling individuals and companies. functionality the insights network secure infrastructure for decentralized data exchange, which has number different applications. the beginning will focus surveys, but will also the foundation for other applications, such royalty schemes, advertisements, and loyalty schemes. the insights networks consists the following components: authentication user profiles decentralized data brokerage surveys two-sided rating requester user who places request the insights network get information from specific population users. providers are users who fulfill such request. authentication common practice among apps today allow their users login using their facebook account. are building similar service for apps allow their users log using their insights network account. this would appeal users who not want disclose their identity their apps. added benefit, info@insights.network apps can use the insights network give tokens their users part reward program and allow them cash them for rewards, such airline miles. the authentication done confidentially using smc. user profiles users maintain insights network profile. they can view their profile, which contains demographic information and other general, non-identifying information. they can make corrections, fill missing details, and delete information. furthermore, other than deleting information, they are minted instar tokens perform these actions. for example, -year-old woman living los angeles may want receive ads related her political interests, she may choose keep the line that indicates she republican. but she may not wish receive surveys relation being single mom, she would delete that line. she can also see that her profession unknown, and she may choose fill out exchange for instar tokens. the user profiles are kept confidential either client-side using smc. decentralized data brokerage the basic purpose insights network enable decentralized data exchange between providers and requesters, which consists of: matching providers' profiles with the requester's demand secure data transfer secure payment the data exchanged initially survey data consisting the relevant background information and user-supplied answers the questionnaire. unique combination blockchain and smc secures the exchange confidential information and payments without any third-party involvement. surveys anyone the insights network, whether they are individual organization, can publish survey the platform. the platform gives them the ability specify target demographic, well how many tokens users the target demographic will receive when they submit valid response. the process follows: requester publishes survey, specifying target demographic. users our app who fit the target demographic get notified. users fill out the survey, submit the insights network, and funds are transferred their account. info@insights.network two-sided rating handle unwanted behavior, the insights network implements two-sided rating system, whereby requester may rate providers and vice versa. provider, possible misuse the system and provide fake data. some this unwanted behavior can detected the requester while analyzing data. giving the requester the opportunity rate the providers will counteract such behavior. requester, data may used outside the agreed purpose. part such unwanted behavior can detected the provider the final reports are published. giving the provider the opportunity rate the requesters will counteract such behavior. such decentralized regulation unwanted behavior through two-sided rating familiar from services like uber and airbnb. info@insights.network example: gambeal gambeal ios app that administers surveys patrons quick service restaurants, paying them small cash reward for each survey they fill out. prove their patronage, each user required attach photo their receipt along with each submission, which validated prior the rewards being issued. gambeal has seen considerable growth without any deliberate marketing effort and processes thousands transactions each week. will the first insights network partner app, and its success far bodes well for other partner apps. part the integration, gambeal will swap out the authentication system with the insights network's smc-based authentication system, which will allow users log without giving their identity as, say, logging with facebook would. only broad demographic details are released the app, and virtue being part the insights network, the user able monetize their data they wish. addition, gambeal will switch away from cash rewards the instar token. gambeal currently uses paypal make payments users, which forces users have wait days for their rewards appear their paypal account, well pay transaction fees. addition providing better privacy, using the insights network will allow gambeal process transactions quickly and low cost their users. integrating with the insights network for authentication and rewards represents clear improvement the user experience. technical challenges there are quite few challenges that need solved. the following features the insights network serve enable well fulfill requests: identity verification providers prove they are real people authenticating with several verification partners such company that checks identity documentation, service that performs background checks, even their employer and getting digital proof authenticity from the insights network, which they can use prove their authenticity transactions with requesters. using techniques from distributed cryptography, the verification partners never relinquish their information any other party, which preserves providers' privacy, and providers are compensated tokens for going through this process. incentivized market research requesters can publish survey and receive survey responses using the insights network smart contract. the smart contract sends tokens providers the target population who have submitted valid data point. blockchain-verifiable results requesters' discretion, the data points data request could recorded the ledger for anyone look at. since the ledger implemented using blockchain, anyone looking these records would have reasonable assurance that the data points have not been tampered with. this feature important for certain kinds surveys, such polls and voting. needed, the data can encrypted using informationally-theoretically secure encryption the blockchain. info@insights.network semantic validation private data without involving third party, the provider will able withhold data until she receives payment from requester and requester will able withhold payment until the provider's data proven valid. technical solutions the two primary technical components our solution are blockchain and protocols for performing secure multiparty computation (smc). both these technologies use distributed cryptography remove the need entrust third party with critical role order execute transaction; that is, they are both "trustless." the same time, the two technologies provide complementary properties: blockchain provides transparency, while smc provides privacy. smc has been incubating academia for more than three decades. its use industry has been limited due its computational expense. but partisia, company denmark, released commercial deployment smc for the first time, replacing traditional auctioneer double auction. since then, performance has improved orders magnitude and this time beginning gain adoption industry. blockchains started with bitcoin. then ethereum introduced blockchain that supported smart contracts. are betting that eos, which uses novel algorithm for block production achieve much higher transaction throughput than both bitcoin and ethereum, will the next major blockchain, and was what will building on. see blockchains and smc growing prominence together. furthermore, think they will frequently combined for their complementary traits, are doing our system. along with our partner partisia, who are assisting with the design and implementation our system, believe are starting new trend trustless computing. this section, into how plan using smc and blockchain address the challenges outlined section blockchain blockchain implementation tamper-resistant public ledger. the state the ledger determined consensus among independently operated servers, which form network called blockchain network. impossible for single server even small group servers acting collusion tamper with ledger entries without being detected the other servers. long there are enough independent, protocol-abiding servers the network, the ledger tamper-proof. addition keeping records the movement funds between accounts, blockchains are also capable keeping records changes the state program. programs that are hosted blockchain network are called smart contracts decentralized apps. the insights network makes use blockchain and blockchain-based smart contracts for logging activities, assembling the output secure multiparty computation, and transferring funds between accounts. info@insights.network eos blockchain platform are building eos, upcoming blockchain operating system. though unreleased, being developed rapidly, and this writing, are currently building the local test node, well hedging our development simultaneously building ethereum. this section goes into why have chosen eos. prior eos, dan larimer, the architect eos, architected two successful blockchain projects, steemit and bitshares. steemit the only blockchain app that handles realistic workload, daily active users (dau). graphene, the blockchain used bitshares, has shown can handle transactions per second network. when released, eos will have the greatest throughput any blockchain network currently existence, which will needed handle the level activity expect the insights network. addition, eos will have several features that make suitable for operating app such the insights network. eos allocates resources, such transaction bandwidth, each account according the number eos tokens held that account. also allows apps pay for their users' usage, which means that users not need pay each time they use app unlike with other blockchain networks, such ethereum. smart contracts and decentralized apps (dapps) can upgraded introduce new features and fix bugs, which will allow improve the insights network rapidly response real-world usage. many our users are ordinary people, and there guarantee that their devices are secure; inevitably, some their accounts will compromised. unlike other blockchain networks, eos allows compromised accounts recovered with the help designated partner they provide identity documentation and multi-factor authentication. portion the proceeds from our token sale will used acquire and hold eos tokens. holders eos tokens are provided guaranteed transaction bandwidth across the network without disruptions caused other activity occurring the eos blockchain. for example, the event ico even denial-of-service attack, users are still entitled their share the transaction bandwidth. eos calls this "rate limiting." another consideration that important the insights network security. putting out data request may involve paying out large number tokens. someone were make unauthorized data request, unwanted transaction would occur. eos provides couple features that would help this and other security-critical situations. eos allows our users require that some operations are approved multiple parties. the case data request, our users could stipulate that making request requires approval several people within their organization. according the eos white paper, this feature, which calls info@insights.network "multi-user control," "is the single biggest contributor security, and, when used properly, can greatly eliminate the risk theft due hacking." eos allows apps add delay before sensitive operations are recorded the blockchain, which when they become irreversible. during the waiting period, users are notified email text that the operation occurring, and they are given chance stop they did not authorize it. the case data request, our users would alerted unauthorized data requests and given the opportunity cancel them. believe that eos has bright future. well-funded, having raised million just the first five days its year-long token distribution, and are well-supported the eos team. given these and other considerations, have determined eos the closest fit for our needs. secure multiparty computation (smc) secure multiparty computation belongs class modern cryptographic solutions that enable computation unknown data. this might seem impossible first, but using the right cryptography, not, and addition smc, this class solutions includes techniques such zksnarks and homomorphic encryption. smc particular achieves this goal converting the computation into distributed computation, which participant the computation sees full input but rather derivation that does not its own give information about the full input. the seminal aspects this concept can traced back shamir (), with the theory being founded the (chaum although smc was shown theory generally applicable the mid-s, the computational complexity smc prevented its practical use for two decades. the first large scale and commercial use smc was done the partisia, denmark-based company, when they used smc replace traditional auctioneer double auction (bogetoft al. since the technology has matured both terms computational speed well the properties the smc protocols. the computational overhead has been reduced approximately /,,. the development smc can traced reading the following papers: pinkas al. (); shelat and shen (); nielsen al. (); frederiksen and nielsen (); frederiksen and nielsen (); lindell and riva (); and nielsen al. (). for help with designing and implementing our custom smc protocols, have partnered with partisia, who developed and deployed the first production implementation smc. since then, they have spun out service for encrypting data that uses smc avoid having store full copy any key server, well custom smc-based dark pool for tora, which processes billion worth transactions daily basis. finally, they also help maintain open-source smc framework called fresco. arguably, other organization has greater depth and experience production-grade implementations smc. www.sepior.com www.tora.com info@insights.network custom smc systems smc applicable diverse set applications. not single protocol but growing class solutions, each with different characteristics. number smc systems have been devised meet the specific needs different applications, such key management and financial order matching. common all smc solutions are the following roles, which each person organization holds one more of: the computing parties are responsible for carrying out the distributed computation. the input parties have inputs for the computation that they would like keep confidential. this end, they use technique called secret sharing decompose each input into parts that are delivered different computing parties. computing party has more than one part for input, and none the parts alone give enough information derive the original input. the result parties are the parties whom the computing parties send their results to. the result parties assemble the data they get from the computing parties into the result the overall computation. crucially, party besides the input parties ever see the original inputs. custom smc systems may differ along the following parameters: basic operations. these are the operations that are used define the computations. smc system will have either arithmetic boolean operations. arithmetic operations are more convenient for expressing statistical analyses boolean operations are more efficient pattern matching. cryptographic primitives. smc system will use one more the following cryptographic operations. secret sharing: technique for splitting piece data into parts that themselves not give information about the original data. secret sharing very common smc systems. oblivious transfer: class protocols for data transfer which the sender sends one several pieces data but does not know which one. homomorphic encryption: class schemes for producing ciphertexts that can computed on. trust model self-trust: party assumes can only trust itself. honest majority: party must rely upon the majority the parties being honest. different combinations these parameters give rise different properties: fault-tolerance: under self-trust, all parties are needed for the computation proceed, and the system will fail even one the parties unable unwilling participate. whereas system merely relies there being honest majority, the system can proceed completion even some the parties fail carry out their duties. info@insights.network security passive security: long all computing parties follow the protocol, none the parties learn anything besides the output the computation. also known semi-honest security. active security: none the parties learn anything besides the output the computation, even the presence malicious parties who are willfully trying deviate from the protocol. covert security: the system able identify that party has probability being malicious which suspiciously high and take punitive measures. performance. active security often much less performant than passive security. covert security provides similar guarantees active security but much more performant. due the nature the technology, custom systems are necessary achieve acceptable levels performance. partisia has been developing custom smc systems since and will helping the insights network with the design and implementation custom smc system with the required security and performance guarantees. notably, will one the first smc systems interact with blockchain. the insights network smc solution smc will used solve the following technological challenges the insights network solution: smc-based authentication and smc-based profile matching and data point validation. achieve good performance, have designed custom protocols for each these use cases. our smc-based authentication, the computation produces digital proof authenticity, which can thought certificate, and carried out the provider, the insights network, and verification partners selected the provider. the proof contains the provider's eos account name, basic demographic details, and signed the insights network. the more certainty there around the provider's authenticity that is, the more high-quality verification partners vouch for the provider and the more basic demographic details the provider provides the more she paid. the smc receives the following inputs, which remain unknown all participants the computation besides the original owner. insights supplies the private key used sign the digital proof authenticity. the provider supplies her eos account name, which will included the digital proof authenticity, well demographic details she wants include the certificate. each verification partner, who are provided with the provider's eos account name, supplies basic demographic details. during the computation, the identity the provider verified and her basic demographic details are cross-checked. successful, the requester gets certificate she will able use prove her authenticity future transactions. info@insights.network for smc-based profile matching and data point validation, use two-party smc protocol with covert security between the requester and the provider. covert security relaxed version active security, which party can proven have probability having cheated. cheating can punished and deterred publishing proofs cheating the blockchain. using covert security instead fully active security, are able provide safeguards against malicious behavior while the same time providing vastly more performant solution, which important for achieving good user experience. consideration must take that the insights provider client may running laptop phone with limited network connectivity and computing power. the smc protocol have designed addresses these limitations with the following properties: minimal trips: there are only two rounds communication between the requester and the provider, which minimizes the effect network latency and poor connectivity. asymmetric computation: the requester will the bulk the work that the provider's computer mobile device not overloaded. finally, using standard encryption schemes, may possible for someone the future take advantage improved processing power crack encrypted data stored the blockchain using brute force. the other hand, our system uses information-theoretically secure encryption, which cannot cracked even attacker had unlimited time and computing resources. hence, our system, only the requester can decrypt the data they have purchased, both now and any point the future. solving the technical challenges proof authenticity providers preserve their anonymity while participating the insights network. but requesters need know that, even though they are anonymous, the providers who are fulfilling their data requests are real people who are being truthful about their characteristics. this the process which provider provides this reassurance. our system uses information from multiple parties order verify provider's identity. for example, one party might the provider's employer. another party might take the provider's state-issued identity document and validate it. call these parties verification partners. the provider passes verification, the system issues digital proof authenticity signed the insights network and publishes the blockchain, where accessible requesters. the digital proof authenticity digital document containing the provider's blockchain account name, which used the endpoint identifier the peer-to-peer protocol that requesters and providers communicate over; similar function tls certificate. using smc, our system designed allow each party provide the information they hold input the verification process without disclosing the other parties. info@insights.network regards identity verification, the inputs are the confidential information held the verification partners, and the computation performed verifying that information and generating digital proof authenticity. when the smc computing parties are finished with their sub-computations, they send their intermediate results the provider who assembles them into digital proof authenticity, signed the insights network. the insights network not assigned sub-computation but contributes its private key input, which used the computation generate the signature for the digital proof authenticity. submitting data request for small fee, requester can send data request the insights smart contract. the request would include survey for providers fill out, pattern describing the target population, and how much pay for valid data point. the request would also include tokens held escrow for the smart contract pay out qualified providers who have submitted valid data points. for extra security, since large number tokens could involved, the requester could stipulate that each request approved multiple parties from their organization using the blockchain operating system's permission system. once requester satisfied with the data points they have received, the requester can close out the data request, and any tokens remaining escrow are returned the requester's account. fulfilling data request periodically, the insights network client used the provider will check with the insights network smart contract see there are open data requests. downloads them locally and uses the provider's profile select which ones display the provider. this section describes the process which provider submits data point for data request. the provider chooses data request and fills out the corresponding survey, which creates data point. she then sends her certificate the requester, along with the data request id, indicate interest submitting data point. the requester uses the insights network's public key ensure that the certificate valid and ensures that the name the provider matches the account name the certificate. these check out, the requester generates secret key that can later used encrypt (as well decrypt) the data point and initiates secure multiparty computation with the provider. both parties provide inputs the computation, which the protocol prevents from being disclosed the other party. the provider provides her profile and the data point she created. the requester provides profile pattern, data format, and secret key, which generated for this particular submission and stored for later use. the computation, which the two parties carry out cooperatively, consists checking see the data point fits the data format and encrypting the data point using the secret key. sub-computations are derived from this computation and assigned the two parties who carry out them out and send the results the smart contract for assembly into the final result. the final result encrypted data point, opposed info@insights.network empty value, then the smart contract sends the provider the tokens she entitled according the terms the data request. not, then the data point was invalid, and her rating reduced. notably, the encryption scheme used our system information-theoretically secure. that is, even attacker had unlimited computing power and time, would not able crack the data point. this means that can store the encrypted data point the blockchain without having worry that someone will able crack ten years from now when computing resources have improved, which naive encryption scheme would vulnerable to. profile matching provider only qualified submit data point her profile matches pattern provided the requester. one way this could implemented for the provider send her profile the requester for vetting. but this could breach privacy, since profiles may contain information that providers may info@insights.network prefer not disclose. and any case, the extent which requesters need know what profile whether matches the pattern they are looking for; they don't actually need know the profile's exact contents. for example, requester may only need know that provider's age from not that the provider years old. described section .., profile matching our system done inside secure multiparty computation. the provider provides her profile input the smc, which virtue the protocol never exposed the requester. secure exchange validated data consider requester and provider. the requester willing buy data from the provider the data meets certain requirements. but the provider not willing let the requester see the data prior receiving payment, because the requester possession the data, the requester may choose take without paying. the same time, the requester not willing pay for the provider's data unless they know the data "good," which the requester defines matching pattern. our system, data point validated and encrypted inside secure multiparty computation. the provider and requester carry out sub-computations, but the smart contract that assembles the results together into the final result. effectively, storing the validated and encrypted data point the blockchain, which delivers the data the requester, and sending payment the provider occur one transaction, which has the advantage either completely failing completely succeeding; that is, either valid data point delivered the requester and tokens are sent the provider neither occur. storage the major categories data that pass through the insights network are providers' profiles, providers' data points, and the information used during the identity verification process for providers. profiles will simply stored provider's local devices. data points will stored encrypted form the state the insights network smart contract, which recorded the ledger. profiles are used for population targeting, but smc ensures they remain private. provider's demographic providers keep profile, which includes demographic information, their insights network client. some the fields the profile are fixed, such sex and year birth. others are mutable, such household income and relationship status. providers may change mutable fields, but each change logged the blockchain. requesters may use this information avoid fraud; for example, requester may want avoid requesters who have changed their household income more than three times over the past three years. also, requester detects suspicious activity, for fee, may flag the provider our two-sided rating system. info@insights.network token economics two-sided marketplace the insights network platform that facilitates transactions between two distinct groups: requesters and providers. requesters need information from providers and are willing pay get it. this dynamic known two-sided marketplace. two-sided marketplaces are notoriously difficult start up. the primary reason for requester place request the insights network that has providers who will fulfill it. the same time, the primary reason for providers join the insights network that there are enough requests placed order make money. the beginning, there are not enough either group the platform attract the other. help with starting the marketplace, are issuing new erc- token, which call instar. users who place their data into the insights network and participate market research will rewarded with instar tokens. holders instar tokens will able place data requests sell them people who want to. providers will able sell the tokens paid out them future requesters, cash them out for things like airline miles branded gift cards the reward store, and send them other users using the insights network wallet. providers join the insights network, more requesters will attracted join and place data requests, which turn would attract even more providers. this known network effect, which could result the network growing very large. info@insights.network distribution tokens tokens will distributed the following way: total supply instar tokens: tokens will sold pre-sale discounted rate the token sale tokens will sold the token sale tokens will dedicated the ecosystem tokens will reserved the company for team, advisors, operations, future engineering hires, r&d million tokens will issued the ecosystem used payment for early users fill out their profiles, well participate market research conducted the insights network and early partners. minting ecosystem coins early adopters, create hundred millions data points that create viable data network for requesters tap into. for example, each early adopter receives token for importing ten simple pieces verified data into their client, these million tokens generate million data points for the insights network. million instar tokens will set aside for the company used compensation for the insights network team, including the founders, employees, and advisors, which will incentivize them increase the demand for the services offered the insights network, and thus the demand for instar tokens, making compelling place conduct market research. info@insights.network should noted that during beta testing the insights network desktop client, insights erc- token will used until the eos platform fully functioning and public, which point there will one-time migration for token holders swap their erc- instar tokens for the equivalent instar eos currency. token sale cap eth use funds development operations marketing legal team brian gallagher w.p. carey school business, y-combinator darwin stanford computer science, y-combinator brandan zaucha w.p. carey school business, y-combinator dylan herman univ. illinois, engineering sebastian leon mit computer science, twitter, data science kurt nielsen ceo, partisia, phd economics jesper buus nielsen research scientist, phd cryptography, smc, co-founder partisia peter frands frandsen computer science, aarhus university, technical director partisia you have passion for big data, are computer scientist and love startups, contact team@insights.network advisors jason hamlin- a.c. nielsen data, founder, goldstockbull.com andrew rosener founder, ceo, mediaoptions dino amaral ph.d. cryptography claudio orlandi ph.d cryptographic protocol design partners partisia pioneer commercial implementations smc. the first large-scale and commercial use smc was done partisia when replaced traditional auctioneer double auction for production contracts. other key accomplishments include spin-out called sepior, which uses smc offer pure cloud solution for trustless key management, and spin-out called secata, which provides info@insights.network off-exchange matching financial markets for securities, well various privacy-preserving statistical analyses, such collaborative credit rating. roadmap draft insights: q-q proof concept launch the insights network website development work initiates eos test net insights: updated white paper include smc token pre-sale final platform specification with blockchain and smc insights: instar token crowdsale instar wallet integration gambeal app live ios instar platform online alpha (with running implementations smc and blockchain) insights: instar app client beta erc- tokens redeemable client instar platform private beta with integrated blockchain rewards for smc transactions insights: instar platform with confidential requester criteria eos platform beta opens insights: instar eos blockchain consumer client fully functional insights: instar fully decentralized platform conclusion data brokers collect intimate information individuals without their permission and sell them anyone who willing pay, even organizations that have considerable influence over the course their lives, including universities, hospitals, and insurance companies. this not just invasion privacy; surveillance. and there little that consumers can stop this practice, even they are among the few who know happening. fortunately, governments throughout the world are cracking down data brokers. the european union has enacted the general data protection regulation, which regulates how organizations should handle what calls "personal data." brazil prohibits transmitting data another party that contains personally identifiable information (pii). the united states, senator edward markey (d-ma) sponsoring bill called the data broker accountability and transparency act info@insights.network will work promote regulations that demand higher standard for the handling sensitive, personal information. but even the absence regulations, believe that our solution will superior existing data brokers and will win free market competition providing superior information and putting consumers control their own data. predict that, years, due the rise decentralized technology, there will intermediaries. organizations will use our platform transact with consumers directly for their data. organizations currently pay billion per year for this data forbes predicts that this will only grow. think the insights network will grow meet this demand and shift control and profit away from middle men such acxiom the data's rightful owners, the consumers. sources eos.io technical white paper multi party computation: from theory practice the secretive world selling data about you (newsweek) predictions for the billion big data analytics market (forbes) acxiom database hacked (computerworld) equifax announces cybersecurity incident involving consumer information (equifax) bogetoft christensen dl, damgaard ib, geisler jakobsen kroejgaard nielsen jd, nielsen, jb, nielsen pagter schwartzbach and toft secure multiparty computation goes live, lecture notes computer science, vol pp. chaum crepeau and damgaard ib. multiparty unconditionally secure protocols (extended abstract). acm stoc, chicago, illinois, usa,may acm press, pp. shamir how share secret, communications the acm pp. pinkas schneider smart and williams secure two-party computation practical. asiacrypt shelat and shen two-output secure computation with malicious adversaries. eurocrypt nielsen jb, nordholt ps, orlandi and burra (): new approach practical active-secure two-party computation. crypto frederiksen and nielsen fast and maliciously secure two-party computation using the gpu. acns frederiksen and nielsen faster maliciously secure two-party computation using the gpu. scn lindell and riva blazing fast the offline/online setting with security for malicious adversaries. ccs nielsen bn, schneider and trifiletti constant round maliciously secure with function-independent preprocessing using lego. ndss info@insights.network