insurchain: decentralized insurance blockchain ecosystem contents abstract insurance market potentials challenges and opportunities solutions products and processes structures and features applications bizguard smart contract based insurance solution for enterprises palsguard insurance solution for communities selfguard marketplace for personalized insurance blockchain-based insurance cards insurance blockchain points algorithms basics baas platform application structure insurchaincoin purpose distribution insurchaincoin administration insurchaincoin ecosystem global ecosystem development initiative synergetic development insurance industry governance xlab foundation ltd. governance structure and voting rights team timeline risk disclosure and disclaimer abstract insurance essential part the finance system and huge market every economy. however, issues like stereotype policies, lack efficiency and lack transparency are still seriously impeding the development insurance. all these issues are dire need addressed. insurance and blockchain have natural consistency essence. the fundamental purpose insurance transfer risks and featured with sociality, uniqueness, security and long-time existence. blockchain, the other hand, based consensus networks with features like traceable, immutable, unforgeable and timestamps. insurance and blockchain are highly compatible with each other. believe blockchain will become essential part insurance and disrupt the industry completely the future. basis this belief, are going build blockchain ecosystem for insurance and going named insurchain. insurchain includes insurchain blockchain, insurchain applications (selfguard, bizguard and palsguard) and open interface allow every use design, purchase, invest insurance and file claims which can automatically processed. insurchain, intermediaries are needed, every step pre-programed based certain rules and the ecosystem can fully operating its own. this will brand new insurance blockchain ecosystem. founding members insurchain have ample experience insurance operating and investing with deep understanding the industry. are also enthusiasts blockchain who believe blockchain will re-shape the old industry the near future and will the front seat see coming. insurance market potentials insurance huge yet fast growing industry with unlimited market potentials. global premium income trillion usd. with the development economy, insurance demands are growing rapidly all over the world. according global insurance review and outlook from swiss re, the world economy will grow steady rate and will insurance premium. global non-life premium will grow and and respectively. global life premium will grow and and respectively. emerging markets, especially those asia, will the boost for premium growth. premium income china reached trillion rmb million usd) the first half increase compared with the same time last year. challenges although insurance still developing rapidly global scale, its development has encountered numerous challenges. the major challenges insurance are facing are follows: too many intermediaries. traditional insurance highly reliant intermediaries. most the premium has been used cover channel cost and customers couldn't properly insured. lack data protection. insurers are possess huge amount customer data including private data such policy information, family members and phone number. insurers are not serious protecting customers' privacy and caused customers troubles. misleading marketing. insurance agents salesmen are lying withholding information when trying convince consumers buy their policy. this has damaged the rights consumers well the reputation insurance. lack innovation. most the policies insurers offering are similar every aspect. can address certain problems consumers are facing, but can't suit all personalized demands. moral hazard. will consumers less careful when they know they can get covered? probably yes, and placed insurers difficult position. moral hazard brings losses insurers while brings benefit for consumers. opportunities all these challenges can addressed with the help blockchain. blockchain distributed ledger technology with features such transparency, immutability and unforgeability. all these features are perfectly matching the nature insurance. leveraging blockchain, insurers will able collect consumers' data chains rather than asking them provide materials repeatedly, smart contract can replace human labor claims and all the fraudulent behaviors can prevented. all the transactions blockchain will immutably recorded and traceable, can help insurers accurately profile each customer and offer personalized pricings. blockchain will the underlying technology for the next-generation insurance and the engine boost insurance development. blockchain-based insurance will vital part the industry and maybe even redefine insurance. are planning build blockchain-based insurance ecosystem, where every user can design, purchase and invest insurance. this ecosystem will able satisfy customer needs, reward those who contribute ideas and innovations, and eliminate intermediaries traditional insurance, lowering operation costs. take health policy example, insurchain ecosystem can save cost for insurers. solutions products and processes will build decentralized, peer peer insurance marketplace based insurchain platform and keep functioning properly making series rules. innovations insurchain will provide include: users can directly purchase insurance products designed professionals and insurers spending insurchain tokens. they can also post their own personalized demands the system with certain token cost. when new demand releases, insurchain system will match with underwriter(s). underwriter(s) can insurers investors. users pay with tokens and underwriter also pays certain number tokens margin. and electronic policy will signed with smart contract. when agreed event triggers claim, the smart contract will automatically process payment and reimbursement. either party has doubts regarding the result, voting process will automatically launched and the disputes will settled through poll. structures and features policy design everyone the insurchain platform can issue insurance policy. ordinary users can this filling out pre-set form. for advanced users, such actuaries, they will have higher authority design more complicated policy. insurchain will launch tool test every new product and make sure applicable and compliant. policy rating will record all the data each policy insurchain, including policy details, sales and claims and all the data immutable. and will design rating system rate each policy from various angles and conditions. so, consumers will able find the most suitable one. and the rating dynamic, changing from time time based customer feedbacks. distribution all the policies insurchain signed through smart contract. safe, verifiable and can launched anyone. all the trades are encrypted and happen real time. third party platforms can help with the distribution each policy and when they successfully distributed policy, they will rewarded with insurchaincoin tokens. claims simple claims can settle with the help smart contract. insurchain will introduce third party adjusters handle more complicated claims. users will able upload relevant materials for his claims and the materials will cross checked and recorded the chain. voting system insurchain will introduce voting system the future. the voting system designed resolve disputes claims. either policyholder underwriter unsatisfied with smart contract settlement, they can spend insurchaincoin tokens file vote. the vote will invite credible users make the vote. algorithm will make sure those with most credible behaviors will invited. applications insurance will covering every moment people's life and will insurchain providing services for every scenario. for now, have made plans develop three applications and they are bizguard, selfguard and palsguard. all the developers around the world are welcome join the insurchain ecosystem and deliver more apps for users. bizguard smart contract based insurance solution for enterprises bizguard will the first application insurchain. scenario-based on-demand insurance has been gaining popularity recent years. usually works this way, company needs customized insurance solution cover specific business scenario, and on-demand insurtech startup will collect data from them and find out the insurance demand that has not been satisfied insurers. then, the startup will design customized solution address this demand and seek underwriting from insurers. this approach has helped improve the experience on-demand insurance, but still not simple enough. actually, most the scenario-based insurance can put the form smart contract. and that what bizguard will achieve. take house sharing business example, companies like airbnb can launch accident policy insurchain, all terms will predetermined into smart contract. accident occurs, tenant can upload photos the scene and qualified third party will exam them and process claims. the timestamps the chain can used verify the validity accidents. palsguard insurance solution for communities palsguard works insurance models, just like friendsurance from germany. will build community let people with same demands share risks and will cover property, liability and health demands. the essential part palsguard build trust-based community. the best way build among friends and relatives. everyone the community shall pay certain tokens premium. the premium will divided into two parts, one purchase cover from insurers, and the other will used cover pool. small claims will paid from the cover pool and when the cover pool runs out, insurers will provide coverage. the remaining tokens the cover pool will returned every community member. the traditional insurance still requires centralized management and may bring risks. palsguard, will build decentralized community and make the cover pool more secure. with the help smart contract, can also achieve automatic claim payment. selfguard marketplace for personalized insurance insurchain ecosystem evolves, will launch marketplace for personalized insurance satisfy individual insurance demands. users can post their own needs, matter structured form unstructured form. insurers the chain will provide estimation the demand, including prices, expected profits and potential risks. then every service provider the chain can bid become the underwriter for this demand. when deal made between user with needs and underwriter, insurchain will record the deal and provide smart contract bind the deal. insurers can also authoritative third party judge and provide opinions when disputes happen. for example, meteorological index insurance policy that reimburses policyholders when certain meteorological parameter, such temperature, rainfall and snowfall. easy implement, but insurers usually don't want spend too many resources for this kind policy. however, selfguard can implement this policy insurchain and satisfy the needs for such policies. users can spend insurchaincoin tokens purchase meteorological index policies such high temperature insurance, smart contract oracles will monitor official temperature releases and when the predetermined temperature reached, the claim will automatically paid. blockchain-based insurance cards insurance card invention insurchain, all the transactions can traced the chain and customers can use blockchain-based insurance cards exchange policies. therefore, everyone can distribution channel certain policy. for example, insurers can put flight policy insurchain, anyone who has purchased can send other users chain gift certain price. since all the transactions are recorded, when claim filed, insurers can easily verify the validity the policy and process the claim payment quickly. insurance blockchain points traditionally, insurers will issue bonus points when customer sign new policy renewal. those bonus points can used buy things their own platform from cooperated third party platform. however, most the bonus points can only used certain insurer's platform. insurchain has designed solution solve this issue and make bonus points from different insurers exchangeable, therefore improving the liquidity bonus points. for example, insurer wants attract customers offering bonus points, but they don't have enough manpower operate online markets, they can register insurchain and make their bonus points exchangeable with points from other insurers which can used many ecommercial stores. so, this insurer can attract more customers without extra cost build online markets. technical structures basics will become the service provider business-level blockchain infrastructure and develop series blockchain-related products and services. one hand, will build enterprise-level blockchain platform, the other hand, will develop high-scalable applications along with users. technical details will released technical whitepaper the recent future. baas platform will develop baas platform which will major advantage over other blockchain projects. baas going modularize each process the blockchain system, including blockchain system, operating system and underlying hardware. user can participate developing well. application structure insurchaincoin purpose insurchaincoin(insur) the crypto token within the insurchain system. users can spend certain number insurchaincoins get insurchain services and products. the rate will determined and charged block recorder. other than that, insurchaincoin also digital asset for users. they can spend claims, distribution and voting get better service. for example, when insurers want promote its policies, they can offer insurchaincoin reward for distribution channels. insurchaincoin's functions will increasingly enriched when the whole insurchain system grows. insurchain team will raise ethereum and spend the ethereum the development, marketing and global operation insurchain. early stages will generate insurchaincoin based erc protocol and put them into application. when the insurchain blockchain developed, will migrate the whole system our public blockchain. distribution insurchaincoin will issue billion insurchaincoin tokens. and the distribution plan follows: billion insurchaincoin tokens (%) for investors; billion insurchaincoin tokens (%) for cornerstone investors; billion insurchaincoin tokens (%) for operation funds support the community; billion insurchaincoin tokens (%) for developers insurchain rewards; billion insurchaincoin tokens (%) for founding and developing team. administration insurchaincoin operation funds insurchain will administered financial management team from insurchain team. the financial management team will charge operation expense and crypto currency management. operation expenses include salaries, travel expenses, rents and daily expenses. crypto currency management includes wallet management, transfers and exchange digital assets. ecosystem global ecosystem development initiative will build international team operate both china and overseas. the initiative will encourage blockchain enthusiasts and developers participate insurchain and work together boost its development. those who have made remarkable contributions insurchain will rewarded with insurchaincoin. synergetic development insurance industry operation funds will continuously encouraging industry partners join and operate insurchain ecosystem. when insurchain filled with outstanding developers, major insurers and high quality users, believe this decentralized network can help make insurance great once again. this ecosystem, everyone the insurance can find its place. matter insurers, users, data providers other third party service providers. governance xlab foundation ltd. xlab foundation ltd. non-profit foundation organization founded january, singapore. singapore country with stable and sophisticated laws and financial environment. according laws singapore, xlab founded support events public and private interests, and not allowed pursue business profits. xlab foundation founded operate insurchain and the purpose not make profits but introduce disruptions for the industry. operation fund will managed leaders the insurchain team. all the revenues earned will allocate cover operation expenses insurchain. team insurchain team made senior officers and developers insurance company, insurtech investors and blockchain experts. all core members have over ten years' experience insurance. yang xuan, head the insurchain's chinese district, also the co-founder warp speed capital. since wsc founded has been operating research-driven investment institution and focus exclusively digital insurance. mr. yang the first investor china who systematically studies and invests digital insurance and now known the best investor digital insurance china. mr. yang's team has surveyed and researched hundreds insurance companies and insurtech startups both domestically and internationally. they have sorted out all the patterns and features the combination insurance and technology. wsc has invested various startups since and most those invested startups have closed next round funds and grown significantly within two years. warp speed team, the strategic partner insurchain also offers media and community services for the digital insurance industry. insurview its media platform where subscribers can learn the trending news from global insurtech community. warp speed team also publishes two industry reports for digital insurance every year. and all these reports have offered great help for the insurtech community. pu, co-founder the chinese district, was taiping insurance beijing branch and founder footprint interactive. has been insurance for more than years and deeply understands the problems insurers are facing. founded footprint interactive which has become service platform for over thousand high-end insurance agents. co-founded warp speed fintech core members yang xuan head the chinese district founder warp speed capital director manager dreamshops cto myfamily co-founder the chinese district former taiping insurance beijing branch founder footprint interactive fmba cuhk satou yousuke former insurance executive expert blockchain application insurance dong blockchain expert worked yahoo research center china master computing tsinghua university xin xianbao expert digitalization solution for traditional insurers yifan former leader baidu news liu xingxing former operational director taiping insurance beijing branch xie xian big data expert for insurance leader data center taiping insurance beijing branch advisory board insurchain xiaolai inblockchain lin jiapeng founder linkvc ning founder sf.gg, core contributor github rongde founder coin zhang yijia founding member google assistant, msc computing cmu robin kiera -insurtech thoughtleader, former board consultant allianz cornerstone investors inblockchain linkvc star chain capital warp speed capital contract skychee capital timeline the development insurchain combination short-term construction and long-term improvement. with the increasing spread blockchain and smart contract, will implement the following strategies step step. the strategies here are only overview the whole plan. more detailed information will released our official website the future. phase one (may sep. the insurchain team has visited hundreds insurance companies and tech startups dozen countries and regions and conducted thorough surveys about the global development digital insurance and insurtech. during this period, insurchain team has released several well-received industry reports based its surveys and invested some promising insurtech startups. blockchain has also been brought during this period and idea combing insurance and blockchain was being conceived. phase two (sep. dec. the insurchain program was formally launched. and have secured cornerstone investment and private investments. phase three (jan. aug. will launch the first application insurchain ecosystem, bizguard. users and developers from all over the world will able design and purchase insurance solutions the ecosystem. meanwhile, the insurchain blockchain program will initiated. phase four (sep. mar. insurchain blockchain program will widely applied the ecosystem and selfguard and palsguard will launched. are also going provide interoperability for each program. phase five (apr. dec. insurchain ecosystem will improved and refined, all processes including policy design, distribution and claims will put action. risk disclosure and disclaimer risk disclosure systematic risk systematic risk means those might cause fluctuations all global markets. for example, policy risks, the regulations blockchain projects and financings are not clear most countries. there chance investors and participants the program being impacted new regulations. the blockchain markets also has potential risks. the digital assets may have been overvalued, investors may lose money miss their expectations. systematic risks also include force majeure such natural catastrophes, cyber-attacks and political turbulences. compliance risks digital assets have experienced and will continue experience drastic fluctuations. individual investors may suffer significant losses due lack experience. and since there regulation this yet, investors may need bear this risk. regulation risks insurchain aiming connect every one globally with insurance. however, since insurance regulations are different from country country, the project might encounter hindrance some areas. insurchain will its best cooperate with local authorities, but the risks shall recognized. competition risks with increasing number players entering blockchain, the market getting competitive. insurchain need stay the best survive this competition. but the trend future competition still unclear. team risks insurchain team comprised senior investors, insurance officers and developers. stability the team the cornerstone for insurchain development. core staff leaves the team, may impede the development insurchain. security risks cryptocurrencies anonymous digital asset. can attacked hackers, used money laundering and involved criminal activities. insurchain may face uncertainties the future. investors should fully aware that before participating. disclaimer this whitepaper only reference for insurchain and provide suggestions insurchaincoin trade. anyone who wish trade insurchaincoin should fully aware insurchain ecosystem and trade his own will. insurchain team guarantees the accuracy and authenticity contents this whitepaper and will putting continuous efforts improve the insurchain ecosystem. details certain parts ecosystem might change order improve insurchain ecosystem. updates will released insurchain official website (www.insurchain.org). insurchain team not responsible for losses investors suffer due the following causes: trade solely the information provided this whitepaper; misunderstanding the information this whitepaper; any behaviors result from this whitepaper. insurchaincoin token for the insurchain ecosystem, it's asset exchange for functions the ecosystem, not investment-related asset. possession insurchaincoin does not grant ownership, right control decision insurchain platform. cryptocurrency, insurchaincoin not any the following kind: fiat currency; security; equity; share, bond, bill any other legal paper. the price insurchaincoin shall determined the market and following applications. may end with nothing. insurchain team promise nothing insurchaincoin price and will not held responsible for the consequences caused insurchaincoin depreciation.