make different world int chain project white paper version int: economy driven solution improve the device interconnection internet things make different world int: economy driven solution improve the device interconnection internet things abstract: int will build framework for machines solutions, and through experiments and projects, community support well confirmatory development, make the int viable solution. through experimental evidence, prototypes and data, well responses community suggestions and comments, the content this paper will revised gradually the future. and devices, and create token, which will used facilitate the resource exchange between nodes and heterogeneous links (different nodes may create independent internal links). for example, node may make request and pay corresponding tokens request other nodes (or links) provide power, network, data, service and other possible resources. addition, background introduction through zero knowledge proof (specific improvement blockchain technology has proved its value finance and other fields, but believe its best usage the field iot. highly distributed iot field especially suitable for blockchain applications. necessary), optional masking may conducted protect user privacy and improve security. preface present, there are several issues with current development iot: the internet things has developed rapidly the last few years, however, concerns have been raised for the standards communication and data exchanges among manufacturers, the interests manufacturers, user privacy, well fragmented model constraint the overall iot development. lack standard the iot vendors are very diversified, each holding their own data silos, the information flow within the systems everything but smooth, while cross-vendor access and liquidation hard implement. expected that more than billion nodes will connected the internet year however, the interconnection within the whole network not smooth, the fragmented internet things would not fully realize value the nodes. inefficiency under the current iot ecosystem, all the devices are connected through central cloud server authentication. the connection between the devices handled through the central servers, thus the efficiency cannot really meet the real-time needs the iot. without defining common set protocol standards, seeking support from individual manufacturers but inefficient and costly. through decentralized and economy driven methods, new way make standards for device interconnection. cost the infrastructure and maintenance cost centralized systems, large servers, cloud service and network devices very high. while the number iot devices increases range tens billions, the additional communication cost also rises exponentially, which will make the iot solution very expensive. project objectives int the acronym for ternetnode token. int attempts build scheme that allows data and resources flow freely within the network and ensure user privacy untrusted and decentralized machine federations. security risks centralized network has very high security requirements for central servers, and the security vulnerabilities iot nodes will affect the whole network. this paper not complete and detailed specification, just preview the development intent the whole design, which attempts propose int: economy driven solution improve the device interconnection internet things make different world software defined resources privacy protection existing centralized networks can collect the user's information will, and after the user realizes the value their data, she may not willing just accept the situation. because the iot systems have more private information, including health information, vehicle driving information etc., the centralized network cannot trusted store that. there fundamental difference between hardware development and software development. because cost and design constraints, the hardware resources are generally scarce, when want add additional costs and provide additional resources the hardware, relatively hard (for example, provide additional computing power and extra external power supply). project overview the problem want solve not provide additional resources, but the hardware itself wifi, temperature collector, when needs provide its own value other services hardware, the corresponding charging strategy can proposed. and the resources are involved in, according different devices, are abstracted from the real world, mapping existing entities (whether hardware data) provide consistent invocation the form services. the int project stems from the apache mynewt community practice. the team initially tried define hardware through software reduce the complexity hardware development. however, even define the abstraction layer the system, how form unified ecosystem between individual nodes still challenge. later, through the team brainstorming, the team considers economic way drive the integration different systems. there way add additional functionality existing devices, but relatively hardware ecosystem, perhaps can allow the various devices open their own functions, gain more revenue through the economic-driven. because the nature the standard monopoly profit, and the tokens themselves can provide profit, and because the volatility the price tokens, may generate additional economic benefits. relative income not less than absolute profit. int kind blockchain application platform and interactive standard which object-oriented iot and based economic driving mode. the parallel chain structure used form distributed network between devices, and consensus algorithm adopted guarantee the legal trustworthiness the transaction between devices. the same time, different kinds devices can connected different parallel chains avoid the explosive growth the total ledger. we're going try new model that drives the hardware open itself sharing benefits, get profits decentrally, rather than through centralized monopoly. the existence int can greatly reduce the development difficulty the application the blockchain iot. can relay different iot, form edge computing networks, effectively circulate resources, and accelerate the progress iot popularization. int designed scalable heterogeneous chain, providing relay chain platform which large number verifiable, globally consistent and consensus data structures can built. other words, the basis ensuring overall security and cross-chain trust, int committed making the iot blockchain into networking infrastructure like tcp/ip, which imperceptibly affects people's lives. monetization resources our definition, need steady measurement, and not use int the settlement the iot, but use gas mechanism, which similar eth. because devices resource settlement needs relatively stable measurement, the resources will settled the following ways: price tag type: pay according the marked price. metering type: pay according the timeline, other dimensions subsection. competitive bidding type: bid all devices that need invoke the resources. order achieve these objectives, must the following: int: economy driven solution improve the device interconnection internet things make different world algorithm, passing the user intent (intent) other hardware, without the need pass the user symbol, which not only can effectively protect the user's privacy, but also can resolve concerns about the loss users. cpp (cost per purchase): pay based the end use the resource. because the existence smart contracts, many traditional architectures which cannot completed way that can taken here, and then implement coordination and interaction, the specific way can agreed the chain the form smart contract. our innovative bkp algorithm model uses unsupervised learning strategy model and clustering behavior, through zero-knowledge proof algorithm implement user desensitization. resource transaction configuration this allows for the sharing resources based intent between devices, and does not require users share data, which can effectively address user privacy problem. related nodes shall purchase resources semiautomatic manner through custom policy. privacy protection principle there also particularly important problem the current iot: user privacy. the user privacy protection iot extremely fragile. easy predict user behavior because the large amount data collected the sensor. moreover, for the current architecture model, even use the open implement user desensitization, long analyze multiple dimensions, easy reverse deduce the identity the user. solve this problem, try adopt our innovative behavior private key (bpk) algorithm model based zero-knowledge proof security the device likely kill like mechanical bee magic mirror (black mirror)? this may not necessarily the case, but must not rarity drive automatic car hit person into death. the security the future iot the most important, and the int will try filter the intent through the innovative bpk algorithm, trying ensure the user's security. system architecture figure int system architecture int: economy driven solution improve the device interconnection internet things make different world consensus service known, consensus algorithm, traditional each machine node can shelve corresponding sku based their own wishes, which suitable for different bidding, sales, distribution strategy, authority strategy, forming self-discovery metadata. this layer definition software services and abstraction hardware services. dpos consensus algorithms have started evolving towards the direction centralization while deviating from blockchain's original intention decentralization. therefore, pragmatically create new consensus algorithm called double chain consensus algorithm the base deep understanding into the core trading market dpos consensus algorithm and the basis int chain's real application scenarios well current machine automatic matching development status iot devices. the basic architecture shown the following diagram: through smart contracts and semi dynamic configuration, for basic services, such network, power, calculation, self-discovery, implement plugand-play access. wherein, the "thearchy chain" made the servers provided device manufacturer, community leader and ecological enterprise the core the entire developer api trading market architecture. the "thearchy chain" consists "thearchy nodes" which have come into being through mass for data and services, trading system formed the cloud. election the method community poll. eventually thearchy nodes are produced, and their address information written into the thearchy chain's genesis int token block. int token will take two-tier structure. the first tier the traditional token structure that participates exchange transactions and can understood int share. the second tier uses the first tier token structure, launches timed auction and float aiming fiat money, mainly solve the problem token volatility, reduce volatility which easy billing. the primary function "thearchy chain" perform block-generation operation using the dbft/dpos consensus algorithm and coordinate with the work nodes the ordinary chains lower layers. specific use whichever consensus algorithm mainly dependent the quantity nodes the thearchy chain. are using the dbft algorithm the early phase the project. machine node following txs will retained the thearchy chain's blocks: node grouping tx; node work node may traditional server node, stm node that configured tailoring according machine performance. iot typical edge fog computing scenario (fog computing). fact, the existing blockchain network not suitable for iot. such scalable network with high computational power, how share computational power, fact, the core also economic-driven, need define int such solution. reporting tx, and; identity authenticating tx. among them, the identity authenticating key continuous operation "thearchy chain". the identification information with signatures thearchies will appear the chain. through this mechanism, the system can approve new "thearchy nodes" join the "thearchy chain" vote kick out manufacturers that are longer involved and thearchy nodes that not work normal vote. int: economy driven solution improve the device interconnection internet things make different world figure architecture consensus mechanism algorithm wherein, the "thearchy chain" made the servers addition the "thearchy chain", the entire archi- provided device manufacturer, community leader and tecture will consist ordinary chains which are made ecological enterprise the core the entire architecture. iot device nodes various models produced the "thearchy chain" consists "thearchy nodes" which numerous different manufacturers, and which all have come into being through mass election the nodes the "thearchy chain" will also belong. method community poll. eventually thearchy the nodes ordinary chains will continually read nodes are produced, and their address information the information the "thearchy chain" during opera- written into the thearchy chain's genesis block. tion order work with high efficiency. the infor- the primary function "thearchy chain" mation mainly includes: perform block-generation operation using the dbft/d- determine which node the next block will pos consensus algorithm and coordinate with the work generated according the "thearchy chain" block nodes the ordinary chains lower layers. specific generation information (blocks ordinary chains are use whichever consensus algorithm mainly depen- also generated from thearchy nodes); dent the quantity nodes the thearchy chain. the basis reading the "thearchy chain" are using the dbft algorithm the early phase the information, determine the group which the current project. following txs will retained the thearchy chain's blocks: node grouping node work reporting tx, and; identity authenticating tx. among them, the identity authenticating key continuous operation "thearchy chain". the identification information with signatures thearchies will appear the chain. through this mechanism, the system can approve nodes belong and then determine the block data that will need saved well complete the data fragmentation; read the legal manufacturers information "thearchy chain" and decide the data information reported other devices legitimate not; report the operation information ordinary new "thearchy nodes" join the "thearchy chain" vote kick out manufacturers that are longer involved and thearchy nodes that not work normal vote. nodes. int: economy driven solution improve the device interconnection internet things make different world this design, there remain only the iot data fragmentation ordinary chains and reducing the collecting and the scalable smart contract operating performance storage capacity requirements for iot among the main txs ordinary chains, while the devices becoming blockchain nodes. consensus algorithm logic and device/data legitimacy judgment logic are both transferred the thearchy consensus mechanism process chain, thereby boosting the stability and celerity block the operational process intchain consensus mechanism shown below: generation ordinary chains while implementing data figure operational process consensus mechanism the operational procedure the whole process the basis their own grouping information, iot devices can delete ordinary chain blocks that are shown below: thearchy nodes generate blocks through dbft alien their own group; iot devices deliver the running log the thear consensus algorithm; the normal nodes running the server where thearchy nodes are located generate blocks after the chy chain through node work report order obtain salary income; iot devices send ordinary each other thearchy chain generates blocks; the ordinary nodes running iot devices read the grouping information the thearchy chain deter- call functions send collected data; what displayed, default, the int browser the block information about the ordinary chain; mine the group which they belong; iot devices that access the network for the first time are also required register nodes the thearchy chain; the int wallet can submit the ordinary chain any the iot device nodes any ordinary the basis their own grouping information, chain node running thearchy nodes. standard ordinary nodes iot devices select thearchy node reproduced similarly such means also supports maintain connection for updating blocks and delivering anonymous submission using broadcast; tx; such design can boost tx's confirmation speed and reduce the bandwidth consumption brought about with broadcasting iot narrow-band edge network. regular basis, the thearchy chain creates device grouping according the node information registered iot devices. int: economy driven solution improve the device interconnection internet things make different world calculation separated from bookkeeping "mining mechanism" int would disclose salary calculation algorithm, into which the input the records working status all devices within the current period after using the double-chain formulaic algorithm, whereas from which the output the payroll each iot device would have the chance generate device. plus, int would publicize the payroll within blocks, there way earn rewards generating the publicity period, whereafter the int foundation blocks. although, from the perspective int's would issue int token the basis this payroll. economic model design, iot devices can earn incomes addition the calculation payroll, this salary calcu- providing functions and reporting key data, lation algorithm can also iteratively optimized design set incentive mechanism reward iot during each period, thereby identifying any data fraud; devices (nodes) normal work order that the entire blockchain network can operate more healthily. from this set mechanism also addresses the issue that the perspective implementation, the current scheme economic parameters traditional blockchains are not being adopted for int the wage-paying mechanism easily modified once set. moreover, the openness and "contingent device's working conditions", but fairness core mechanism blockchain are give umbrella name such mechanism calcula- safeguarded through the open algorithm and its input. tion separated from bookkeeping mechanism order extending business logic using smart contract make distinction between and traditional incentives which are based rewards for block generation. intchain delivers basic capacity, namely differ- the content operational core this mechanism ent device manufacturers are allowed extend the shown below: smart contract operating their own subchain. but regular basis, iot devices pack their own considering the hardware capacity iot devices, working status into "node work report tx" submit traditional virtual machine-based methods are not the thearchy chain. the working status includes "device employed extend smart contract. call such startup", "device shutdown", "device has completed capacity extending smart contract blockchain xxx work" and other information, and extension int contract. supported. the principle int contract bears relation the within time period, working status all devices implementation architecture int chain. the imple- the entire int network encompassed the thearchy mentation architecture int chain shown chain recorded; below: figure the implementation structure int chain int: economy driven solution improve the device interconnection internet things make different world each int subchain developed based the same provide reliable executive source data for int smart chain sdk. but different subchains are allowed contract software and hardware levels respectively. extend their own int contract the execution cross-chain interoperability protocol engine layer. traditional development language the cross-chain interoperability protocol the int (javascript), instead specialized smart contract vm, relay-chain will fall into two parts: "cross-chain asset used extend int contract and can run directly exchange protocol" and "cross-chain distributed trans- the iot, featuring high executive performance, action protocol". low resource consumption and applicability for the real execution environment iot devices. moreover, the cross-chain asset exchange protocol learning cost and engineering cost int contract are extended over the double-chain atomic asset lowered with effectiveness with the use regular exchange protocol int chain., this allows multi- development languages. ple participants exchange assets different block- countermeasures against puzzles source tracing along the public chain chains and guarantees complete success failure all steps throughout the trading process. implement this function, the int contract feature needs logically, impossible for matters the physi- exploited create contractual account for each cal world chained, numeric required participant. for any other blockchain incompatible fabricated for each "matter", such form with int contract, can remain compatible with number code. but the correspondence between int's cross-chain protocols long simple smart such and the "matter" hinges human factors, contract feature can delivered. which allows for considerable subjectivity and scope for counterfeit. the reliability tracing the source cross-chain distributed transaction protocol along blockchain remains deficient. cross-chain distributed transaction means multiple take ethereum example. the smart contract steps entire transaction whose consistency deployed ethereum originally unable access secured are implemented separate blockchains. this networks beyond blockchain, even impossible call extension cross-chain asset exchange, whereby the restful api directly similar ways applications the behavior asset exchange extended into are developed. hence, data sources the physical arbitrary behavior. layman's terms, int's relay world remain significantly inaccessible blockchain. chain makes cross-chain smart contract possible. this requires automated tool that can provide single smart contract can execute different parts across reliable data sources for smart contract blockchain. multiple different blockchains, which are either oraclize company promotes the oracle tool which completely executed return the status prior ensures data are not counterfeited certain degree execution. through verification tsl notary. packaging methods blocks the above description reveals that the core strategy different chains may take either form chains cope with the puzzle source-tracing application generating blocks high frequency and low time minimize human participation and economic consumption highly densified blocks. so, different motives for counterfeit throughout the process from packaging methods for enclosed blocks are adopted for collection processing transmission-onto-chain each parallel chain, and consensus integrated via the key source data "matter". relay chain. the consensus integration part will the shell int chain will develop supporting tools billed main nodes. similar oracle for the smart contract module constituted software fetch and hardware fetch int: economy driven solution improve the device interconnection internet things make different world car owners can exploit blockchain trace iot devices network design (e.g. annual inspection vehicle, automatic car insur- iot such extremely special network that there ance tracing, etc.) automatic traveling data exchange enormously great discrepancy between the requirements between vehicles. for instance, the source map indicat- for accuracy delaying different protocols. will ing traffic congestion transmits data for car owners adopt the mqtt method respect network architec- keep track the real-time traffic condition and imple- ture and accomplish specific implementation and proto- ment automatic drive safer manner, automated col amelioration for mqtt fulfill the demands for navigation automobiles, roadside service, etc.; blockchain. intelligent finance: combination with the impossibility falsification application scenarios int and int dapp and authentic right data implemented for distributed with the growth iot devices geometrical cial agencies secured, issues such letter credit, data blockchain, the authenticity data about financorporate obligations and bonds, trading platforms, progression well the improvement the level giving quotation, contract fraud and order fraud can intelligence machines, there will increasing avoided, and traceability financially safe network number automatically running iot dapps enhanced; installed smart devices and real-time, credible automatic data exchange and automatic transaction will intelligent equipment: implemented between machines and between human sensors are utilized trace the conditions bridges, and machine via the distributed iot dapps. roads and power grids, even help monitor natural int will implement data transmission featuring disasters remote areas, prevent against massive direct interconnection between nodes within iot. iot mountain conflagrations, disease and pest damages and solutions would not require importing large-sized data other grave catastrophes, implement smart urban centers for data synchronization, management and management, prognosticate urban greening and pollu- control. all operations including the sending data tion conditions, and perform maintenance share collection instructions and software update can trans- high-efficiency urbanized management. mitted via the network blockchain. some typical different iots are relayed circulate resources with application scenarios int are: efficiency while significantly lowering the access intelligent manufacturing: threshold iot, shortening the cycle development and reducing risks application development. will product transport, for instance, which the products extensively applied respect intelligent power can traced, secured and delivered schedule even grid, intelligent logistics, smart home, smart advertising though cargoes are transferred through multiple material board, smart city, military appliances, etc. intelligent flows; for instance, the data about production, inventory medical treatment, partnership has been achieved with management, sales volume products and inventory int'l medicine, well-known leading domestic listed are all recorded order shared between the enterprise medical circulation. having successfully business and production departments, intensify punctual addressed such issues resource waste drug packag- production and boost efficiency operation. equip- ing, environmental pollution and difficulty ensuring ment and systems manufacturing are becoming drug safety during transportation, the int technology increasingly intelligent, thereby stepping progressively and rsps carried system can not only provide real-time into completely virtualized world; location information but also ensure safety protection intelligent automobile: for whole-process traceable drug circulation, channel the automatically running dapps iot enable end-to-end business data and boost the efficiency vehicles change into smart application terminals, and drug circulation. int: economy driven solution improve the device interconnection internet things make different world degree post-doctoral research chinese academy roadmap sciences (cas). young expert the next int aims address the issue value transfer generation (g) wireless communication and iot fragmented and dispersed iot markets. will brand technology, and now majors the applications new architectural platform the bottom layer iot "blockchain iot" technological convergence. blockchain featuring decentralization, openness, open took charge one projects. has published source and high efficiency. the ecosystem, different multiple papers and applied for several technology participants can receive the profit right cost and share patents. with each other. there exists the bonus fast devel- chen guanghui opment both domains blockchain and iot. chief development engineer int dapp. mr. transparent and open system, int expected chen graduated from fudan university, majored promote the development iot, without appealing computer software. worked eastcom and unification standards, drive the interconnection huawei successively. has rich experience different standards economic means and form communication underlying technologies, system archi- effective decentralized market. tecture, r&d project management, software develop- the first step the solution, will release the ment, mobile internet and other fields. from intchain. the first quarter and, this worked r&d engineer the cdma switch base, accomplish code reconstitution and stratification development department, head the testing depart- implement the double chain architecture and create ment and vice general manager eastcom. new version intchain released the second joined huawei and served head the enter- quarter for commercial operation among multi- tudinous prise communications mkt department and head cooperative clients. the railway signal architecture design department. the second part, will build the int ecosystem, started his own business the direction for the integrate upstream and downstream enterprises and mobile phone taxi service market. scientific research enterprises iot, create open wang hongwei hardware platforms, and apply int iot big data, iot master from sichuan university, years experi- supply chain, finance, intelligent manufacturing and ence technology research iot; early platform more industrial domains. architect for huochebang; leader for the first industrial routing device huawei; inventor the int team high-speed railway signal combined default security system and smart packaging. the int team core members include the first batch iot development experts globally, developers with michael zhang vast experience communication and large systems, mba from national university singapore. bach- architects for operating systems, and engineers the elor from fudan university. mr. zhang has over financial field. the r&d team has deep understand years experience management and operation ing and research and development experience the asia. leading expert cross-border trade and fields iot signal transmission, supply chain management. security system design, blockchain, bottom layer yin xiangyu bitcoin, ethereum, automated value exchanging, head int china. diehard fan for the iot. one machine learning, the big data technology and the earliest iot research and development practi- core team members tioners china, entrepreneur successive internet xiang ruofei startups and apache mynewt code contributor. mr. yin chief scientist intchain. dr. xiang holds the has participated the research and development, int: economy driven solution improve the device interconnection internet things make different world application and promotion wearable kong huawei head shanghai sub-institute the remote single-soldier life test instrument based gprs, depth institute computing technology, chinese academy anesthesia tester, early diabetic neuropathy tester and sciences and chief scientist venture capital the first wechat-based iot device china welomo. investment zhangjiang hi-tech. tan lei blockchain and big data mining expert, zhang promoter north america blockchain association mr. zhang holds mater's degree from huazhong (naba), years service microsoft headquar- university science and technology. has years ters, master from duke university, author books like experience stystem architecture; leader for blockchain ddos protective devices hc; head the ramble chairman north america blockchain high-speed railway signal double -vote- security association (naba), chief architect for guiyang mechanism huawei; architect for the first industrial blockchain financial regulation sandbox, chairman routing software huawei and metro system atp& guiyang blockchain finance incubator, founder ato system. goocoin and swft. zhang hangjun roy celebrated network security and iot expert. graduated from hangzhou dianzi university, zhao yafu director risk management guangdong zhuo tai capital ltd. years experience hardware development; charge r&d emc testing devices; head the first liu jinhua cpa, cta, co-partner shandong industrial routing hardware huawei, charge shixin certified public accounts firm, accounting and r&d vehicle-mounted, cbi and rail-side signal tax consultant for several listed companies, former system hardware high-speed railway, metro system of-ficial shandong provincial state taxation bureau. and tramcars. lei partner guangdong etr law firm. chun int angel investment team master from china jiliang university. worked wang dou founding partner silicon valley geek successively huawei and cetc, expert capital and link capital software system engineering and highly reliable and secure system design. when worked huawei, mr. liang junzhang co-founder kinzon capital. was charge design and development jiaxuan co-founder future fund. high-speed railway signal systems and the rbc system; huang zhiyi co-founder sino-us venture capi- when worked the iot research institute the tal. cetc, was charge the project smart zhili huzhou and other projects and was the technology luo wen chairman iwali technology. chief charge top-layer planning, network deisgn, zhou you director hangzhou shunwang tech- applications, deployment and development hardware nology ltd, chairman fuyun technology. terminals, etc. lin shirong founder enhou investment. zheng zhiping founder aizhan.com. chen yuqi lin xirong co-founder itb capital. school mathematics sun yat-sen university, former development engineer the distributed system team achievement soufun.com and contributor google brillo code. china's first generation remote single soldier life status detection wearable clothing based gprs advisors the team int: economy driven solution improve the device interconnection internet things make different world china's first depth anesthesia tester concept products the alliance blockchain. some int will converted into other forms equity assets for project operation necessary. phs products, communication platform and financial management explanation communication protocol system financial management the int foundation the first cdma switch china follows the principle comprehensive management, huawei's first industrial routing hardware, frugality and practical results orientation. int founda- tion assets management included the all-round high speed rail signal combination fault and budget management and financial operating budgets are safety system made based actual operational conditions. annual financial operating budget shall submitted the class ddos protective device autonomous committee for review; monthly financial huawei high speed rail signal double -vote- budget shall re-viewed the execution committee. security system the financial management center responsible for chinese subway atp&ato system preparation and execution reports and make disclosure quarterly basis. int foundation will engage interbank settlement blockchain application third-party auditing supervise financial operation system the project, audit capital and prepare auditor's reports the test vehicle connecting blockchain which will announced annual information disclo- application "automatic traffic interchange system" sure. financial statement disclosure channel: https://in- based eth was successful. tchain.io/ progress disclosure int foundation the promotion team the int project commits int foundation non-profit organization which makes commitment manage crow-funding encrypt- established for supporting iot application projects digital assets the principle dedication, integrity based int platform. and prudence and diligence. order protect inves- the governance int fund committee tors' interests, strengthen management and efficient use int and promote healthy development the int project, the information disclosure system adopted int fund alliance committee adopts the alliance for the int project. int hopes standardize digital rotating chairmanship, which chairperson-in-office asset management, improve self-discipline the block- will elected voting every other year and hold chain industry and enhance transparency manage- his/her office for only one tenure. the committee has ment encrypted digital assets blockchain several management centers, including blockchain setting itself example safeguard long-term technology development center, blockchain commer- development the blockchain industry. cialization center, financial management center, risk control and management center and general affairs int will disclose quarterly report within two management center, which give guidance for work months completion each quarter and prepare their respective business departments. and disclose annual report within three months the date each fiscal year (i.e. december every capital source and management year).contents these reports include but not limited the capital used for maintaining the operation the technology development milestones and progress int project mainly originates from batch-based venture the int project, application development milestones investment into underlying assets int token well and progress, digital asset management, duty perfor- membership dues, donations, etc. paid members mance the team, financial conditions, etc. int: economy driven solution improve the device interconnection internet things make different world disclaimer int will disclose important temporary information the int project real-time manner irregular this document meant only for conveying infor- basis, including but not limited major cooperations, mation and does not constitute opinion the trading any change core team members, lawsuits involved int token. any such proposal shall carried out int, etc. int will disclose information and financial under trustworthy provision and with the permission statements its official website https://intchain.io/. the applicable securities law and other relevant laws, advisory committee and the above information analysis shall not consti- int will invite domestic and foreign experts tute investment decisions specific recommendations. engaged the field blockchain industry for many this document does not constitute any investment years, notables with rich experience work perfor- suggestion, investment proposal abetted investment mance, legal entertainment culture and other profession- relation any form securities. this document als, and people familiar with government policy form shall neither constitute nor construed any behavior third-party expert advisory committee, and provide providing any buying and selling any behavior consultants, assistant decision-making, and other inviting buy and sell any form securities, and outside brain staff, including: shall not contract commitment any form. demonstrate and guide the team's work plan and int has made clear that users with relevant inten- major projects, assist the project development planning tions have had explicit knowledge about the risks and design; int platforms and that, investors, once involved any investment, are deemed having known about and undertake projects government research and accepted the risks this project and being ready industry commission carry out industry research; undertake every corresponding result consequence organize the research the hotspot issues iot for their investment. and blockchain, and provide consulting services for the int token digitally encrypted currency used team; int platforms. when this paragraph being compiled, strengthen the exchange information, regularly int token remains unable purchase relevant goods hold industry forums, guest discussions, academic services. cannot guarantee that the int currency exchanges, etc. bound appreciate, instead may also depreciate int expert advisory committee includes the under certain conditions. following experts: kong huawei, director shanghai int token neither ownership nor control institute computing, china academy sciences power. any control over int token does not represent (cas); xiang ruofei, cas post-doctoral expert the control power over int its application. int token blockchain; zheng zhiping, founder aizhan.com and does not empower anybody involve such control expert network marketing; zhao yapu, risk control make any decision int and its application. supervisor guangdong zhuotai investment management co., ltd. risk statemen int legal counsel risk loss int token due loss certificate the int foundation will employ well-known international law firms int project legal advisor provide comprehensive legal services for the design the digital asset transaction structure, operational compliance, legal wind control system design, and overseas legal advice for the int project. each buyer will have corresponding int account after allocation the int token. the only way access this int account related login credential chosen each buyer. the loss such credential will result loss int token. the best way store login credential securely securely store one more int: economy driven solution improve the device interconnection internet things make different world official versions. possible fail any expecta- places rather than any public place place where stranger will show up. tion imagination the int itself buyers for the risks associated with core protocols ethereum functions forms (including participants' behaviors) int applications intcoin. this can happen because any analysis with error any change before the launch the main blockchain int, underlying design. int token developed based ethereum erc risk hacking theft protocol. therefore, any fault incurred the core protocol ethereum, unpredictable functional failure possible that any hacker organization incurred attack will possibly cause int token stop country region tries interrupt int applications working lose functions unexpected way. for intcoin functions any way, including service attacks, further information about ethereum protocols, please sybil attacks, guerrilla attacks, vicious software attacks visit http://www.ethereum.org consistency attacks, etc. risks associated with buyer's credential loophole risk risk vigorous development cryptography any third-party that acquires buyer's login creden- intcoin might lost due development tial private key likely control his/her intcoin cryptography leaps and bounds development directly. minimize this risk, buyers are expected other related sciences and technologies, like develop- protect their electronic devices prevent admittance ment quantum computers, decoding risks brought any unverified access request and any access contents encrypted tokens and int platform. such devices. risk lack maintenance use risks associated with judicial regulation buying intcoin shall considered support for and investment the application and development the blockchain technology has become main the iot rather than speculation. intcoin may have target regulation major countries and regions. considerable market value certain period time competent authority for regulation exerts influence, int and enable early investors make promising earnings. applications int token will impacted. for exam- however, the int platform not well maintained ple, statutes restricts the use and sale electronic used sufficiently, such appreciation not much tokens. practical significance. risk loss due lack insurance risk lack attention int applications unlike bank accounts accounts with other finan- possible that int applications are not used cial institutions, storage int account ethereum large number individuals organizations. this network normally uninsured. any loss under any means that the public not interested enough develop circumstances not underwritten any open organi- and grow these related distributed applications. this zation individual. phenomenon lack interest may have negative influ- other unpredictable risks ence intcoin and int applications. cryptographic token emerging technology. risk int related applications products failing meet the expectations int itself buyers besides the risks elaborated herein, there are also some risks which are unpredictable the blockchain industry itself and the int team. for further information, please visit int's official website: https://intchain.io int applications are still development and they may changed significantly before the release int: economy driven solution improve the device interconnection internet things make different world tolerance algorithm consensus mechanism. definitions consistency algorithm for message delivery, wherein bitcoin: bitcoin virtual currency and not consistency achieved through three stages deter- issued relying certain currency organization; but mine the final generation blocks. the case that rather, generated through huge amount comput- there are nodes, such algorithmic mechanism ing according certain law. bitcoin uses the distribut- decides fault nodes can tolerated exist without database constituted many nodes the entire making any difference the consistency result. such network confirm and record all trading behaviors and mechanism can independent from the existence guarantees security all parts the currency circula- tokens. consensus nodes can constituted the tion process leveraging cryptographic design. participatory and supervisory parties. the shared delay iot: internet things, i.e. network links for seconds can basically fulfill commercial between things. requirements. apache mynewt: open-source community zkp: zero knowledge proof, concept put project promoted the apache software foundation forward s.goldwasser, micali and rackoff (asf). the means that prover enables verifier believe that certain conclusion correct without mynewt: real-time operation system focusing providing any useful information the verifier. iot applications, including low power consumption bluetooth (ble) wireless transfer protocol stack poa: proof activity. nimble; latest stable version -b. pow: proof work. dapp: decentralized application. pos: proof stake. consensus mecha- dac: decentralized autonomous corporation. nism upgraded from the pow. controls the duration distributed ledger. mining based how many tokens node owns and how long holds token; can effectively shorten fog computing: this model, data, (data) mining time, but does not avoid the issue waste processing and applications concentrate devices the computing resources miners. edge the network rather than almost all them dpos: delegated proof stake. for its princi- storing the cloud. extended concept cloud ple, token selects certain number nodes through computing. voting and completes verification and bookkeeping for hash: classic technology cryptography. them. this consensus mechanism can significantly input with random length turned into output reduce the number nodes which participate book- composed letters and numbers with fixed length keeping and verification achieve rapid consen- through hash algorithm. sus verification. however, also relies the existence hash/s (h/s for short): computing perfor- the token and this limits some applications which mance parameter, i.e. the number hashes processed not need the existence the token. per second. mh/s means able process erc: the erc token common million hashes every second. exchange standard for eth wallet, allowing developers merkle tree: double-fork tree, composed wallets, exchange and other smart contracts know set leaf nodes, set middle nodes and root the way new mark operates based this standard node. advance. this way, they can design their own applications take care these tokens without waiting for pbft: practical byzantine fault tolerance, any update new token system. which also known the practical byzantine fault int: economy driven solution improve the device interconnection internet things make different world erc: the erc token unable send tokens contract which incompatible with them. this the reason for why there risk loss some capital. the erc token will introduce new function the existing erc standard prevent any unexpected transfer. raspberry pi: rpi for short. mini computer credit card size designed for learning computer programming education and its system based linux. arduion: convenient, flexible and easy-to-use open-source prototype platform. includes hardware (various models arduino boards) and software (arduino ide). developed european development team the winter references tapscott, tapscott, how blockchain changing finance, harvard business review, stein, supply chain with blockchain--showcase rfid, faizod, nakamoto, bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system, bitcoin.org, hackett, the financial tech revolution will tokenized, fortune, bayer, haber, stornetta, improving the efficiency and reliability digital timestamping, sequences ii: methods communication security and computer science, legay, bozga, formal modeling and analysis timed systems, springer international publishing ag, back, hash cash--a denial service counter-measure, hashcash.org, dickson, blockchain has the potential revolutionize the supply chain, aol tech,