intense coin version intense coin team october introduction today, privacy and security the internet are paramount concerns for users all levels. days past, such matters concerned only the technologically elite and organizations with enterprise-level security requirements. the landscape internet security has shifted, and everyday users now recognize the threats posed malware and counterparties. security necessity for end-users has progressed beyond simple antivirus software now demand protection and security network traffic. intense coin (itns) cryptocurrency that seeks address the growing and persistent need for secure internet usage establishing peer-to-peer, decentralized, blockchain driven, anonymous virtual private network (vpn). intense strives fulfill mission internet freedom and equitability, and decentralized vpn network imperative step toward this goal. meet this goal, the intense network will offer two mechanisms for vpn connectivity. true classic cryptocurrency ideals and values, the intense network will allow end users host vpn servers and act exit nodes for peer-to-peer (pp) vpn tunneled connections. effect, decentralized and trustless vpn created. the intense network will also serve centralized marketplace for commercial vpn operators advertise and establish vpn connections. virtual private networks (vpns) exist obscure and secure traffic between endpoints. using encrypted tunnels for network data, internet traffic remains impervious wiretapping and eavesdropping. the protections offered vpn usage allow consumers access the internet without the risk leaking data attackers monitoring network traffic, without restriction corporations governments, and without geographic limitation. economic projections for vpn markets are intensely favorable. for example, the global ssl vpn market projected grow annually [cagr] and increase from billion value billion from []. mobile vpn demand projected grow staggering from []. pillar use for virtual private networks anonymity. intense will address the crucial need for anonymity not only utilizing encrypted peer-to-peer tunnels for data, removing the possibility nefarious individuals analyzing monitoring traffic, but also means anonymized mechanism payment. intense coin, unlike conventional bitcoin-based cryptocurrencies, based the cryptonote algorithm which utilizes ring signatures mix transactions among multiple receivers for anonymity []. while many vpn services exist today and are sold under the premise allowing anonymous web browsing, these advertisements tend foster false sense security. users are often easily traced back their activity vpns means payment used acquire the service. some modern vpn companies have improved upon this flaw offering payment via bitcoin rather than conventional credit card usual online payment processors. however, bitcoin also offers false sense security and anonymity. known that extensive forensic monitoring and analysis operations are place for bitcoin, and payments can readily traced back senders []. addition, most vpn providers track users' habits and keep detailed logs every action. intense coin will address these shortcomings the classic vpn delivery model combining decentralized network with anonymous, untraceable payments, and abstain from logging user data. while commercial vpn providers and services abound, end users lack reliable clear method comparing services and prices. intense coin will allow these providers list the prices and details their service offerings one convenient marketplace, side-by-side with intense vpn exit nodes. simple terms, intense coin wallets and products will vpn services ebay amazon are general goods: multiple sellers from multiple regions will list their vpn capabilities, allowing end-users the ability freely select the exit node which makes the most sense them from cost, bandwidth, speed and location perspective. significant attention has been devoted the conceptualization and development the intense network and vpn avoid affiliation with nefarious end users. vpns offer anonymity, conceivable that some individuals seek use such services avoid association with conviction for criminal activities. effect, the intense vpn has been designed with specific features restrict access certain types network activity such torrenting. all these features exist promote intense vpn and the intense network primarily tool for accessibility, net neutrality, and anti-censorship, rather than tool for nefarious users utilize means circumvent law enforcement. intense coin details intense coin exists foremost cryptocurrency, based upon cryptonote and bytecoin foundations allow for anonymous transactions. ring signatures are used prove that transaction occurred between parties but without allowing determination who truly owns received the coins question, limiting analysis the blockchain. the same technology used monero (xmr). with most cryptocurrencies, intense coins are created mining blocks the blockchain, using cryptonight the proof-of-work algorithm. however, unlike classic bitcoin-derived cryptocurrencies, intense can mined efficiently with processor (cpu) power alone rather than relying expensive video card (gpu) setups. the proof-of-work mechanism create intense coins emphasizes the egalitarian philosophy the product. the intense team chose emphasize accessibility the coin and product foregoing initial coin offering (ico) and instead allowing the community establish, maintain and determine the value the coin. given the absence up-front funding opportunity provided ico, the intense team created premine shared among core members and premine used for bounty rewards. intense accessible cryptocurrency that freely mineable anyone with computer, and will produce declining block rewards until the year -second block time employed promote minimal transaction times. the initial coin supply itns, with block rewards issued according the following formula: reward=(totalsupply-alreadygenerated)*-* after final block reward itns per minute reached that amount will continue indefinitely issued subsidy, yielding about annual inflation. the subsidy encourages continued network support and utilization. without final subsidy block reward, the incentive continue supporting the network minimal, and the absence incentive could have devastating consequences for the coin including lack miners and astronomical fees. vpn technical details: non-commercial intense coin will function decentralized marketplace with inbuilt features for peer-to-peer virtual private network connections. short, the intense wallet and daemon will used act client node server/exit node for vpn services. interested users the intense network can opt allow their connection act vpn for other intense users exchange for intense coins. should emphasized that decisions participate the intense network vpn exit-node client node are strictly voluntary. users offering their connection used others are termed exit nodes, due the fact that traffic from networked client nodes will exit through their end network. exit node users will specify rates intense coin that client nodes must pay order utilize the exit node connection. vice versa, users interested utilizing the peer-to-peer vpn clients will select network users meeting their criteria terms price/rate itns, location and speed. contrast with established major vpn providers, exit nodes will keep logs client node activities. the intense wallet already provides mechanism for peer-to-peer communication means blockchain transactions and mining. users' decisions purchase advertise vpn services will use the existing network backbone for advertisement and execution service agreements. parties interested acting exit nodes will broadcast information about the country-level location the exit node, the address the exit node, speed the node according ping, the cost the node itns per minute, bandwidth limitations (if any), and uptime. exit nodes will have options configure number clients, port and bandwidth limitations. parties interested establishing connections network exit nodes, client users, will create service agreement and initiate connection the selected exit node. implementation the openvpn protocol with per-user certificates will used secure connections between exit nodes and client users. openvpn well-recognized secure and reliable mechanism vpn connection due its use secure sockets layer (ssl), strong encryption and the signing messages with hmac digests []. furthermore, openvpn portable solution, readily supporting windows, mac and linux; the same three operating systems currently targeted the intense coin wallet and daemon. after connection between exit and client node successfully established, client nodes will initiate vpn transaction sending payment for the initial minute service. for every minute going forward that the vpn tunnel remains alive between the exit node and client user, the client node will remit per-minute payment. the connection expected payment fails between the client and server, the service agreement terminated; the client node will longer send itns, and the exit node will sever the connection. connections will also severed the client node exceeds the bandwidth limitation imposed the exit node. features host exit node and/or connect exit node will present both the graphical user interface and console versions the intense wallet and daemon, respectively. concerns exist related legal and technical capabilities exit nodes that nefarious client nodes could exploit. these include but are not related accessing forbidden material, such pornography, copyright infringement via torrenting and other file sharing services. effect, the intense exit nodes will feature options restrict outbound traffic over specific ports, such the default torrent client ports there may also specific domains addresses that exit nodes wish disallow access for legal security reasons. thus, exit nodes will also have configuration options disallow traffic based upon domain. restriction exit node connectivity will also feature limitation service type, for example only allowing http, https ftp requests. vpn technical details: commercial clear need exists for commercial, professional vpn providers possess mechanism compete standardized marketplace. therefore, the intense network will allow commercial vpn providers advertise their service offerings side-by-side with vpn exit nodes. commercial vpn providers will list the same items nodes; location, speed, cost, and bandwidth service limitations. with vpn connections, intense coin will still used transact between client nodes and commercial vpn providers, and payments will still occur per-minute basis. foster adoption commercial vpns and minimize barriers implementation, will offer vpn providers the option allow the intense client facilitate connections their network rather than requiring providers operate intense coin exit node vpn every server that they maintain. there are extreme security considerations that will prevent most commercial vpn operations from being interested operating third-party software their enormous networks. therefore, from networking and connectivity standpoint, all commercial vpn connectivity will simply facilitated and forwarded the end company. most commercial vpn providers also rely accommodate openvpn connections their network, this will allow simple integration with minimal technical challenges. distinct differentiation between end-user offered vpn connections and commercial vpn connections that the latter, most cases, will require identification users. generally speaking, commercial vpn providers abide know your customer (kyc) laws and regulations, and require that network users have established some degree identity with the provider. the intense software will recognize providers that require kyc documentation. the vpn marketplace will identify providers that require kyc information, and the event that connection kyc-mandating commercial entity requested user, the relevant information will sent the commercial vpn via api. the intense services network will never collect store any user data. data requested kyc-mandating vpn entities, such name, email and address, will stored locally the intense coin wallet end-users machines that wish use said services, and only transmitted kyc mandating entities upon request. for graphical representation the kyc flow and the general intense vpn concept, see figure below. figure intense coin wallet client and server flow challenges number challenges exist proposing decentralized peer-to-peer vpn. one the most pressing concerns the security end user data. while vpn data transmission encrypted from client node exit node, network requests must then proceed from the exit node the target endpoint. for example, client node makes non-secure http request, the data flow follows: encrypted the client node and sent the exit node, plain text the http server from the exit node, plain text from the http server the exit node, and finally being sent back the client node from the exit node encrypted form (see figure). figure vpn connections and potential insecurities counterparties operating exit nodes will have access non-secure data being transmitted from client nodes. even secured ssh and https connections could subject potential man-in-the-middle (mitm) attacks the exit node. the same regard, exit nodes could tamper with non-secured data transmission, for example injecting advertisements into http requests. these are the challenges posed creating trustless, decentralized system. maintain decentralized vpn and address security, two features targeting consensus-based will included the intense vpn. while decentralized solution exists reliably secure http transmissions, https transmission security can assured network consultation for certificate authority validity. exit nodes will submit request the network verify that the issuer certificate for domain matches the proper issuer and expiration according consensus. requests failing meet quorum will rejected protect client node data. address the lack security offered http requests, client and exit nodes will have options disallow http requests. further protect client node security, dns requests will resolved intense blockchain peers rather than directly proceeding from exit node. dns resolution will not proceed the client node level all; the full tunneled openvpn connection will direct all vpn requests the exit node. exit nodes will not directly perform dns queries. outgoing requests from the exit nodes will consult the intense network for dns resolution ip, and quorum will sought the querying exit node determine where client node requests should eventually proceed. outgoing traffic from the exit node (to the target endpoint) will then proceed direct basis based upon network consensus determined dns query. this assures that data from exit nodes proceeding its true designated endpoint irrespective faulty incorrect local dns settings. further, prevents exit node traffic from being monitored easily, ultimately providing more security for the end user. dns query results will cached minimize the performance penalty decentralized dns resolution. while onion-style routing could utilized further increase the security and anonymity client node transmissions, there are significant downsides this disseminated form data exchange. the most significant disadvantage speed and bandwidth limitations. increasing numbers mainstream and popular websites deliver rich media content with little attention paid bandwidth usage, especially the context social media platforms which emphasize photo and video content. due the fact that data proceeds through many clients onion networking, bandwidth intensive operations suffer dramatic latency effects. thus, onion-style routing would significantly restrict the browsing abilities the average internet user. furthermore, onion routing would not allow definitive routing for users seeking use strategically geographically located exit nodes access geo-restricted content. while the intense team not opposed adding optional chaining exit nodes late development cycle feature, not initial priority feature for the reasons discussed. operating vpn exit node carries inherent risks. beyond the simple fact accepting connections from potentially rogue remote computers, major risk exists data transmission. many countries and localities place restriction internet freedoms, limiting access restricting access certain kinds material such weapons, pornography, etc. users choosing operate exit nodes will required understand their local laws, any sort traffic could potentially flow through the exit node. the intense software will include explicit warnings for vpn exit node operators about these risks. the planned transaction scheme for intense, where client nodes pay exit nodes per minute use, poses issue considering the non-refundable nature blockchain transactions. possible that exit node could collect payment for minute service but fail fulfill the duty, either intentionally unintentionally. small scale, the loss itns would only single minute worth for client node. the other hand, exit node was habitually prematurely terminating connections before fulfilling the expected minute vpn service, significant sum itns could wrongfully received. one solution earmark funds exit node wallets that were tied service provision. the event that vpn service was not delivered successfully, itns would then sent back the receiver. issue with this approach that without protocol-level regulation, such check could easily sidestepped open source software. due the ring signature nature intense, transactions cannot easily traced from sender receiver, thus becomes impossible monitor and enforce agreements network context. more pragmatic solution the issue wrongful remittance establishing rating system whereby client nodes are able rate exit nodes following completion vpn service. the rating system would require checks and balances prevent manipulation and fraudulent activity. rating system planned for implementation the intense vpn mechanics following the initial proof-of-concept release. use cases there are several potential use cases for vpns: geographically restricted content: content providers such youtube, netflix, hulu and many others restrict content specific geographic locations due advertising licensing constraints. strategically located vpn could circumvent such restrictions. corporate and/or government firewalls: the internet heavily restricted certain settings. the great firewall china blocks most popular western social media and news outlets. due the encrypted nature vpn traffic, possible circumnavigate such restrictions. furthermore, while most anti-vpn technologies filter blacklist certain ranges addresses known belong popular vpn hosts, such approach would ineffective with intense hosted vpns the decentralized network follows specific address pattern. data restrictions and limitations: 'net neutrality' approaches extinction, more important than ever secure and anonymize usage habits. internet service providers have been compiling data users' activities and habits, and will charge more money for access certain activities resources []. encryption incoming and outgoing data via vpns negates their abilities analyze and restrict access. encryption data: whether protect network traffic data from malicious hacker 'big brother', vpns are one solution anonymizing internet usage. without encryption, any non-secure (non-https) traffic transmitted plaintext, easily readable third-party. roadmap success backed solid foundational plan satisfy clearly signaled need the blockchain and security markets, intense will successful due high priorities access, portability and marketing. terms access and portability, the vast majority computer users will able access and utilize the intense vpn, the software cross-platform with current releases for windows, linux and mac. the roadmap also includes plans release mobile devices blockchain based technologies notoriously seldom pay attention strategic marketing. intense has emphasized rigorous marketing since its inception and will continue throughout the lifecycle the development, implementation, and dissemination the product. accordingly, the intense team includes expert digital marketer with over decade experience and relevant knowledge developing, promoting and preserving brands and brand identity. detailed product roadmap follows. figure intense roadmap through changelog revision iii december two distinct modes operation exit nodes established (pp vpn and commercial vpn). roadmap updated. revision november revision challenges section remove the need for centralized server via network consensus driven dns resolution and verification. add configuration setting for limitation number clients for vpn exit nodes. revision october initial draft. references allied market research. ssl vpn market [internet]. aug [cited oct available from: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/ssl-vpn-market p&s market research. mobile vpn market size, industry analysis and forecast jan [cited oct available from: https://www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/mobile-virtual-private-network-products-market saberhagen nv. cryptonote oct [cited oct available from: https://cryptonote.org/whitepaper.pdf bohannon why criminals can't hide behind bitcoin. mar [cited oct available from: http://www.sciencemag.org/news///why-criminals-cant-hide-behind-bitcoin crist ef, keijser jj. mastering openvpn. birmingham, uk: packt publishing; save the internet. net neutrality: what you need know now. [cited oct available from: https://www.savetheinternet.com/net-neutrality-what-you-need-know-now