nterc rone the future money edjowa holding dun karm street mt- birkirkara office@edjowa-holding.com www.edjowa-holding.com whitepaper www.intercrone.com the future money index introduction what intercrone? current weaknesses the crypto market. intercrone the answer! proof stake keep simple intercrone technical data milestones review use funds vision and future goals acceptance points sales force fair casino through intercrone games overview videos and learning library epilogue introduction the purpose this documentation describe the features, concepts and goals the intercrone crypto currency and give people clear insight into the world intercrone and edjowa. this document presents comprehensive technical details about the function the intercrone. current weaknesses the crypto market are explained and how intend counteract them. later, present our successes, projects planning and what the investor funds are used for. what intercrone? nterc rone the future money intercrone proof stake consensus algorithm, pos-based crypto currency, which more sustainable and user-friendly for the coin holder the long-term and more environmentally friendly than the proof work consensus. for the first time, intercrone was published with the ico (initial coin offering) january and sold with limited number million coins the first days. what makes intercrone special the fact fast transactions. the block time seconds and only transaction acknowledgments are needed. changing the wallet address for each transaction will not publish the entire balance. only the transactions between the users are recorded and stored the blockchain. another advantage intercrone its flexibility adapting the crypto market. it's working interface that allows any intercrone owner pay anywhere that accepts some form cryptocurrency. because this does not yet meet our high requirements, cooperation with credit card provider planned for intercrone our answer the current and upcoming problems the crypto market. intercrone where the future today. current weaknesses the crypto market bitcoin and other currencies, including their use case, are becoming increasingly popular this time. seems like new gold fever has been kindled. due our digital networking, would even say that the whole world has struck oil. unfortunately, the knowledge not distributed evenly the population. multi-level marketing (mlm): one expert after another, steps out the shadows and lets his way paved youtube and social media. sales tool mostly mlm (multi-level marketing) favoured. however, the main reason for the salespeople and the heads companies usually fast money and the ignorant customer usually falls the wayside. monopolies: the moment see always expanding ever-growing monopoly. especially the mining sector almost impossible for the individual mine coin before being snatched away the "mining factories". either you join the big ones paying fees you have look for alternatives. sustainability: another problem mining the high power demand and the steadily increasing difficulty the mined crypto currencies. the hardware, mostly graphic cards longer cost effective, will sold loss price. but nobody wants spend good money product that has run the absolute maximum around the clock. from resource conservation and environmental impact perspective, mining simply not sustainable enough, not when there are better alternatives, such staking. too slow: due low demand, transactions the past only took few minutes. these have now become hours days due the sometimes very slow transaction speeds until the coin fully confirmed. this shows how inappropriate crypto currency can replace fiat currency. furthermore, are shown the forks (splits) different coins, how much confusion caused which has very negative impact inexperienced crypto users. especially the many forks bitcoin late and early brought confusion the whole crypto market. anonymity: example such confusion that most individuals believe bitcoin transactions are completely anonymous. nothing could further from the truth because with enough computing power and effort, every transaction the digital cash book can recorded and assigned. completely anonymous with bitcoin requires lot knowledge that again only very few people have. acceptance points: finally, should highlighted that the crypto currencies with the purpose serving means payment try far too little seek and establish acceptance points. most the time, it's the acceptance points that accept crypto currencies because their belief better future. can only improve the world all our part! for many cryptocurrencies, despite good internet presence, the question is: ,,what behind it?" often there not much behind except for nicely worded vision and imaginary project team spread all over the globe. the benefit often limited one technology for small number people. and that's exactly what intercrone picks on. behind intercrone stands the edjowa group companies, which based cornerstones. intercrone the answer have decided not use any type multi-level marketing (mlm) for the development intercrone. one can now bring forward the argument that have expect delayed growth the short-term and course, have anticipated this possibility. however, healthy growth beats most the mlm structures the market the medium- and long-term, only few these distributors can compete longer period. then there the other side the coin that the reputation mlm distributors has taken hit the crypto sector, especially because fraud and the ico's purpose attract funds for the money's sake. even for reputable mlm companies, almost impossible control the activities and statements new and inexperienced employees the lowest level. this can lead significant problems larger errors occur. precisely because were allowed gain such experience firsthand the field mlm, did decided against this system. the trust our investors our top priority. firmly believe that sustainability transparency and trust will serve better the long run than repairing damaged reputation. gaming ock austria nterc germany the formation monopolies currently the case with bitcoin can solved staking alone. staking distributes intercrone evenly the owners all the criteria for successful staking are provided. with this feature, anyone who owns wallet and intercrone, like the big ones the market, can get involved. somebody having hard time with the technology, for small fee offer wallet (digital wallet) where everyone can keep their intercrone stake them. the exact function the general stakings and our virtual staking will explained detail later. terms sustainability, staking also referred green mining. all you need simple commercial computer with stable internet connection. compared traditional mining, staking much more profitable, you include hardware and power costs. too slow transactions are only present the nightmares our investors. not have halving, know from the pow (proof work) currencies, but controlled reduction the amount produced. short, this means that the intercrone always stays fast and the more you invest it, the more stable and secure the network becomes. however, order regulate the intercrone the long-run and counteract inflation, the staking yield reduced each year. the current return our way thanking our investors for the trust they have placed and also helping the common citizen improve and bring the world together piece piece. important innovation for our prospects the complete anonymity transactions. planed that the intercrone will have the possibility change the address the wallet with each transfer. currently you have main address and you can generate many side addresses you desire. short, anonymity without headaches. our solution the lack acceptance quite simple. in-office sales representatives ensure constant build-up partner companies. intercrone can offer tailor-made concept all dealers that both customer and dealer can benefit. also rome was not built one day, also cannot serve with complete network acceptance points overnight. the medium run, work credit card solution, which set via partner company. credit cards with cryptocurrencies have become increasingly established recent years the current market and are indirectly already widespread. intercrone -the future money, crypto currencies and payment systems! proof stake made easy still mining are you already staking? proof stake guaranteed percentage yield your coins! proof stake method authorize transactions the blockchain network, that is, establish consensus. because the proof work, such with bitcoin, very costly, newer crypto currencies rely more innovative methods. with the proof stake algorithm, complicated computational tasks have solved. staking means that all people who own intercrone show their wallet and unlock it. larger the amount is, the higher are the percentage reward intercrone. each owner intercrone contributes the validation the transactions the blockchain and the security the network proving their own coins. the amount that investor keeps his wallet can also validate the same amount transactions. for example, he/she owns intercrone then all transactions can validated (checked and confirmed). return, the investor receives certain amount for staking intercrone. this starts for intercrone and reduced per annum until maximum million coins are harvested. the reduction per annum serves for the systematic stabilization the coin. this makes the intercrone more predictable for the markets the long run and thus secures the trust acceptance points. technical data intercrone proof stake cryptocurrency which more sustainable the longrun, more user-friendly for the coinholder and more environmentally friendly than proof work. staking: participate network security and rewards, you must install intercrone wallet (electronic wallet) your server which has connected the internet participate the intercrone network. each wallet connected the intercrone network around the world. people worldwide will download wallet and connect the network, which makes decentralized and free middlemen. each user strengthens the power behind the network, there central authority. security: the connection the wallet and the entire network works automatically. your wallet checks for unofficial malicious transactions its own, which are detected and will rolled back, need be. for maximum security, recommend downloading the wallets from official sources only. wallet encryption: you should encrypt your wallet that fashion, that case someone else intends access your computer (either physical via internet access) he/she should not able use spend your intercrone. addition, require ten-word passphrase, which you need enter order send transaction. virtual staking: intercrone also offers you virtual staking platform. for this, intercrone offers server which you can stake your coins. for virtual staking the coins are locked for certain time. intercrone guarantees monthly profit the current reward minus management fee. you will receive this reward monthly your main wallet. for example: the first year the month option, you get the frozen coins. that's the revenue you can get from your desktop wallet. pos consensus algorithm used for mining. the block time seconds and transactions are required. for successful staking, acknowledgments are required. the stake times are least hours maximum one year. the staking rewards will newly generated coins that are expected minted the year block reward staking reward transaction fee the reward reduced each year. the intercrone network uses rpcport and the port. milestones nterc rone the future money initial coin offering (ico) implementation the blockchain raffle the opel insignia office opening austria ansfelden office opening germany berlin delivery wallets for windows and mac and first intercrone contest ipo least three crypto exchanges quartal start the online casino opening offices vienna, frankfurt and nurnberg quartal office opening switzerland quartal cooperation with one credit card company for intercrone credit card review ico, ipo and first opportunity win the initial coin offering (ico) for the intercrone began january and ended february during this period, million coins were acquired, the price which increased every million coins. the first buyers bought the intercrone between and cents. the purchase intercrone was via bitcoin ethereum. during the ico, the number intercrone that can purchased per person was limited ethereum. substantiate the aspect gambling and link the intercrone possible use right from the start, shoppers were given raffleticket during the ico which justified their participation the lottery. april all raffle owners had the chance win opel insignia. the car was handed over april the office opening ansfelden. use funds vision and goals for the future trust our top priority. therefore, important for transparent possible. the saying goes, ,,trust good, control better!" with this adage, want give our investors and new prospects small overview the sums invested, which have received through our ico. million intercrone were sold with average price cents (eur) which reflects capital about million euros. this amount may seem high first glance, but have chosen prestigious partnerships various fields. proverb says: "who buys cheap, buys twice!" hardware and office equipment austria germany unlike other crypto currencies, intercrone not the center our attention but rather part circle which our customers and their safety stands.. eur .,- employees and advanced technology until the stock market launch eur .,- own blockchain and platform programming such e.g. intercrone www.intercrone.com gaming www.edjowa-gaming.com exchange www.edjowa-exchange.com marketing aut www.edjowa-marketing.at eur .,- company formation, licenses, contracts eur .,- total intercrone not just part itself, but part long chain. like the blockchain network, intercrone part large whole. with intercrone, the foundation laid for the establishment cryptocurrencies for everyday life. ron djowa exc hang customer djowa ducat ion eur ..,- reserve: .,-- intercrone for better transparency! djowa mar djowa gam acceptance points field service keep simple our solution the lack crypto currency acceptance quite simple. edjowa marketing will hire employees the field, whose main task will engage new acceptance points for intercrone. edjowa can offer all dealers tailor-made concept such way that both customers and dealers can benefit. the vision open additional offices around the world from which can train and deploy more field staff. course, our offices also serve support, which course has grow with growing community. above all, are aware that each country has its own culture and customs. everyone can, course, best with their peers. order show that intercrone there for everyone, qualified local staff are recruited for our branch offices and further trained through constant lectures and seminars. intercrone creating jobs fair casino through intercrone build and they will come! let them enjoy and they will stay! build trust and they will return! that's the key any casino business building trust and entertainment, and that's what do. bitcoin casinos are becoming more popular from day day and are enjoying ever-increasing numbers players around the world, that's why edjowa-gaming plans use the innovative blockchain intercrone pay attention not only great entertainment but also the safety the player. really random result the most entertaining way. the key winning the player's trust the event creating trustworthy ,,coincidence" the game that you can really prove. traditional casinos provide this trust over the physical equipment and trained croupiers, online casinos turn through established branding and the marketing prominent personalities. our offer will cover and even surpass all the wishes the players. really random result the most trusting way. ensure this creating page that cannot manipulated. with distributed autonomous technology, the casino has influence the random principle and thus can prove that this cannot influenced. fortuna our side! with always motivated and growing team, new technology watch and one the biggest gaming offerings are perfectly positioned win significant share this market for us. overview the games card games: blackjack, baccarat, all types poker such texas holdem, omaha holdem, tournament poker, cash game tables with various limits, just name few. roulette tables: american roulette, german roulette, speed roulette, london roulette, double ball roulette list just few some varieties also offer live tables. the live tables are divided into groups and single live tables, where you can speak directly the dealers. gaming slots: over different slot machines bets: live bets all sports and also virtual sports page. licensing: gaming license requested through curacao for all casinos. this license fully accepted the gaming and payment system providers. all our gaming providers are certified the requirements the gambling act their respective jurisdictions. intercrone the future gaming edjowa education important that all those who are going with the way the edjowa holding and course intercrone are the same level knowledge are. only investor who knows and deals with the matter can sure where he/she invests, because someone who has idea, has opinion must content with the opinion others. for this reason, would like produce videos and newsletters the topic crypto currencies order provide our investors with well-developed knowledge. are you uncertain? not worry, soon you will expert! intercrone-the future education epilogue finally, would like encourage anyone interested contact with any questions. will give you answer soon possible. find telegram: german-speaking group: https://t.me/intercrone international group: https://t.me/intercrone_international intercrone facebook https://www.facebook.com/intercrone/ for all those who still not believe us, not worry, soon "faith" will longer necessary, because the facts will speak for us. take the chance and part right from the beginning and benefit from the price gains and staking profits the intercrone! www.intercrone.com www.edjowa-holding.com www.edjowa-marketing.at nte the future now! impress herausgeber: edjowa holding, dun karm street mt- birkirkara, office@edjowa-holding.com, www.edjowa-holding.com alle angaben ohne gewahr mit stand: bildnachweise: (c) unsplash.com. satz- und druckfehler vorbehalten.