intelligent trading technologies (itt) state-of-the-art data science tools and artificial intelligence networks providing actionable real-time trading signals for success the cryptocurrency markets. whitepaper -august- edited -september- website: intelligenttrading.org/ token sale site: intelligenttrading.org/token-sale/ telegram bot: (currently private beta) twitter: twitter.com/itt_token slack (join): itt-token-slack.herokuapp.com/ slack (team): https://itt-token.slack.com github: github.com/intelligenttrading reddit: reddit.com/r/itt_token email: info@intelligenttrading.org table contents important notice executive summary background, problem overview cryptocurrency markets artificial intelligence artificial intelligence cryptocurrency markets mission statement platform itt bot mock alert description details the alert additional sections testing technology architecture roadmap phase initial development phase phase token mechanism itt token sale leadership (team) legal considerations kyc policy acknowledgements important notice please read this section and the following sections entitled "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "representations and warranties you", "cautionary note forward-looking statements", "market and industry information and consent other persons", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer securities registration" and "risks and uncertainties" carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s). the itt tokens are not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice sell, any solicitation any offer the distributor/vendor the itt tokens (the "distributor") purchase any itt tokens nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. the distributor will affiliate intelligent trading technologies ("intelligent trading technologies"), and will deploy all proceeds sale the itt tokens fund intelligent trading technologies cryptocurrency project, businesses and operations. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the sale and purchase the itt tokens and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. any agreement between the distributor and you purchaser, and relation any sale and purchase, itt tokens (as referred this whitepaper) governed only separate document setting out the terms and conditions (the "t&cs") such agreement. the event any inconsistencies between the t&cs and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. you are not eligible and you are not purchase any itt tokens the intelligent trading technologies initial token sale (as referred this whitepaper) you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder the united states america citizen resident the peoples republic china. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. there are risks and uncertainties associated with intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the itt tokens, the intelligent trading technologies initial token sale and the intelligent trading technologies wallet (each referred this whitepaper). this whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination this whitepaper prohibited restricted. part this whitepaper reproduced, distributed disseminated without including this section and the following sections entitled "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "representations and warranties you", "cautionary note forward-looking statements", "market and industry information and consent other persons", "terms used", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer securities registration" and "risks and uncertainties". disclaimer liability the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you. representations and warranties intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. representations and warranties you accessing and/or accepting possession any information this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor follows: you agree and acknowledge that the itt tokens not constitute securities any form any jurisdiction; you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any jurisdiction solicitation for investment securities and you are not bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form itt accepted the basis this whitepaper; you agree and acknowledge that regulatory authority has examined approved the information set out this whitepaper, action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with; you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion the intelligent trading technologies initial token sale, future trading the itt tokens any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not construed, interpreted deemed you indication the merits the intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor, the itt tokens, the intelligent trading technologies initial token sale and the intelligent trading technologies wallet (each referred this whitepaper); the distribution dissemination this whitepaper, any part thereof any copy thereof, acceptance the same you, not prohibited restricted the applicable laws, regulations rules your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions relation possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions your own expense and without liability intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor; you agree and acknowledge that the case where you wish purchase any itt tokens, the itt tokens are not construed, interpreted, classified treated as: any kind currency other than cryptocurrency; debentures, stocks shares issued any person entity (whether intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor) rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares; rights under contract for differences under any other contract the purpose pretended purpose which secure profit avoid loss; units collective investment scheme; units business trust; derivatives units business trust; any other security class securities; investment contract. you are fully aware and understand that you are not eligible purchase any itt tokens you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder the united states america citizen resident the peoples republic china; you have basic degree understanding the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology; you are fully aware and understand that the case where you wish purchase any itt tokens, there are risks associated with intelligent trading technologies and the distributor and their respective business and operations, the itt tokens, the intelligent trading technologies initial token sale. you agree and acknowledge that neither intelligent trading technologies nor the distributor liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you; and all the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and non-misleading from the time your access and/or acceptance possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be). cautionary note forward-looking statements all statements contained this whitepaper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor their respective directors, executive officers employees acting behalf intelligent trading technologies the distributor (as the case may be), that are not statements historical fact, constitute "forward-looking statements". some these statements can identified forward-looking terms such "aim", "target", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "project", "should", "would", "will" other similar terms. however, these terms are not the exclusive means identifying forward-looking statements. all statements regarding intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor's financial position, business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects the industry which intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor are forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements, including but not limited statements intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor's revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed this whitepaper regarding intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor are matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor materially different from any future results, performance achievements expected, expressed implied such forward-looking statements. these factors include, amongst others: changes political, social, economic and stock cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment the countries which intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor conducts its respective businesses and operations; the risk that intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor may unable execute implement their respective business strategies and future plans; changes interest rates and exchange rates fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; changes the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor; changes the availability and fees billable intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor connection with their respective businesses and operations; changes the availability and salaries employees who are required intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor operate their respective businesses and operations; changes preferences customers intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor; changes competitive conditions under which intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor operate, and the ability intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor compete under such conditions; changes the future capital needs intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor and the availability financing and capital fund such needs; war acts international domestic terrorism; occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor; other factors beyond the control intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor; and any risk and uncertainties associated with intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor and their businesses and operations, the itt tokens. all forward-looking statements made attributable intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor persons acting behalf intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor are expressly qualified their entirety such factors. given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor materially different from that expected, expressed implied the forward-looking statements this whitepaper, undue reliance must not placed these statements. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the date this whitepaper. neither intelligent trading technologies, the distributor nor any other person represents, warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance achievements intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor will discussed those forward-looking statements. the actual results, performance achievements intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor may differ materially from those anticipated these forward-looking statements. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance policies intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor. further, intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor disclaim any responsibility update any those forward-looking statements publicly announce any revisions those forward-looking statements reflect future developments, events circumstances, even new information becomes available other events occur the future. market and industry information and consent other persons this whitepaper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, well market research, publicly available information and industry publications. such surveys, reports, studies, market research, publicly available information and publications generally state that the information that they contain has been obtained from sources believed reliable, but there can assurance the accuracy completeness such included information. save for intelligent trading technologies, the distributor and their respective directors, executive officers and employees, person has provided his her consent the inclusion his her name and/or other information attributed perceived attributed such person connection therewith this whitepaper and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information such person and such persons shall not obliged provide any updates the same. while intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor have taken reasonable actions ensure that the information extracted accurately and its proper context, intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor have not conducted any independent review the information extracted from third party sources, verified the accuracy completeness such information ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. consequently, neither intelligent trading technologies, the distributor, nor their respective directors, executive officers and employees acting their behalf makes any representation warranty the accuracy completeness such information and shall not obliged provide any updates the same. terms used facilitate better understanding the itt tokens being offered for purchase the distributor, and the businesses and operations intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor, certain technical terms and abbreviations, well as, certain instances, their descriptions, have been used this whitepaper. these descriptions and assigned meanings should not treated being definitive their meanings and may not correspond standard industry meanings usage. words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa. references persons shall include corporations. advice information this whitepaper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding intelligent trading technologies, the distributor, the itt tokens, the intelligent trading technologies initial token sale. you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser regarding intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the itt tokens, the intelligent trading technologies initial token sale. you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any purchase itt tokens for indefinite period time. further information update person has been authorised give any information representation not contained this whitepaper connection with intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the itt tokens, the intelligent trading technologies initial token sale and the intelligent trading technologies wallet (each referred the whitepaper) and, given, such information representation must not relied upon having been authorised behalf intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor. the intelligent trading technologies initial token sale (as referred the whitepaper) shall not, under any circumstances, constitute continuing representation create any suggestion implication that there has been change, development reasonably likely involve material change the affairs, conditions and prospects intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor any statement fact information contained this whitepaper since the date hereof. restrictions distribution and dissemination the distribution dissemination this whitepaper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws, regulatory requirements and rules any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable your possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without liability intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor. persons whom copy this whitepaper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have the whitepaper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute this whitepaper any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. offer securities registration this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form intelligent trading technologies accepted the basis this whitepaper. any agreement relation any sale and purchase itt tokens (as referred this whitepaper) governed only the t&cs such agreement and other document. the event any inconsistencies between the t&cs and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. you are not eligible purchase any itt tokens the intelligent trading technologies initial token sale (as referred this whitepaper) you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder the united states america citizen resident the peoples republic china. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. risks and uncertainties prospective purchasers itt tokens (as referred this whitepaper) should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with intelligent trading technologies, the distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the itt tokens, the intelligent trading technologies initial token sale, all information set out this whitepaper and the t&cs prior any purchase itt tokens. any such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results operations and prospects intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor could materially and adversely affected. such cases, you may lose all part the value the itt tokens. executive summary cryptocurrency markets have increased popularity recent years. what started with bitcoin, decentralized payment system circumvent government manipulation currencies and redefining "money" know it, has evolved and has recently gained critical mass with investors, traders, entrepreneurs and consumers. from total cryptocurrency market capitalization less than ~$b today (-aug-), cryptocurrencies continue gain value and distribution. although the recent increase the cryptocurrencies' market cap and presence rather unprecedented, many believe that that this trend will not only continue, but will increase. with the near-constant inflow newly available cryptocurrencies, traders are spending more time than ever trying find suitable investment opportunities among the sea choices. numerous tools have risen already help traders their quest for profit. trading bots, and alerts are already around, but these are constantly leaving traders wishing for more. the availability cryptocurrencies new and transformative phenomenon, and relevant data sources are scarce and fragmented. nevertheless, without question that blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies will play more important role our lives going forward. blockchain technology complete game-changer, and investing these disruptive technologies the very early stages should undoubtedly extremely profitable. the real question which the cryptocurrencies will dominate this space the coming future. investors this space (both new and experienced) need tool discern the good from the bad investments, and efficient method make this selection process easy possible. our mission increase adoption and awareness cryptocurrencies. using the hyperbolic technology and artificial intelligence (ai) identify market signals and patterns that cannot programmed humans, are building the tool that will undoubtedly help you become more knowledgeable and successful trader. background, problem overview cryptocurrency markets cryptocurrency markets continue increase awareness and popularity. the prices more popular virtual currencies, such bitcoin and ethereum, have soared record highs amid increased investor interest. this increase investor interest has led the emergence many other available options. with just few lines code, nearly anyone can issue their own new cryptocurrencies and offer the world. these other options include numerous "alt-coins" and "app tokens", which have arisen tackle many different opportunities for which the blockchain provides next-gen solutions. these currencies, developed the blockchain, offer built-in transparency but understanding coding required comprehend the technologies and whether they are truly capable the disruption they claim. this increase the number available cryptocurrencies has allowed for unprecedented opportunity for traders, but also makes makes trader's job increasingly more complex identify exceptional investment vehicles. cryptocurrency market participants are overwhelmed very large and growing amount data that needs digested and understood successful. young, volatile, borderless, and available these markets are extremely far from efficient. this means that there are significant excess returns had, alpha especially when compared with traditional markets. cryptocurrency markets are still their infancy and have yet see significant influx institutional interest. the cryptocurrency market has evolved during the age the internet, information itself quite easy come but good unbiased information very difficult identify from the massive amount available information. there are multiple instances misinformation, disinformation and widespread "pump dump" schemes. with all this conflicting available information, what the truth and what distraction? traders can properly analyze and absorb only the useful information, there are myriad ways generate superior returns and profit. artificial intelligence artificial intelligence, specifically neural networks used machine learning, are designed software that emulates the activity the human brain and how processes information. these neural network models are particularly useful for predicting future events when trained historical data. the use these technologies has improved data science and data analyses and has recently become impressively effective for certain tasks when compared traditional algorithms based hard coded rules and pure statistical analysis. machine intelligence evolving field, represents the largest opportunity for staying ahead any market where competition makes innovation necessary. artificial intelligence has been around for while, and investments artificial intelligence-based startups not new thing. since the number deals and dollars contributed artificial intelligence startups has been the rise, and was record year for startups globally. the chart below displays the increasing funding rounds startups over the last years. source: insights current popular utilization technology the simple substitution routine human tasks. this the simplest application because fast and accurate, without fatigue. for example, estimation stock price impact news announcements comparing precedential cases, reading financial results analyst reports find hidden causality between many companies' results, text mining twitter find correlation between stock price and some words, etc. artificial intelligence has been used for over years traditional financial market trading, generate additional returns for many hedge funds and banks. this trend expected continue. for investment and trading decisions, financial services have recently been adopting tools. capable processing and comprehending data faster than any human, the potential for both high-frequency trading and longer-term predictions based intelligent intuitions leads substantially greater captured profits. artificial intelligence cryptocurrency markets currently, cryptocurrency traders spend countless hours chat groups, forums, social media and scanning new sites for information all while trying simultaneously comprehend complicated technical analysis and execute trades the precisely right time. tool were exist help traders analyze all this available information and allow them easily profit from it, would incredibly useful. this done pairing traditional market (stocks, fiat currencies, bonds, derivatives) trading concepts with today's cutting-edge pattern recognition and machine learning capabilities. these technologies allow the software scan, analyze, and interpret the massive amount information available. with this information, this intelligent tool would then identify entry points and notify the trader about these price movements before they happen. this would allow traders profit from these moves when they happen, not get alert after the profits have been made. fortunately, intelligent trading technologies (itt) building this ultimate companion for the all traders. let itt's platform the heavy lifting and analyze all the relevant input data for cryptocurrencies and deliver game-changing trading ideas you execute. itt trading bots can customized cater your preferences for time day, trading volumes, risk level, hold timings, among others. itt will monitor all the relevant information, your behalf. itt's platform will automatically author strategy, and give you the commands execute. itt will then send you actionable trading alerts during the day and time for you make the final call whether trade. our intelligent bot (tier scheduled released will capable self-programming and reprogramming match changes the market, adjusting indicator weights, and continuous optimization agent motivated solely maximizing the traders hourly return rate. mission statement the goal intelligent trading technologies empower traders with consolidated cryptocurrency market predictors served our fleet ai-powered data bots orchestrated produce intelligent insights from vast world real-time data. thousands alt-coins price movements across multiple exchanges just the initial torrent data users must ingest effectively trade cryptocurrencies. the most experienced traders rely host services help them derive insights from the slew market indicators popping every second. want empower every beginner trader with consolidated insights when buy, sell, hold their diverse portfolio coins. intelligent insights mean using deep learning and statistical analysis communicate "why" behind each market predictor. state-of-the-art data science tools and neural networks should employed provide actionable real-time trading signals for success the cryptocurrency markets. these disruptive technologies are constantly and consistently changing our lives. it's time leverage these technologies into cryptocurrencies. the itt team will use the token sale funds further our current model, rolling out new and exclusive bots only available via the itt platform with subscriptions payments accepting itt tokens. platform "computers are useless. they can only give you answers." pablo picasso believe that the most important single thing, beyond discipline and creativity, daring dare." maya angelou determining good investment any market, there are two primary methods used try predict asset's future price: fundamental analysis (fa) typically for longer-term trading, involves determining asset's true value based its intrinsic properties well the state the market. technical analysis (ta) technical analysis involves reading indicators and chart patterns determine price trends, normally not concerned with the company's fundamentals. technical analysis typically used for day/swing trading (i.e. short-to-medium term trading) and looks past price action determine future values. looking simply not enough, however. there are many day traders out there trying profit from this. fortunately, trading using works really well cryptocurrency markets, and ultimately the goal provide you with quality data make educated choices. however, when trading based ta, fairly common receive mixed indicators (one bullish, one bearish). the added value from smart platform powered intelligently scan for even more indicators signals from multiple data sources support one direction the other. constantly learning and adapting changing market conditions. itt's platform learns from historical time series price and volume. itt's data bots are constantly scanning and learning from the vast array data available the internet. therefore the model expected effective the market environment consistent with the near past. this something that the machine learning helps with because times mere humans may perceive the cryptocurrency market unpredictable when fact clear patterns emerge when reading between the lines. even nascent, volatile, and not yet efficient market such the cryptocurrency markets, technical analysis can accurately predict price action based historical data. the shortfall comes with that this cannot predict human's motivations and actions. whale decides move market, given the lack regulations and potential for market manipulation, the best quantitative model the world won't able predict the price swings. obviously, the model does not foresee any idiosyncratic event such natural disaster, referendum, political change which are very difficult for humans too. who could've predicted the gdax, one the largest and most active cryptocurrency exchanges out there, and the flash crash june where eth prices dropped from instant. when deciding what indicators use itt's platform, did thorough analysis what currently exists, and made wish-list indicators that would included the platform. from nearly year meticulous backtesting and tweaking our indicators, have come with useful lot. the exact triggers for these indicators proprietary, but the source code for tier pricing indicators available github. itt bot mock the above screenshot from the current tier itt platform. the data pulled live from multiple exchanges. each alert will concise summary either "bullish" "bearish" and has link full details the report. alert description the alerts are easy understand. current tier alerts are showing the following: trading pair the cryptocurrency pair for which the alert triggered. this example, eth/usdt (ethereum/usd tether). overall rating this gives you quick sign what our algorithms are predicting with the asset. the two options are: bullish bearish the strength this signal will rated stars (strongest signal) this weighted summary the summation all the indicators. these weightings continue optimized for excess returns. this rating link full report detailing the alerts that were triggered. time horizon each alert comes with expected time horizon for the alert. these horizons are defined number trading periods minute intervals). short (minutes) medium (hours) long (days) short time horizon represents periods. exchange this shows the exchange which the trading alert was triggered, this example: bittrex. the exchange name, bittrex, actually link that will take you see the indicated trading pair. price summary current price the trading pair along with change the past hours. volume summary current buy/sell volume along with the increase from the average buy/sell volume over the past hours. details the alert clicking the alert link, users will taken summary what triggered the trading alerts. this summary broken out into: technicals price volume development the bot, have incorporated many different technical indicators for testing. currently, the only the most relevant and consistent indicators are being used. how indicators work all about how they are used trading plan. moving averages, macd, rsi, cci their job terms calculations. the real added value how itt's technology interprets the information and learns from part overall trading strategy. there absolutely "holy grail" single indicator signal. proper use standard indicators with meticulous backward and forward testing, paired with having the use these indicators evolve the market evolves optimize the trading strategy for maximum trade returns. this section will start with overall rating for the section, based weighted-average the indicators included this section. price percentage change price during recent periods. sma ema for multiple periods rsi periods stoch stochrsi stoch rsi fast slow values from multiple period data the moving average slope these values over previous periods moving average convergence divergence (macd). the sign and value macd commodity channel index (cci) cci calculation periods) versus price action average true range (atr) periods volume eliminate short term fluctuations volume minimize false signals, use proprietary model for volume calculated using weighted mix of: balance volume (obv) determining: whale/rich list ownership hour change whale/rich list ownership klinger oscillator the total buy volume the past periods versus the average buy volume the past hours. the percentage change buy volume for the past periods versus the average buy volume the past hours. the slope buy volume for the past periods. total buy sell orders, mid price and spread the order book buy order/sell order ratio for entire order book candles trendlines support resistance mix marubozu doji formations indicators sentiment sentiment indicators are where the artificial intelligence features really shine. tier subscription will include these features, current (beta-testing) indicators include: social itt's platform bots scan the following sites: bitcointalk forums twitter reddit youtube focusing the following: positive/negative mentions proprietary bullish/bearish indicators news itt's platform bots scan the following sites: google news popular cryptocurrency news sites such as: coin telegraph coin desk focusing the following: positive/negative mentions proprietary bullish/bearish indicators google trends itt's platform scans google trends for key search queries. additional sections testing continue test additional features the itt platform. currently investigating more fundamental analysis aspects looking correlations of: longevity target asset's project. correlation returns and target asset's core team's number developers. number followers cryptocurrency's twitter and reddit accounts. for proof work coins: track percentage increases nodes technology architecture tokens: erc- token, finite supply ,,. contracts: service subscription contract blockchain: ethereum network scalability: uptime containerized google cloud platform performance: sla target for data-point user push notification decentralized and redundant: ethereum network secure and foolproof: user session anonymous and user data touched tier subscriptions. tier hosted internally private servers switzerland. service data flowchart: roadmap "collaboration allows teachers capture each other's fund collective intelligence." --mike schmoker phase initial development concept realization trading assistant for cryptocurrency markets. development advanced trading assistant (on telegram) begins side project. initial telegram bot included trading alerts based predefined price and volume change with limited available cryptocurrencies. testing continues founders, friends, and advisors. increased development leads introduction technical analysis indicators trading alerts. authoring whitepaper new advisors join the team. continued development and testing more advanced features with telegram bot additional artificial intelligence professional joined incorporate features into itt. phase itt platform (bots and algorithms) continues tweaked and optimized produce market-beating returns. private beta tier itt bot released telegram for limited public use (using technical analysis, features not included). itt token sale. acceleration development statistical data modelling, and trader experience patterns. tier ai-enabled itt bot released subscription-based model. personalized trading alert settings made available itt bot. availability portfolio management companion app. support added for simplified mandarin, korean, japanese, cantonese, spanish additional features added itt bot social media sentiment indicators. investigate potential inclusion predictive markets partnership with augur/gnosis. continue build itt community traders. phase itt users gain access exclusive cryptocurrencies research reports (buy/sell) release alternative alerts via slack, wechat, twitter, wire, ambit itt launches separate quant fund. ongoing itt bot will continue tweaked and developed these data bots will constantly re-tested and optimized. intend bring institutional-level trading technology and make available the masses. smart automated loss prevention trades available. api access user accounts exchanges for faster trade initiating and option for implementing smart automated loss prevention trades. machine learning and specifically the implementation generative adversarial networks will will further disrupt the growing effectiveness trading crytpocurrency assets. furthermore, our focus will remain both infrastructure and tuning the neural models effectively produce high-confidence trading predictions from trillions data signals ranging from media outlets, social networks, international trade relations, current events, and technology advancements. while timing difficult predict, the team has its sights set upon assistant capable self-programming, retraining, and continued self-optimization. and, the same time promoting open and transparent transacting inside smart contracts the ethereum network blockchain. token mechanism the intelligent trading technology token (itt) erc ethereum token. ethereum tokens are represented smart contracts that are executed the publicly-available ethereum blockchain. the itt token's design follows the widely-adopted token implementation standards. this allows token holders easily store and manage their itt tokens using existing solutions including ethereum wallet. the source code itt's smart contract publicly available github. the supply itt tokens limited million itt tokens. the ethereum network enforces that there will never more than this initial million itt tokens minted. itt tokens are essential pay subscription fees the itt platform. subscriptions, paid itt tokens will target prices that uphold two goals: maintains enough exclusivity prevent the user crowd from becoming market-manipulator remain available amateur low-volume traders tier subscription services this itt bot sends alerts based numerous technical indicators, and will start off around $/month, payable itt tokens. the pricing mechanism product factors including number subscribers, inverse relationship the usd value the itt token, and elastic the ratio total subscribers total market cap all cryptocurrencies. .+c(s/c (as tier subscription services this itt bot will send customizable alerts personalized artificial intelligence (neural network) models tuned your trading goals and optimized your individual trading ability. the tier itt bot will start off around $/month, payable itt tokens. similar pricing mechanism was used producing the ideal pricing equilibrium, adding elasticity price according the ratio ai-powered traders (itt service users) versus non-ai-powered traders. this ensures the effectiveness the advantage itt's platform. (as e(c )+f itt token sale for the itt token sale, contributors can receive updates and announced the itt token sale webpage intelligenttrading.org/token-sale/ the itt token sale period will last until usd million equivalent ethereum/bitcoin tokens have been raised, for maximum duration calendar month, whichever earlier. start date: august utc end date: september utc cap: are raising approximately $.m usd denominated eth/btc our token sale. being crowdfunded project, majority will owned the crowdfunding participants the form itt tokens, while itt tokens will reserved for the original development team, advisors, bounties and the earliest adopters/contributors. itt tokens reserved for original development team and advisors will subject -month holding period serve long-term incentive for the founding team. itt tokens will created: tokens available for crowdfunding participants tokens available for user rewards (acquisition, performance and bonuses) tokens available for original contributors/dev team/advisors token sale participants will able send ether (eth) bitcoin (btc)* the intelligent trading technologies' token sale address only after the start the token sale period. please only contribute official eth address listed the official intelligent trading technologies website http://token-sale.intelligenttrading.org any other addresses posted before/during/after the token sale period anywhere other than the official website http://token-sale.intelligenttrading.org should not used. *bitcoin (btc) contributions will only taken special circumstances amounts btc. please email for more information info@intelligenttrading.org contributors who purchase itt tokens between august and september (during the first two weeks the token sale) will receive bonus itt tokens based the table below. capital committed itt bonus tokens eth* eth* also applies equivalent amount btc time transaction. itt tokens will delivered your eth wallet shortly after the token sale period ends, and then tradable exchanges shortly thereafter. the project website intelligenttrading.org/faq you will also find detailed guide how participate the itt token sale using either the ethereum wallet parity. please not send contributions from exchange any wallet for which you not control the private key. please check your local laws and regulations prior participating. unfortunately, citizens and residents the united states and the people's republic china cannot currently participate the itt token sale due due regulations those jurisdictions. please see our terms conditions for more information. use token sale proceeds the funds raised with allow itt scale operations until become cashflow positive which point will follow not for profit model and will able lower subscription fees the users. the funds will distributed according the table below and spent direct costs according the roadmap. breakdown can seen below. primary development sixty percent the funds received during the token sale will allocated for development and continued improvement the itt platform and open-source project laid out our development roadmap. funds raised will allow for integration, slack bot, wechat bot, web dashboard, and auto-trading via api connection exchanges they become available. marketing- the value itt tokens and the itt platform will jointly benefit from more users, marketing will done through social media, direct marketing, partnerships and affiliate programs. outreach- our outreach funds will utilised provide education the public the itt platform and cryptocurrencies general. increased awareness cryptocurrencies and blockchain, will allow for increased use itt platforms and ultimately more liquidity the markets which operate. this will also include outreach itt's users for feedback ensuring that continue provide relevant product that continues add significant value their trading experience. intend firmly establish itt the dominant player the trading alert space. operating expenditures twenty percent the token sale funds will reserved for operating expenditures. these will allocated for any non-development, hosting and legal expenses. leadership (team) "great things business are never done one person. they're done team people." steve jobs "talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence win championships." --michael jordan benjamin lakoff cfa co-founder ben entrepreneur and finance professional. avid active trader both traditional and cryptocurrency markets. holds the chartered financial analyst (cfa) designation and has been investing blockchain start-ups heavily since mid-. ben joins itt's team with broad and diverse experience across various business sectors including mergers acquisitions, equity markets, banking, and lately the head planning more diversified and entrepreneurial organization. fluent english, portuguese, and spanish and currently lives bangkok, thailand. thomas counsell co- founder tom holds computer science degree from purdue university. cofounded the largest artisan ecommerce site morocco while serving with the peace corps. created noble software foundation and incorporeal ltd. while leading large software development operations for technology startups thailand including agoda.com and serving cto careerbolt and aztrana.com. tom brings itt unique set diverse cross-culture skills and experience deploying world-class applications used millions internationally. now resides czech republic focussing practical applications the latest artificial intelligence and blockchain technologies. marcelo barbosa platform developer with years experience, marcelo has led teams backend and full-stack engineer ovirt, fedora linux and centos linux, glusterfs, sizeof, datacom, red hat, lojas renner, neo networks and sij. his specialization cloud services, open-source products, scalable server infrastructure, api design, and blockchain has honed his passions for problem-solving and product development. peter trading advisor peter based the usa, and has spent the past six years investments working for the asset management divisions jpmorgan and wells fargo. peter's trading experience spans all asset classes and has deep knowledge fundamental and technical analysis and modeling. peter addicted trading cryptos and passionate about this project because sees great value the resource that itt will for all crypto investors, from the first time buyer professional traders. due the unknown ramifications the regulatory environment for licensed individuals, peter has chosen remain anonymous this time sebastian bausch advisor sebastian security analyst and has been passionate about cryptocurrencies since the co-founder criton group, risk consulting firm with focus asia. sebastian studied mandarin xiamen university and holds postgraduate degree from the university nottingham. poramin insom development advisor poramin the founder and core developer zcoin market cap anonymous cryptocurrency. the ceo satang mobile bitcoin wallet southeast asia. also the world's first person implement stealth addresses qt-wallets, improving cryptocurrency anonymity. earned master's degree information security from johns hopkins university where wrote paper proposed practical implementation the zerocoin protocol. legal considerations please read this section carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s). itt tokens are functional utility tokens within the itt platform. itt tokens are not securities, and are not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction. itt tokens are also non-refundable and are not for speculative investment. intelligent trading technologies' whitepaper and website not constitute prospectus offer document any sort, and are not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper and website not constitute form part any opinion any advice sell, any solicitation any offer the distributor/vendor the itt tokens (the "distributor") purchase any itt tokens nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. contribution the itt token way donation the distributor. the distributor will affiliate intelligent trading technologies, and will deploy all proceeds sale the itt tokens fund itt's cryptocurrency project, businesses and operations. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the sale and purchase the itt tokens and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. any agreement between the distributor and you purchaser, and relation any sale and purchase, itt tokens (as referred this whitepaper) governed only separate document setting out the terms and conditions (the "t&cs") such agreement. the event any inconsistencies between the t&cs and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. you are not eligible and you are not purchase any itt tokens the intelligent trading tokens sale (as referred this whitepaper) you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder the united states america citizen resident the peoples republic china. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. there are risks and uncertainties associated with intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the itt tokens, and the itt token sale (each referred this whitepaper). this whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination this whitepaper prohibited restricted. part this whitepaper reproduced, distributed disseminated. the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you. prospective purchasers itt tokens (as referred this whitepaper) should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with intelligent trading technologies, the distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the itt tokens, and the itt token, all information set out this whitepaper and the t&cs prior any purchase itt tokens. any such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results operations and prospects intelligent trading technologies and/or the distributor could materially and adversely affected. such cases, you may lose all part the value the itt tokens. the reports and signals produced outcome this project are for informational purposes only. these signals should not regarded "investment advice" "recommendation" regarding course action, including without limitation those terms are used any applicable law regulation. this information provided with the understanding that with respect the material provided this project (i) the person who prepared this document not acting fiduciary advisory capacity under any contract with you, any applicable law regulation, (ii) that you will make your own independent decision with respect any course action connection herewith, whether such course action appropriate proper based your own judgment and your specific circumstances and objectives, and (iii) that you are capable understanding and assessing the merits course action and evaluating investment risks independently. you may not rely the material contained herein. the person who wrote the codes produce these documents shall not have any liability for any damages any kind whatsoever relating these documents. kyc policy please read this section carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s). intelligent trading technologies will require completed know your client ("kyc") documentation all contributors over the btc eth equivalent us$,. upon completion the token sale, intelligent trading technologies will engage our legal advisors collect and review kyc documentation from individuals and entities that are applicable. the following shall required: individuals completed compliance form individual certified colour picture passport page certified utility bill showing current residential address the individual not citizen one the following countries, additional information required: argentina, australia, austria, bahamas, bahrain, barbados, belgium, bermuda, brazil, british virgin islands, canada, cayman islands, denmark, finland, france, germany, gibraltar, greece, guernsey, hong kong, iceland, india, ireland, isle man, israel, italy, japan, jersey, liechtenstein, luxembourg, malta, mexico, netherlands, new zealand, norway, panama, people's republic china, portugal, singapore, spain, sweden, switzerland, turkey, united arab emirates, united kingdom, united states america. reference from bank where the individual has had business relationship for more than years. reference from professional whom the individual has had business relationship for more that years. legal entities completed compliance form entity certified certificate incorporation formation certified memorandum and articles association bylaws certified register directors and officers* certified register members** structure chart *we will also require kyc the directors the entity the same form referenced above for individual entity. **we will also require kyc the member(s) holding more the issued shares the same form referenced above for individual entity. *** certified documents must certified notarised lawyer licensed notary. ****if there are any regulated entities within the structure, please advise there may exemptions that can applied. acknowledgements many people have committed support the intelligent trading technologies project with their time, energy, and network. would like use this opportunity express our gratitude everyone who supported throughout the course development this project. thank you! special thanks iglu, bangkok meetups, ethereum team and their technology, coin exchanges for their useful apis and many others for their support, feedback and improvements the itt platform!