speci cation this document intervalue technology white paper version v.. mainly introduces the background, positioning, technical characteristics and application scenarios intervalue. the future, will continually upgrade this document keep consistent with new technology evolvement. for the latest and more information intervalue, such technical white papers, software releases, developer communities, and more, please visit the cial site: http://www.inve.one. contact white paper: whitepaper@inve.one community management: community@inve.one foundation: foundation@inve.one others: support@inve.one copyright declaration copyright this document belongs the intervalue team, all rights reserved. disclaimer blockchain technology progresses, the intervalue team will improve and existing technology solutions needed, and continue improve the technical white paper. contents abstract background blockchain development overview key technologies blockchain current problems blockchains motivation name vision goal ecological system key features advantages pp-based anonymous communication data structure data structure the basic dag hashnet-a new dag data structure consensus dag consensus the main chain double spending finality hashnet consensus hashnet overview node type node maintenance sharding the byzantine agreement consensus function consensus status selecting full nodes byzantine agreement based veri able random hash algorithm and signature algorithm against quantum attacks --- hash algorithm against quantum attacks signature algorithm against quantum attacks anonymous transactions the one-time secret key the ring signatures the zero-knowledge proof the con dential transactions smart contract declarative turing-incomplete smart contract advanced turing-complete smart contract moses virtual machine (mvm) smart contract accounts and transactions applications and scenes applications distributed social network applications divergent contract trading applications file storage grid applications scenes outline scenes physical asset transaction authentic right decentralized travel service platform asset dividend trading block chain cross-chain communication and multi-chain merging introduction cross-chain technology full-node adapter multi-chain merging cross-chain communication cross-chain asset exchange cross-chain asset transfer team and planning foundation team member project consultant consultant institution roadmap token token utility token issuance business status quo technical competition company competition -i- risk references -ii- abstract blockchain technology considered the fth most likely technology which will lead disruptive revolution productivity and production relations, following the steam engine, power, information technology and internet. since creation blockchain technology represented bitcoin this technology has made great progress and received more and more attention. especially recent years, blockchain technology has become global focus. from core technologies chain applications, comprehensive explorations have been carried out for blockchain. however, far current blockchain technology concerned, there big gap between chain technology and various applications. especially, there are many technical culties around blockchain core technologies, which need breakthrough. present, the infrastructure support development blockchain applications unstable, thus many applications are not ective. therefore, urgent make research and development blockchain infrastructure, thus providing reliable support for various blockchain applications, well promoting implementation blockchain applications all kinds industries, which makes blockchain serve human beings faster and better. propose infrastructure for global value-internet, intervalue. aims solve the problems such low applicability, transaction congestion, high commissions, long con rmation latency, weak resistance quantum attacks, poor anonymity communication and transaction, incapability crossing and merging chains, large space for storage and etc. intervalue would optimize and improve blockchain technology all aspects including protocols and mechanisms, and become genuine infrastructure blockchain also, intervalue would provide platform for developing various dapps (distributed apps), well feasible solutions construct global value-internet. intervalue focuses core technology blockchain infrastructure and platform. our goal build infrastructure conquering current key technical problems and supporting all domain applications terms ecological view. main technological innovation intervalue includes: underlying network, combining the advantages tor-based anonymity and blockchain-based distributed vpn, design novel anonymous overlay network, including anonymous access method and encrypted communication protocol, which greatly enhances anonymity nodes the network and ensures that it's hard trace node address and crack communication protocol. data structure, new data structure hashnet derived from dag (directed acyclic graph) proposed, which greatly reduces storage space required nodes and improves ciency and security data storage. consensus, design cient and secure double-layer consensus mechanism consisting hashnet consensus and ba-vrf (byzantine agreement based veri able random function) consensus, which supports high transaction concurrency, fast con rmation and building eco-systems for erent application scenarios. version due the fact that hashnet consensus much cult implement, rst implement double-layer consensus mechanism combining dag consensus with ba-vrf. anti-quantum attack, new antiquantum algorithms are devised, which replaces existing sha series algorithm with the keccak- hash algorithm, and replaces ecdsa signature algorithm with integer lattice-based ntrusign signature algorithm. these algorithms reduce the threat coming from development quantum computing and gradual popularization quantum computer. transaction anonymity, based anonymity characteristics cryptocurrency such monero and zcash, one-time key and ring signature are applied transaction anonymity and privacy protection, which performs with high cost-e ective ratio and excellent security. function choice, zeroknowledge proofs are used satisfy privacy requirements erent application scenarios. smart contracts, design moses virtual machine (mvm) which supports declarative non-turing complete contract well advanced turing complete contract programmed moses language. mvm able access blockchain data conveniently and securely, and supports issuance third-party assets, which can integrated into applications terms public, permissioned (private) consortium (hybrid) blockchain. crossing and merging chains, adopt chain-relaying technology solve the problems crossing chains transaction and transparent operations among multiple chains, which not only can maintain independence crossing chains operation, but also reuses various functions intervalue. ecological motivation, various token allocation methods are used, which support double-layer mining for incentives. industrial application, design lots industrial common interfaces form json-rpc, satisfying different scenarios such circulation payment, data transmission, data search and contract invocation. intervalue supports implementation for variety applications including anonymous communications, power sharing, storage sharing, bandwidth sharing, reputation sharing (credit guarantee), and provides open interfaces for third-party dapp development. connecting with various application scenarios, intervalue can cooperate with kinds service providers and application providers support commercial organizations government agencies build public, consortium permissioned chain application systems according business characteristics and requirements. intervalue will reform existing operational mode internet. introduced token distribution mechanism for incentive inspire community maintain intervalue public chain and develop dapps. intervalue will stimulate more value and network spreading ects public chain, and turn economic incentive system into self-renewing system, and create completely decentralized ecosystem valueinternet and value transfer. background blockchain development overview blockchain can used peer-to-peer (pp) decentralized system store the pseudonymous transaction records trustless environment. blockchain the core technology bitcoin which was rst proposed and was implemented blockchain essentially distributed ledger, which all committed transactions are stored chain. this chain continuously grows when the new transactions have been con rmed. blockchain one the most popular topics nowadays. first all, kind social thought, which indicates the coming new era transformation and change human society. kelly the book "out control" describes: the natural, social, and technological evolution biological logic from the edge the center then the edge, from out control being controlled then out control. the technology base blockchain distributed network architecture, because the maturity distributed network technology, possible establish the business structure ectively going center, weak center, sub center and sharing, consensus and shared organization structure. today's blockchain technology has undergone several iterations: blockchain cryptocurrency. early the bitcoin network was cially launched. virtual currency system, the total amount bitcoin ned network consensus protocol. individual institution can freely modify the supply and transaction records therein. the underlying technology bitcoin, the blockchain, actually extremely ingenious distributed shared ledger and peer-to-peer value transfer technology that has the potential ect much the invention double entry bookkeeping. blockchain smart contracts. around industry community began recognize the importance blockchain technology, and create common technology platform provide developers with baas (blockchain service), which greatly improve the transaction speed, reduce resource consumption and support multiple consensus algorithms such pow, pos and dpos, well making dapp development easier. blockchain blockchain technology application. after with the rise blockchain technology based dag data structures, such byteball and iota, blockchain systems are more cient, scalable, highly interoperable, and better user experience than before. applications blockchain gradually extend healthcare, copyright, education, and iot. broader applications such sharing economy, communications, social management, charity, culture and entertainment. blockchain blockchain ecosystem. recently, blockchain technology based hashgraph data structure has gradually attracted attention industry community. the consensus algorithm based hashgraph can achieve qualitative growth transaction throughput and scalability. the blockchain will become the infrastructure industry and form consolidate ecosystem, which also changes people's lifestyle extensively and profoundly. figure blockchain evolution path recent two years, although some countries are conservative about use and development cryptocurrencies, underlying technologies and applications blockchains are paid much attention all the world. with the deepening recognition blockchain technology and application domain, people show great enthusiasm development and implementation blockchain core technologies and chain applications. the research and exploration blockchain technology mainly focus three aspects: underlying technology and infrastructure layer: mainly contains the basic protocol and related hardware. general application and technology extension layer: provides services, interfaces and related technical exports, including smart contract, quick calculation, mining service, information security, data service, baas, solution, traceable anti-counterfeiting and etc, for vertical industries. vertical industrial application layer: blockchain implemented vertical areas such nance, digital currency, entertainment, supply chain, healthcare, law, energy, public welfare, social, internet things and agriculture. present, people invest great deal enthusiasm development and application blockchain technology. among the teams engaged blockchain research and development, proportion teams engaged underlying technology research about and proportion teams using chains for application sce-- narios and vertical industries compared with application layer, underlying technologies can create token market value. addition, changes the traditional internet-centric mode, i.e., data are centralized application layer. under blockchain system, application layer becomes complete service provider, longer owns user tra and data value. these personal data are distributed users, and underlying technologies more valuable than application layer. key technologies blockchain underlaying data structure. blockchain originally unique way storing data cryptocurrencies such bitcoin. self-referential data structure for storing large amounts transactions. blocks are orderly linked up, and ultimately can not tampered. and easy trace transactions. the data structure traditional blockchain bottleneck hindering enhancing blockchain concurrency. technical geeks are constantly looking for more cient form block linking. directed acyclic graph (dag) great solution, and use "dag chain" the rest white paper. dag, there process for packing blocks, but users con each other, which can greatly reduce transaction con rmation duration. hash algorithm. the hash algorithm usually used achieve information digest and its collision probability very low. can hide original information. the type function arguments string, the size output xed, and the hash function computationally cient. common hash algorithms include the and sha series algorithms. however, the grover algorithm quantum computer can reduce the complexity the attack hash algorithm from thus traditional hash algorithm threatened quantum attacks. encryption signature algorithm. the signature algorithm encrypts the information using the private key ensure the non-repudiation the information. current blockchains mainly use ecdsa digital signature algorithm based elliptic curves. rstly generates the public-private key pair: (sk, pk) generatekeys (keysize) the user keeps and can shared other people. secondly, user can sign speci message with sig: sign (sk, message). this yields signature sig. finally, the party owning can verify the signature: isvalid: verify (pk, message, sig) however, the shor algorithm under the quantum computer can reduce the complexity ecdsa algorithm from o(n) o(n(log n)(log log n)), thus ecdsa cannot resist quantum attack. anonymous protection. public chains, each participant can get complete data backup, and all transaction data are open and transparent. however, this fatal for many blockchain applications. not only some common users would like protect account privacy and transaction information, also most organizations want protect account information and trade secrets. bitcoin achieves anonymity blocking association between transaction address and the holder's true identity. however, such protection weak and correlation between account and transaction can still tracked observing and tracking information blockchain through the address and information. satisfy requirement privacy protection blockchain, there are several solutions, such ring signature, homomorphic encryption and zero-knowledge proof. communication. the blockchain system uses network technology connect peers. erent from centralized network mode, each node the network has equal status, each node has the same network authority, and there centralized server. however, because there centralized server, node's information can easily leaked. consensus mechanism. there are several major consensus mechanisms: pow, pos, dpos, pbft. pow (proof work) consensus strategy used bitcoin network. requires complicated computational process authentication. pow, each node network calculating hash value the constantly changing block header. pow completely decentralized, free access, but mining causes lot waste resources, consensus needs long period, which not suitable for commercial applications. pos (proof stake) energy-saving alternative pow. instead demanding users nonce unlimited space, pos requires users prove the ownership the amount currency because believed that users with more currency would less likely attack the network, and pos still needs mining. dpos (delegated proof stake). similar pos, miners get their priority generate the blocks according their stake. the major erence between pos and dpos that pos direct democratic while dpos representative democratic. and the whole consensus mechanism still depends tokens, while many commercial applications not need tokens. pbft (practical byzantine fault tolerance) replication algorithm tolerate byzantine faults. hyperledger utilizes the pbft its consensus algorithm since pbft could handle malicious byzantine replicas/nodes. pbft needs know the identity each node select accountant for each block, and nodes cannot join exit arbitrarily, pbft always used private permissioned blockchains. it's high ciency, but nodes need fully trust each other. incentive mechanism. order ensure normal operation blockchain system, large number honest nodes need remain online. the incentive mechanism used reward the users who contribute more the system. and should make bene honest users outweigh that malicious users. smart contracts. smart contracts were rst proposed the cryptographic scientist nick szabo. when prede ned condition satis ed, the smart contracts perform the corresponding contract terms. ethereum provides turing complete contract programming language, but development and deployment smart contracts tedious and vulnerable. smart contract byteball easy deploy, but non-turing complete, and not scalable for contract applications. current problems blockchains currently, various blockchains such eos, neo, arcblock and other projects emerge continuously, but most them are based ethereum. they are far from criteria blockchain most project teams which implement blockchain with application scenario are limited performance, applicability and stability underlying chain. and they are currently early stage. although estimated that many industry applications may rise with the underlying agreements are constantly changing, more than the projects will eliminated history. the current blockchain technology mainly has the following problems. poor performance. performance one main challenges for current blockch-- ain technology. bitcoin designed handle only seven transactions per second, and ethereum can only handle few more. december simple cryptokitties application can slow down ethereum and increase transaction fees dramatically. today's consumer applications must able handle tens millions active users daily. addition, some applications will only become valuable when certain throughput reached. the platform itself must able handle large number concurrent users. experience demands reliable feedback within only second-class delays. long latency frustrates users and make applications built blockchains less competitive with existing non-blockchain alternatives. cult use. today's blockchain applications are built for the few tech whizzes who know how use them, rather than common users. nearly all blockchain applications require users either run blockchain node install "light node". takes long time for users adapt application. for example, while the ethereum-based game cryptokitties probably the most user-friendly decentralized app ever built, still requires users install the metamask light wallet browser extension. users also need know how buy ethers securely and use them with metamask. attract large numbers people, blockchain applications need simple today's internet and mobile apps. blockchain technology should completely transparent the consumer. high cost. the extremely high cost using blockchain technology major barrier adoption. also limits developers who need the exibility build free services. just like today's internet and mobile apps, there need pay every operation during blockchain transaction. similar the internet, blockchain technology should able support free applications. making blockchain free use key its widespread adoption. free platform will also empower developers and businesses create valuable new services they can monetize, rather than having users pay fees use the blockchain network. platform lock-in. same the early days any computing technology, blockchains have critical "platform lock-in" problems. developers have decide which blockchain develop, then implement platform-speci code, which makes very cult switch application another blockchain. developers don't want locked into working with certain blockchain technology. they need freedom evaluate, use, and switch between options. some applications may even need run multiple platforms provide best user experience. low applicability. people have high expectations for blockchain, kinds media paint bright future for decentralized applications for the public, especially with the increasingly high prices cryptocurrencies. reality, however, blockchain technology still its infant stage. most blockchain services lack rich features and don't have mechanism encourage the community contribute the feature stacks. therefore, there urgent need study the underlying mechanism blockchain, and redesign improve the various key technologies blockchain solve the problems such transaction congestion, high transaction fees, long con rmation latency, weak anti-quantum attack capability, low anonymity communication and transaction, weak crossing and merging chain capability, large storage space and etc. aim implement real practical support mechanism for all levels value transfer network, provide the infrastructure for all kinds value transfer applications, and underlying development platform for all kinds dapps and practical and feasible solutions for constructing the global value transfer and value internet. motivation name intervalue. inve: intervalue token. vision well known that internet enables the free dissemination and sharing some information, whereas blockchain makes possible movement and exchange whole information and real assets human beings freely, which derives the internet value. the signi cance internet and blockchain map the real society virtual society, means that information mapping realized internet and value mapping realized blockchain. intervalue has set technical and fuctional features for value mapping, which will built practical infrastructure the internet value. figure mapping real world and virtual world imagine world within intervalue that all behaviors and activities people involving pay, evauation, retain, determine the legitimacy will operated automatically. people can store their whole life's activities digical media. the digical world, virtual person can built who has complete consciousness and completely autonomous intellgence, the evolution arti cial intelligence. after the value all kinds assets mapped the chain, the virtual person will live the virtual human society individually. new world borned. goal our goal build intervalue infrastructure blockchain with features such dag enhanced, full functions supported, high-performance, easy use, friendly user experience, scalability. and then will produce the ecosystem blockchain applications based intervalue. key technologies platform and features blockchain infrastructure are the topmost focus for intervalue. the features include the anonymous protocols, novel anti-quantum hash algorithm and novel signature algorithm, unique double-layer consensus and mining mechanism for transactional anonymous protection, turing complete smart contracts, etc. uses fair distribution mechanism support third-party asset distribution, cross-chain communications, multi-chain merging functions such public chain, permissioned chain, consortium chain and other forms fall into the practical application the blockchain infrastructure. figure the roadmap blockchain ecological system intervalue takes advantage the chains blockchain and addresses their outstanding issues, break some key technologies, and can support more prosperous application ecosystem. shown figure intervalue innovatively designs the chain-down data mapping mechanism and new enhanced data structure based directed acyclic graph (dag) and hash graph (hashnet), hashnet based consensus and ba-vrf based consensus mechanism, advanced turing complete intelligent contract with external triggers, keccack and ntrdsign based anti-quantum cryptanalysis algorithm, ring signature and zero-knowledge proof transaction anonymous protection mechanism. has the functional characteristics blockchain such fast transaction con rmation, anti-quantum attack, anonymous node communication, anonymous protection transaction, advanced smart contract, data link and on. also supports fair distribution mechanism support third-party asset distribution and cross-link communication, multi-chain fusion and other functions. our vision for intervalue build the internet value globally provide the foundation network for blockchain which supports wide range applications the form public blockchain, permissioned blockchain and private blockchains. for speci application, the data operated hash and the value stored intervalue chain. all applications, such the digital currency represented bitcoin the context blockchain the nancial services combined digital currency and smart contracts under the background blockchain and can built based intervalue. public chain blockchain intervalue also supports more extensive applications, such healthcare, copyright, education, internet things, sharing economy, communication, social management, charity, cultural entertainment and on. figure the ecosystem diagram intervalue intervalue will completely reshape the existing internet operating model and transform the economic incentive system itself into system that can circulate within the system create completely decentralized internet value transmission ecosystem well completely open community ecosystem that transcends national boundaries, that each participant can get the corresponding value embodied. key features intervalue has made signi cant improvements all aspects the blockchain infrastructure, with breakthrough innovations some levels. main technological innovation intervalue includes: underlying network, combining the advantages tor-based anonymity and blockchain-based distributed vpn, design novel anonymous overlay network, including anonymous access method and encrypted communication protocol, which greatly enhances anonymity nodes the network and ensures that it's hard trace node address and crack communication protocol. data structure, new data structure hashnet derived from dag (directed acyclic graph) proposed, which greatly reduces storage space required nodes and improves ciency and security data storage. consensus, design cient and secure double-layer consensus mechanism consisting hashnet consensus and ba-vrf (byzantine agreement based veri able random function) consensus, which supports high transaction concurrency, fast con rmation and building eco-systems for erent application scenarios. version due the fact that hashnet consensus much cult implement, rst implement double-layer consensus mechanism combining dag consensus with ba-vrf. anti-quantum attack, new anti-quantum algorithms are devised, which replaces existing sha series algorithm with the keccak- hash algorithm, and replaces ecdsa signature algorithm with integer lattice-based ntrusign signature algorithm. these algorithms reduce the threat coming from development quantum computing and gradual popularization quantum computer. transaction anonymity, based anonymity characteristics cryptocurrency such monero and zcash, one-time key, ring signature, zero-knowledge proof are applied transaction anonymity and privacy protection, which performs with high cost-e ective ratio and excellent security satisfy privacy requirements erent application scenarios. smart contracts, design moses virtual machine (mvm) which supports declarative non-turing complete contract well advanced turing complete contract programmed moses language. mvm able access -blockchain data conveniently and securely, and supports issuance third-party assets, which can integrated into applications terms public, permissioned (private) consortium (hybrid) blockchain. crossing and merging chains, adopt chain-relaying technology solve the problems crossing chains transaction and transparent operations among multiple chains, which not only can maintain independence crossing chains operation, but also reuses various functions intervalue. ecological motivation, various token allocation methods are used, which support double-layer mining for incentives. industrial application, design lots industrial common interfaces form json-rpc, satisfying erent scenarios such circulation payment, data transmission, data search and contract invocation. the key features intervalue are shown figure figure the key features intervalue key features intervalue are summarized: new data structure dag based hashnet with small storage space requirement multiple consensus mechanisms: hashnet, ba-vrf, and dag consensus fully distributed anonymous network communication hash algorithm and signature algorithm against quantum attacks transaction anonymity and privacy protection based zero knowledge proof and ring signature support turing complete advanced declarative smart contract support high concurrent transactions, short transaction con rmation time advantages the intervalue project incorporates the bene the existing blockchain project highlighting the bene iota and byteball. designs and implements new consensus mechanism based improved hashnet solving this problem existing blockchain infrastructure adopting innovative two-layer consensus mechanism, designing and using cryptographic algorithm with anti-quantum attack characteristics, and build more prosperous application ecosystem. table compares intervalue with the existing dag program the aspects tokens, market capitalization, consensus mechanism, smart contracts, networks, quantum security, privacy protection, reward mechanism, transaction speed, node classi cation and on. table comparison with other dag-based blockchain iota byteball hedera hashgraph intervalue token iota byte hashgraph inve market capitalization billion billion consensus mechanism mcmc notaries hashgraph double consensus smart contract nonsupport declarative contract turing complete contract declarative contract and turing complete contract network anonymity anonymity anonymity anonymity quantum security partial resistance yes privacy protection yes zero knowledge proof privacy protection incentive mechanism transaction citations and notarization transaction proxy service transaction reference, notary, mining transaction speed tps tps tps node cassification full node and light node full node and light node full node and light node confirm node, full node, local full node, light node, micro node from intervalue current progress and follow-up development plan, intervalue mainly has the following advantages. positioning practical blockchain infrastructure with advanced technical features truly supported the massive adoption blockchain infrastructure. the intervalue team has reasonable matching and division labor, strong technological research and development capabilities, strong market promotion ability and strong landing capability. ensures that inve can achieve various characteristics design successfully. the application chain based intervalue advancing rapidly. present, intervalue based distributed social platform and intervalue based global distributed storage grid are currently being planned and developed. addition, the team still planning killer chain application with large user base. technology provider, intervalue team has been working with many companies that use blockchain technology optimize and enhance the existing business processes. the intervalue infrastructure has been applied many practical applications and scenarios, and being developed and implemented. the intervalue team actively building coalition partners strive apply intervalue many industry and physical scenarios possible. the intervalue team actively building community developers ensure that more technical people are technically involved the optimization intervalue's infrastructure itself and the development dapps based intervalue. intervalue team actively building blockchain technologies popularize communities and promote popularization blockchain technology. pp-based anonymous communication the underlying network intervalue adopts overlay architecture, which anonymity mechanism built upon ensure privacy preservation. short for peer-to-peer, and kind overlay network. ibm gives the following nition for pp: system consists number interconnected computers and has least one the following characteristics: the system relies the active cooperation non-central server devices, and each member directly bene from the participation other members rather than from the server. each member not only client, but also server. users are aware existence each other, and form virtual actual group." system, each peer equal participant and assumes the role consumer and provider. ownership and control resources are spread across the network. makes communication easy, straightforward, and reduces reliance servers minimum level. technology has changed location "content", making from the "center" "edge". this means has changed the state the internet, which now centers around centralized website. resources are not stored servers but stored all users' pcs. technology makes users' pcs longer passive clients, but become server and client combined devices. therefore, intervalue featured decentralization. the anonymity mechanism for intervalue embedding the network implemented the following: intervalue runs proxy server locally, periodically communicating with others maintain tls link, which forms virtual link network. speci cally, each user runs its own proxy: getting directory, building link, and handling connection. these proxies accept the tcp data stream and reuse them the same line. intervalue encrypts data application layer, i.e., the transport between each relay node encrypted using point-to-point key. the encryption encloses all user's packet between each pair communication nodes, which ensures communication safety between the relay nodes. speci cally, each intervalue relay node maintains long-term key and short-term key. the long-term key veri the key sign tls certi cate, signs the relay node descriptor, and signs the directory used directory server. the short-term key used decode the request sent user, and then establish link while negotiating temporary key. the tls protocol also uses short-term keys between the communicating relay nodes for periodically and independently change the impact key leakage. instead taking direct route from source destination, data packets the intervalue network take random pathway through several relays that cover user's tracks observer any single point can tell where the data came from where it's going. create private network pathway, the user's client incrementally builds circuit encrypted connections through relays the network. the circuit extended one hop time, and each relay along the way knows only which relay gave data and which relay giving data to. individual relay ever knows the complete path that data packet has taken. the client negotiates separate set encryption keys for each hop along the circuit ensure that each hop can't trace these connections they pass through. the principle anonymity communication for intervalue shown fig. directory server core the network, which responsible for collecting relay node information and distributing proxy terms snapshot and description. the relay nodes forms infrastructure intervalue network, which collaboratively forward encrypted packets through anonymous links among multiple relay nodes. the proxy runs the intervalue client, which responsible for establishing anonymous links and relaying network tra between the user's application and anonymous link. fig. anonymity link formed three relay nodes, which are labelled entry, middle, and exit. figure principle anonymity communication for intervalue data structure data structure the basic dag intervalue uses the basic dag data structure store transaction data its rst development phase. the basic dag data structure has been adopted several projects (e.g. iota and byteball) support the long-term stable operation public blockchains, which proves the advance and performance dag chain technology. intervalue, transaction messages are encapsulated into units (units), and dag graph constructed linking these units. unit must con the units before linking them. therefore, the cost computing and time for consensus reducing. blockless, and there data synchronization. result, tremendously increases the transaction throughput and minimizes the con rmation time. the dag data structure intervalue shown figure the directed edges between units indicate the reference relationship between them. there directed edge from unit indicating that unit refers (or con rms a), and parent child the same time, call unit indirectly refers c's ancestor unit. unit does not have any parent, and called the genesis unit and unique. units and not have any children, and such units are called top units. the unit consists two parts: the unit header and the unit message. the unit header mainly contains the following elds: figure the dag intervalue unit version; token version; unit creators' signature: single signature multiple signatures; parent units' hash: the hash the referenced single multiple parent-units; witnesses list: hash another unit (usually its parent ancestor) which has the same witnesses. the unit message used store transaction information, intervalue has multiple types transactions, including payment, data storage, voting, etc. the detailed description the data structure shown table table detailed description the dag data structure version alt the protocol version. identi alternative currency. array one more messages that contain actual data. app: the type message, e.g. 'payment' for payments, 'text' for arbitrary text messages, etc. payload_location: where the message payload. can 'inline' the payload included the message, 'uri' the payload available internet address, 'none' the payload not published all. payload_hash: hash the payload base encoding payload: the actual payload (since 'inline' this example) the payload structure app-speci message inputs: array input coins consumed the payment. all owners the input tokens must among the signers (authors) the unit. unit: hash the unit where the coin was produced. spendable, the unit must included last_ball_unit. message_index: index into the messages array the input unit. indicates the message where the token was produced. output_index: index into the outputs array the message_index'th message the input unit. indicates the output where the token was produced. outputs: array outputs that indicates who receives the tokens. address: the address the receiver. amount: the amount the tokens. authors array the authors who created and signed this unit. parent_units array hashes parent units. witness_list_unit hash the unit where one can the witness list. similar the blockchain that each new block needs con all the previous ones, each new unit the dag needs con its parents and ancestors. you try modify unit the dag, you need coordinate with large and growing number other users, most whom are anonymous strangers. therefore, the irreversibility dag based the complexities coordinating with such large number strangers. these people have culty reaching agreement, and anyone can break the cooperation unilaterally. after the unit issued, the con rmation process immediately starts. new unit that issued anyone can con it. users help each other issuing new unit and referring other units. hashnet-a new dag data structure shown figure hashnet directed acyclic graph (dag) consisting nite number vertices and directed edges. figure hashnet data structure this gure records the communication history the nodes the entire network, including who sends information whom what order and time. every node has such copy hashnet memory. there are nodes and the gure above. each node has column with some vertexes (also called events). the most recent vertex will placed the top the column, hashnet grows upwards with time. hashnet features vertex. also called event, including: construction timestamps, more transactions, signature created, and hash value self-parent otherparent. edge. hashnet has kinds edge, vertical edge and bevel edge. figure hashnet vertex inside the bevel edge connecting vertexes, source vertex and destination vertex, represents sync, where one node sends sync another the data sent the whole tree where the root the source vertex. the vertical edge looks like chain, where events are placed the order which they were created. events the same vertical edge are created the same node. every node has such hashnet memory. one vertex has only downwards edges: one vertical edge another bevel edge. the red event discovers fact that used send sync a(light blue event the source vertex) each vertex has one more upward bevel edges which mean syncs are sent from the itself. for example, there one upward bevel edge from (source vertex the red event) means the data sends all the events tree where the root the red event. and will negotiate before sending the whole tree. fact, only sends the part that does not have the tree minimize network overhead. with more and more nodes sending syncs each other, all the events happened will saturate the hashnet each node. occasionally, the top hashnet each node may have little bit erence, will soon eliminated new coming syncs. the hashnets node and both contain the event then the hashnets contain all the ancestors and will run byzantine agreement algorithm locally reach the consensus the event and all its ancestors. every node sends the whole event tree (actually only sends part the tree that the receiver does not have for optimization) has other nodes. the part hashnet that node does not have will soon feed lots syncs the network. because can assume the hashnets every node are almost the same. hashnet terminologies table hashnet terminologies terminology transactions event (vertex hashnet) sync (edge hashnet) description any node can create signed transaction any time. all nodes get copy it, and the community reaches byzantine agreement the order those transactions hashnet contains many events, which are containers more transactions. event can regarded block bitcoin. upward bevel edge. representing network communication from one node another. hashnet kind directed acyclic graph (dag) consisted many vertexes and edges. the graph displays the history the nodes' communication. dag below, there are nodes: a,b,c,d,e (alice, bob, carol, dave, ed) the most recent event that happened will put the top graph, the hashnet grows upwards with time. hashnet world state (ws) self-parent event selfancestors event the world state means whole ledger. the world state bitcoin chain, however hashnet kind dag) intervalue the rst event reached the downward vertical edge the self-parent event( the dark blue event the self-parent the red event). the self-parent event and its self-parent the dark blue event are all self-ancestor events the red event round created round index witness famous witness election vote round received received time hashnet, all events are scoped into round time. child never has round index before its parents. time goes by, the round index can only stay the same increase. the round has index stared from round once there event that can strongly see more than supermajority witnesses, the event round index the rst event that each node creates each round the witness. each round has witnesses the number nodes). the community could put list transactions into order running separate byzantine agreement protocols o(n log erent yes/no questions the form "did event come before event much faster approach pick just few events (vertices the hashnet), called witnesses, and witness famous the hashnet shows that most members received fairly soon after was created. then it's cient run the byzantine agreement protocol only for witnesses, deciding for each witness the single question "is this witness famous?" once byzantine agreement reached the exact set famous witnesses, easy derive from the hashnet fair total order for all events the process for decision node whether witness famous election process, witness round can see witness round will vote for event has received round that the rst round which all the unique famous witnesses were descendants it, and the fame every witness decided for rounds less than equal suppose event has received round and alice created unique famous witness round the algorithm nds the earliest self-ancestors that had learned let the timestamp that alice put inside when she created then can considered the time which alice claims have rst learned the received time for the median all such timestamps, for all the creators the unique famous witnesses round other-parent event gossip gossip about gossip virtual voting supermajority the rst event reached the downward bevel edge the red event the other-parent event the red event each node sends all the information knows another randomly selected node. then the node that received the message continues the same thing. the hashnet spread through the gossip protocol. the information being gossiped the history the gossip itself, "gossip about gossip". each node has hashnet copy, relying traditional byzantine protocols, alice can gure out what votes bob should send her. bob doesn't need send real vote the network. each node has the same data (hashnet), then the same result can calculated using the same algorithm (bft) without network communication. therefore, the network bandwidth consumption for the hashnet consensus algorithm very low. the number node network), the supermajority event able directly indirectly reach event downward path: can see other-ancestors descendent see above graph can see more than supermajority downward paths, can say strongly sees can strongly see strongly seeing graph (d), the top yellow event can strongly see the orange event can reach downward paths and each them crosses erent red event. consensus the v., intervalue uses two-layer consensus mechanism that combines the basic dag consensus with the ba-vrf consensus. from v., the basic dag consensus intervalue will replaced hashnet. thus, the consensus mechanism intervalue will the combination hashnet and the ba-vrf. dag consensus ... the main chain the main chain single chain built along the child-parent link, and connects all units. the main chain able built from any unit. select two main chains from two erent units with the same rule, both main chains will completely coincide after they intersect with each other. the coincident part called the stable main chain. the worst case, they intersect the genesis unit. all units are either this stable main chain reachable number steps from unit the stable main chain. thus, the stable main chain able establish total order between two con icting unordered units. firstly, index the units directly the stable main chain. the index genesis unit set the index the genesis unit's child set and on. secondly, unit not the stable main chain, use the index the rst unit which the stable main chain and directly indirectly refers this unit. thus, each unit assigned main chain index (mci) units with smaller mcis are generated earlier. two units have exactly the same mci, the unit with the smaller hash value valid. the process building the main chain recursive calling the best parent unit selection algorithm. can the best parent given unit comparing the number witness units the alternative path. witnesses may non-anonymous people long-term involvement the community, good reputation, maintaining the development the network. since expect but not trust witnesses are honest, multiple witnesses are selected simultaneously. ... double spending double spending transactions: any out-of-order transactions issued with the same address are treated dual payment transactions, even they not use the same output. the double spending transactions are also called con icting transactions contradictory transactions. when user issues new unit, this unit should directly indirectly con all the units issued the same address. that is, all units with the same address are connected. when all the units with the same address are connected, the earlier one the double spending transactions appears the path the valid one. attacker intentionally creates double spending transaction, can resolved the mci: the transaction with smaller mci the valid one. suppose the attacker creates shadow chain and issues double spending transaction it. when the shadow chain links into the real dag, the number witnesses the shadow chain small based the best parent selection strategy. thus, the shadow chain will not part the main chain, and the double spending problem this scenario solved. note that, most witnesses colluded with the attackers and issue units their shadow chain, the attacker would attack successfully. ... finality new units arrive, each user keeps track his current which built were going issue new unit based all current childless units. the current may erent erent nodes because they may see erent sets childless units. the current will constantly change new units arrive. however, old part the current will stay invariant. future,all mcs collide with each other one stable unit. the genesis unit natural stable unit. suppose that have build current based unstable units, and there are number stable units this mc. can method push the stable unit far away from the genesis unit, the existence the stable unit able proved complete induction. the units referred the stable unit get con rmed mci. besides, the messages these units are con rmed. hashnet consensus ... hashnet overview the existing hashgraph consensus algorithm achieves the consensus transaction sequence through gossip network and virtual voting strategy. the prerequisite this consensus requires that the network node's voting ability exceeding has unanimous voting results for the famous witness event, where the total number votes, and commonly represented the number tokens. because local voting strategies, hashgraph achieves quick transaction con rmation speed. however, this method has the following problems: wide area network environment, the node has strong volatility, and the uctuation the voting ability the entire network also increases. this may lead the system unable event that meets the voting consensus for long time, and thus cannot reach consensus. due factors such node stability, processing power, and bandwidth, the ability erent nodes handle events varies greatly. there are large number weak nodes participating the voting the system, the consensus may not achieved for long time. wide area network environment, frequent node uctuations may cause the global network split into multiple subnets. according the gossip neighbor exchange protocol, the node periodically eliminates neighbors that have not been updated for long time. when the neighbor list stable, the node reaches consensus within the subnet. the subnet size small, easy for the malicious node generate two famous witness events the same round, resulting double spend transaction. the system scale increases, each node has handle large number gossip packages. thus, the throughput rate the system will decrease the number nodes increases. this end, propose hashnet consensus. shown figure hashnet adopts two-layer gossip topology based hashgraph consensus. the high layer, each node called full node, and these full nodes are responsible for the transactional consistency. order maintain network stability, all full nodes are elected through dpos. each full node receives two types data from the underlying network: transaction data and cross-subnet transaction data. the lower layer, each node called local full nodes and responsible for maintaining the intrasubnet transactional consistency. erent from the full node, the local full node election considers the factors such the number tokens, processing capacity, bandwidth, and online duration. the local full node achieves the consensus subnet transactions through hashnet. figure hashnet overview based two-layer gossip topology the main advantages the hashnet lie two aspects: the full node and the local full node have strong stability and processing capability, that they can avoid the problem that hashgraph can not reach consensus for long time. meanwhile, these full nodes can also avoid the problem that the whole network split into multiple subnets. since use two-layer gossip topology partition the nodes, full nodes not engage transaction consensus and veri cation, which ensures the system able extend large scale. ... node type hashnet nodes are divided into four categories: full nodes, local full nodes, light nodes, and micro nodes. full nodes: responsible for maintaining the entire network topology, including full node joining/leaving, local full node joining/leaving. responsible for updating shards, including calculating the number shards, and partitioning local full nodes into erent shards. local full node: proxy, helps light nodes and micro nodes send transactions. through hashnet, engages the process transaction consensus, veri cation and storage. realize consistent database, each local full node synchronizes its hashnet with local full nodes other shards. light node: commonly, lightweight client wallet. request send data through local full node. micro node: usually intelligent internet things (iot) device. similar light node, request send data through local full node. ... node maintenance hashnet, the transaction con rmation speed ected the stability, bandwidth, processing capacity full nodes and local full nodes. the other hand, full nodes and local full nodes have shu and updated avoid collusion byzantine nodes. this end, designed number trusted and motivated mechanism make nodes join and update. full node maintenance however, there are two potential security risks the full node are xed. one the full nodes may conspire and attack hashnet consensus. the other that abnormal behaviors full nodes are inevitable, such software bugs, network congestion, malicious attacks. thus, vital ensure the randomness full nodes. suppose there are full nodes. the lasted joined full node called leader full node. periodically run pow and hashnet consensus algorithms update full nodes. the details are shown follows: applicant requests the full node list from hub node. next, selects full node and requests pow. when the full node receives the request, return the hash problem the applicant. the applicant computes the hash result pow, which singed its private key. next, the applicant sends its metadata /public key, signature, hash result full node. when full node receives the metadata applicant, checks whether the candidate the applicant has been con rmed. yes, the full node ignores the applicant. otherwise, the full node validate the signature and hash result the applicant. when the validation accepted, the full node launches the hashnet consensus the top layer. the consensus content the updated full node list, where the oldest full node replaced the new applicant. when the consensus achieved, the updated full node list sent hub node. local full node maintenance compare the full node, there are large number local full nodes, and they should reviewed periodically. this end, use pos+pow+pob+poo automatically determine the applicant's reputation, processing capabilities, bandwidth capabilities, and stability. speci cally, pos the proof stakes, i.e., the applicant submits the proof the number tokens full node. pow proof the work, i.e., the applicant randomly receives hashing problem with speci culty from the full node. the full node records its calculation time evaluate the processing capacity. pob the proof bandwidth, where the full node sends back-to-back data packets measure the applicant's bandwidth. poo the proof online duration, where the applicant submits its longest online duration the full node. finally, the applicant's composite score is: score pos pow pob poo ... where the corresponding weight. according the score ranking, the applicants with top-n score are selected the local full nodes. the local full node periodically updates its comprehensive score the full node. when new round applications begins, the existing local full node and the new applicant jointly compete for the next round local full nodes. after that, the full node partitions local full nodes into multiple subnets through sharding. the details updating local full nodes are shown follows: the applicant submits its proof full node. the full node computes the reputation score the applicant. the score over speci threshold, the full node launches the consensus the top layer. when the apply window closed, the leader full node selects the top-n applicants the local full node candidates next round. the leader full node splits all candidates into multiple shards, each which has the same number nodes. the leader full node launches consensus replacing the candidate shards with the existing shards. when the consensus achieved, the candidates will substitute the existing local full nodes next round. ... sharding after the full node has passed all local applicants for the next round, necessary partition these applicants into multiple shards ensure the scalability the system. number shards the number shards variable that needs carefully weighed. that number very small, the system's transaction con rmation throughput rate cannot ectively improved. that number large enough, the possibility that the subnet attacked malicious nodes greatly increases, and the full nodes have handle large number cross-subnet transactions. this end, set the minimum number nodes each subent extreme cases, the number shards the total number local nodes less than shading details partition local full nodes into multiple shards, hashnet select responsible full node through ba-vrf consensus protocol. the responsible full node determines the number shards based the minimum sharding size, and randomly divides all local full nodes into each subnet. each subnet has unique identi subnet_id, and the corresponding node the subnet pre xed with its subnet subnet_id. assume that there are four subnets the network, and their subnet ids are and respectively. there are four local full nodes the subnet, the corresponding node ,,,. through pre routing, each node able obtain the other node's subnet id. after that, the responsible full node allocates initial neighbor list each local full node. thus, the local full nodes automatically constructs the subnets based their neighbor lists. details are shown follows: the responsible full node determines the number shards based the minimum sharding size, and randomly divides all local full nodes into each shard. the leader full node launches consensus the sharding the top layer. when the consensus achieved, the latest local full node list sent hub node. transaction con rmation each local full node maintains all hashnets from every shard. the transaction con rmation contains four concurrent phases. the rst transaction consensus shard, which means that each transaction consensus completed single shard. the second ledger synchronization among shards, which means the transaction data have share among shards, such that each local full node maintain the global ledger. the third event total order, which means that all consensus events have ordered totally ensure the consistency the global ledger. the fourth event storage, which means save events database help crash recovery. transactions are divided into following four cases: case input output (), the input and output both belong shard case input output output (), the input belongs sharding and two outputs belong shard and respectively. case input input output(), two inputs belong shard and respectively, and the output belongs shard case input input output() +output(), two inputs belong shard and respectively, and two outputs belong shard and respectively. case since the input and output both belong the same shard. for example, alice shard sends inves bob shard the detailed description shown follows: alice sends the transaction local full node shard after ensures the transaction legal, packs the transaction into new event and launches the hashnet consensus. during the hashnet consensus, local full nodes shard send this event local full nodes other shards realize the ledge synchronization. note that, each local full node maintains multiple hashnet views, such that each received event able veri ed. for each local full node, the consensus events erent shards are totally ordered their consensus timestamps. case the input and output belong erent shards. note that, handle this case like the case that is, not distinguish transactions shard and among shards. the advantage that able avoid extra tra overhead among shards and greatly reduce the consensus latency the inputs case and come from erent shards, need get conrmation multiple shards continue the transaction. introduce "lock" and "release" operations guarantee the atomicity the transaction. for example, alice shard and bob shard jointly pay inves lily shard where alice pays inves and bob pays inves. assume that the transaction information generated shard step the transaction information reached consensus shard through hashnet, and two inves the alice account are locked. validity certi cate signed alice generated, and sent shard step there are enough balances bob's account, inves are locked through hashnet. similarly, validity certi cate signed bob generated and sent shard step through hashnet shard the transaction con rmed. step the transaction distributed, con rmed and saved other shards. guarantee the atomicity the transaction, the locked inves will released abnormal case happens. the byzantine agreement consensus based verifiable random function during sharding, ba-vrf used select the responsible full node. ba-vrf consensus mechanism based veri able random function (vrf) and byzantine agreement (ba) algorithm, randomly selects small number full nodes the attester nodes, and determines the priority the attester nodes. ba-vrf executed every one minute. every time when consensus reached, number full nodes will selected attester nodes random. attester nodes have the authority send attester units that must comply with dag consensus' parent-child inter-reference rule. once the attester unit sent the attester node stabilizes the mc, the attester node will get the attestation reward. when transactions are active and new units are generated continuously, attester nodes will receive their attestation rewards timely. suppose that the transactions are less active there new units generated the last one-minute time window. these cases, attester node will receive its attestation reward after the attester unit becomes stabilized unit. meanwhile, those nodes who have not sent attester unit will not get the attestation reward. ... consensus status ba-vrf has two types consensus status: nal consensus and tentative consensus. when full node reaches nal consensus, means that any other full nodes also reach nal consensus, full nodes the same round must agree the same consensus result (tentative consensus), regardless the strong synchronization assumption. tentative consensus means that some full nodes may have reached tentative consensus other attester units, and full node has reached the nal consensus. all attester units must directly indirectly reference the attester units that were generated before, which ensures the security ba-vrf. there are cases where ba-vrf will eventually reach tentative consensus. case suppose the network strongly synchronized. with small probability, attacker may let ba-vrf reach tentative consensus. thus, ba-vrf will not reach nal consensus, and will not con that the network has strong synchronization. but after few rounds, highly probable that the nal consensus will reached. case suppose that the network weakly synchronized. the attacker compromises the entire network, ba-vrf can reach tentative consensus and elects erent sets attester nodes, multiple consensus forks are formed. this will prevent ba-vrf from reaching nal consensus, because the full nodes are divided into erent groups, and the groups not agree with each other. regain activity, ba-vrf will executed periodically until the disagreement resolved. once the network returns strong synchronization status, nal consensus will reached short time. ... selecting full nodes the lottery algorithm constructed the basis veri able random function (vrf) that selects random subset these nodes based the weightings each full node participating the ba-vrf consensus. the probability full node being selected approximately the same the ratio its own weighting total weighting. the randomness the lottery comes from the vrf and publicly veri able random seed. each full node can verify whether selected using the random seed. nition vrf: given arbitrary string, the vrf outputs the hash value and the result the proof. (hash, vrf (seed role) the hash value hash uniquely determined the private key and the given string (seed||role), hash not distinguishable from random number without knowing the sk. the result the proof enables those nodes who know the public key corresponding the can verify whether hash associated with seed not. seed randomly selected and publicly available, the seed each round generated from the seed previous round. the lottery algorithm supports role assignment, such selecting participants certain point during the consensus process. all full nodes execute the lottery algorithm determine whether they are authorized attesters. the selected full nodes broadcast their lottery results other full nodes through the network. note order defend against sybil attack, the probability selecting full node lottery directly proportional the full node's own weighting. full node with high weighting may selected multiple times, for which the lottery algorithm will report the number the full node been selected. full node selected multiple times, will treated multiple erent full nodes. ... byzantine agreement byzantine negotiation (ba) can determine the notarization priority for each selected full node and provide proof notarization priority. the algorithm executed multiple times achieving the byzantine consensus. algorithm, each negotiation begins with lottery. each full node checks whether selected current participant. participant broadcasts message containing the priority selecting notary. after receiving the message, each full node initializes the algorithm. the above process repeats until there are enough full nodes reach consensus certain round negotiation. note that the algorithm not synchronized among erent full nodes. when full node nds the previous steps have nished, should immediately check the results new participant elections. full node allowed participate the next negotiation until all full node vote and reach consensus. important feature the algorithm that participants only need store private keys, rather than maintaining private states. each participant can replaced after each step reduce attacks participants. when the network strongly synchronized, the algorithm guarantees that the nal consensus can reached within few interaction steps all the honest full nodes are initialized with the same content. this case, all the honest full nodes will reach nal consensus the limited interactive steps even there are small number attackers. hash algorithm and signature algorithm against quantum attacks hash algorithm against quantum attacks hash algorithm cryptography, also known hash function hash function, plays important role modern cryptography. the hash algorithm public function that maps any long message shorter, xed-length value called message digest, also known hash, hash, hash value. the structure the hash algorithm shown figure figure hash algorithm schematic order ensure that the data will not altered, the blockchain will save its hash function values addition the original data transaction records. the transaction data the blockchain usually gets the nal merkle hash value after many hashes. the address data the blockchain usually obtained computing hash value and then converting the hash value into string composed numbers and letters through speci coding (such the base code used the bitcoin blockchain). present, the most ective quantum algorithm for attacking hash algorithms the grover's algorithm, which reduces the attack complexity hash algorithm from present, the hash algorithm piremd used the bitcoin system insecure under quantum attack because the output length only bits. ective measure resist the quantum attack increase the output length the hash algorithm. present, generally accepted that the hash algorithm can ectively resist the quantum attack long the output length the hash algorithm less than bits. addition quantum attack threats, series hash functions which are widely used practice (md, md, sha-, and haval) are attacked traditional methods such erential analysis, modular erential analysis, and message modi cation analysis, the hash algorithm blockchain also need consider the traditional attack resistance. earlier blockchain projects such bitcoin, litecoin, and ethereum used sha series algorithms with design aws (but not fatal ones), and the recent blockchain projects all use the national institute standards and technology sha- plan series algorithms. intervalue uses keccak which the winner algorithms the sha-. keccak contains many new concepts and ideas hash function and cryptographic algorithm design, and the design simple and very easy implement hardware. the algorithm was submitted guido bertoni, joan daemen, michael peters, and giles van assche october keccak uses standard sponge structure that maps input bits any length into xed-length output bits. the algorithm very fast, with average speed cycles per byte under the intel core duo processor. shown figure during the absorption phase the sponge structure the algorithm, each message packet xor'ed with the bits inside the state and then packed into -bit data along with the xed bits followed the wheel function and then into the extrusion process. during the squeeze phase, hash value n-bit xed output length can generated iterating through iterations, with only the last round rounding constant erent for each iteration, but this round constants often neglected collision attacks. the algorithm has been shown have very good erential properties, far the third-party cryptanalysis does not show that keccak has security weaknesses. the rst type preimage attack complexity under quantum computer for keccak algorithm therefore, intervalue using keccak algorithm can resist quantum attack. signature algorithm against quantum attacks hash algorithm can ensure that the transaction data not modi ed, but there guarantee simultaneous substitution attacks data and digest, nor does guarantee the non-repudiation transaction data. digital signature algorithm involves public key, private key and wallet and other tools. has two functions: one con rming that this message signed and sent the sender, which guarantees the non-repudiation, and the two con the integrity the message. the technology digital signature encrypt the summary information with the private key the sender and transmit the recipient with the original message. the receiver can decrypt the encrypted digest information only with the sender's public key, and then use hash algorithm generates digest the received message and compares with the decrypted digest. they are the same, the received message complete and has not been modi during the transmission, otherwise the message modi ed. therefore, the digital signature can verify the integrity figure the flowchart keccak algorithm implementation the message and ensure the non-repudiation the message. existing blockchain systems mostly use ecdsa, elliptic curve digital signature scheme which based dsa signature algorithm. the standard ansi, ieee, nist and iso, ecdsa has the advantages small system parameters, fast processing, small key size, strong anti-attack and low bandwidth requirements. for example, bit ecc has the same security strength bit rsa and dsa, while bit ecc has the same security strength bit rsa and dss. for quantum computer there has very cient shor attack algorithm, shor's algorithm suitable for solving large integer decomposition, discrete logarithm inversion and other cult mathematical problems. present, the public-key cryptosystems against quantum attacks mainly include the public-key cryptosystems based lattice theory, the error-correcting code based publickey cryptosystems represented mceliece, and multivariable polynomials based public-key cryptosystems represented mq. the security mceliece based error-correcting code, which safe but low computational ciency. cryptosystem based two variable polynomial equations nite eld. however, its security shortcomings are obvious. contrast, the public key cryptosystem based lattice theory has the advantages conciseness, fast computing speed and small storage space. intervalue uses lattice theory based signature algorithm ntrusign-, the algorithm concrete realization process follows: key generation: select two polynomials and ring such that the numbers the coe cients and are and respectively, compute the public key g(mod q). solve the polynomial (f, that satis the equation and ||f|| ||f|| n/, ||g|| ||g|| n/. signature process: the hash transformation message transformed into polynomial which the polynomials and are polynomial the ring the polynomials the ring are computed satisfy: g*m -f*m =a+q*b and the coe cients each item and are required meet the conditions greater than -q/ and less than q/. the polynomial calculated follows: b(mod the signature computed plaintext using public key veri cation process: hash transformation message into polynomials calculated from the verifying signature and the public key polynomial b(mod calculating the distance between polynomials (s, and ||m s|| ||m t||, the distance greater than normbound then the veri cation fails, otherwise the signature validated. has been shown that the security the ntrusign- signature algorithm ultimately equivalent nding the shortest vector problem -dimensional integer lattice. the shortest vector problem the lattice invalid under the shor's algorithm, the best heuristic algorithm exponential the moment, the time complexity attack ntrusign- signature algorithm about intervalue using ntrusign- algorithm can resist the shor's algorithm attack under quantum compute. anonymous transactions anonymous transactions and privacy protection are essentially properties the electronic currency. however, the existing digital cryptocurrencies from the insu ciency anonymous and private transactions. intervalue designed cryptocurrency with unlinkability and untraceability transactions. blockchain gives new nations unlinkability and untraceability. unlinkability means for any two transactions, should impossible prove that they were sent the same person. untraceability means given transaction input, the real output being redeemed should anonymous among set other outputs. order guarantee unlinkability and untraceability, intervalue introduces the one timesecretkey and the cryptographic primitive called ringsignatures. intervalue design employs strict zero knowledgeproof guarantee the condential transactions. the one-time secret key when using the one-time secret key scheme, unique key pair used for every transaction. sender generates temporary one-time public key based the recipient's address and some randomness. with the temporary public key, transactions key generated, which the transaction address. so, transactions destined the same recipient are fact sent erent one-time public keys. the same time, only the recipient can recover the one-time private keys redeem the funds. the unlinkability can maintained because the randomness erent every transaction. the ring signatures the ring signature digital signature that speci group possible signers such that the veri can't tell which member actually produced the signature. derived from multi-user signature. however, the rings are geometric regions with uniform periphery and center. the ring signature has several advantages such the group administrator, with strong untraceability, etc. the principle ring signature scheme shown fig. when using ring signature, message signed group user, and the veri figure the ring signature cannot know who the target user. for this reason, transactions with ring signature cryptocurrency natural untraceability and privacy resistant. the other hand, transactions with ring signature also ers from double spending problem the target signer hided from group user. the linkable ring signature scheme can used avoid the double spending. the zero-knowledge proof the zero-knowledge proof scheme was originally proposed goldwasser, s.micali and c.racko requiring that for every malicious cient veri there exists cient simulator that can reconstruct the view true interaction with the prover, way that indistinguishable every polynomial-time distinguisher. essentially, the zero-knowledge proof derived from traditional mathematic proof system introducing randomness and interactive variable. for application with zero-knowledge proof, malicious veri problem, which require the veri cannot achieve new knowledge the process veri cation, the main factor avoid. the zcash the rst cryptocurrency using zeroknowledge proof guarantee the con dentiality transactions. the confidential transactions intervalue design anonymous and privacy for con dential transaction. inspired monero, intervalue implements the one-time secret key and ring signature satisfy the require anonymous and privacy. intervalue will implement the strong non-interactive zero-knowledge proof achieve full con dential transactions. smart contract blockchain technology brings system with decentralization, trust, falsication, and high reliability. this environment, the smart contracts are great potential. smart contracts are self-executing contracts with the terms the agreement between buyer and seller being directly written into lines code. the code and the agreements contained therein exist across distributed, decentralized blockchain network. smart contracts permit trusted transactions and agreements carried out among disparate, anonymous parties without the need for central authority, legal system, external enforcement mechanism. they render transactions traceable, transparent, and irreversible. smart contract needs subtle balance between the safety and usability. existing blockchains are mostly monotonous design, seeking for the balance between safety and usability under the restriction given type smart contract, and usually cannot guarantee rich user experience and satisfy various trading demands. the transaction script the bitcoin blockchain early prototype the smart contract. turing-incomplete, with low complexity and light weighted. for the past ten years the bitcoin, its transaction script has never experience any safety compromise. however, the bitcoin transaction script has highly limited function, and can only used for payment veri cation. the ethereum blockchain supports turing-complete smart contract which programmed solidity. enriches the functionality the smart contract and largely extends the application scenarios for the blockchain. unfortunately, ethereum smart contract ers from potential safety hazards. the dao incident famous example that the safety problem the ethereum smart contract leads the split the community. built upon the smart contract and the moses virtual machine (mvm), intervalue takes similar idea the hierarchical design the computer storage system and supports both the declarative turing-incomplete smart contract and the advanced turing-complete smart contract. the users choose between the two kinds smart contracts based their experience and trade demands, hence achieve the balance between the safety, functionality, complexity and cost. the declarative contract easy deploy, with high level safety and close legal contract statements. the advanced contract more cult deploy, and mostly used for developing the dapp with logic higher complexity. the two smart contracts have erent charging schemes. the declarative contract charges according the number bytes being taken, while the advanced contract charges according the number inve tokens being consumed. declarative turing-incomplete smart contract the declarative turing-incomplete smart contract light weighted, easy program, and with low complexity and high level safety. consists statements and boolean expressions, hence close the traditional language legal contract. supports boolean and mathematical operations, well data storage. intervalue provides lot prede ned templates for the user use modify, thus reduced the culty deployment and the level error rate. furthermore, contrast the turing-complete smart contract, has higher level safety. uses the same scheme charging the common trade transactions, which the bytes. usually requires speci level knowledge about programming make smart contract. for the ease use common users, intervalue supports various types declarative turing-incomplete smart contract templates (contract template). all the user needs choose preferred template and the related parameters. the templates can reused, referred other ones. the following example such smart contracts. template hash where the template was defined param value param value despite its low complexity, the declarative turing-incomplete smart contract still capable advanced functionalities such obtaining external data interblockchain communication. the following example obtaining external data. the data submitted alice, bob cara higher than the expected value, the condition true. other than "=", the contract also supports operations like "!=", ">", ">"=, and "<=". complex conditional control can achieved specifying the data source. data feed "bob "cara" data feed name" "=" expected the following shows example the interblockchain communication. bob trades for btc with alice through inve, and the transaction time assigned --. before that time, alice transfers btc bob, the btc oracle will have corresponding record and the contract will trigger. then alice will receive the inve which bob has deposited into the contract beforehand. the exact number inve based the negotiation about the transferring rate alice and bob. alice does not transfer btc before the negotiated time point, bob will get back his deposit. "and address data feed btc "btc from bob "=" ""]] and address "bob data feed timestamper address" datetime "-- advanced turing-complete smart contract the turing-complete smart contract supports the logics goto and loop, thus can enable much richer functionality that the turing-incomplete smart contract. however, also requires more knowledge program and easier have safety issues. result, requires professionals build and test the turing-complete smart contract. protect the network performance from the logic bombs, and provide anti-fraud mechanism, the turing-complete smart contracts longer charge according the bytes being taken but adopt mechanism similar gas which used the ethereum smart contract. when the users call smart contract, they have deposit certain amount gas beforehand. the smart contract being carried out, gas will consumed the instructions the contract are executed. after the smart contract nished, the remaining gas will returned the publisher. all the deposited gas are consumed before the contract nished, the status the contract will rolled back the initial state, and the consumed gas will not returned. intervalue uses newly proposed advanced programming language, which called moses, program the advanced turing-complete smart contract. moses object-oriented and has programming style similar javascript, thus gives ease the huge amount web developers migrate intervalue. with moses, the functionalities the declarative turing-incomplete smart contract can also realized. the unique feature intervalue advanced turing-complete smart contract that supports access data the blockchain. the application scenarios blockchain rapidly expanding, the need accessing data the blockchain also increasing quickly. the ethereum smart contract which only supports on-blockchain data access becoming limited. here, the -blockchain data does not generally refer all the data that not the intervalue blockchain, but speci cally the data distributed storage systems which are based the blockchain technique. this kind data usually have high quality, but involves the problem pro distribution, which requires the use smart contract achieve authentication and granting data access. safe -blockchain data access: moses will have speci cally designed builtin protocols for -blockchain data access. for example, the built-in ipfs protocol speci cally designed for accessing data the ipfs distributed storage system. having the built-in protocol, the data access can constrained, and the risk accessing malicious data/program lowered. the time, intervalue will also build its own distributed storage system, and build the data access protocol. the users who store data the system will pay per the size, hence ensures the data quality. safe -blockchain data usage: moses allows read/write operations the -blockchain data, but not the execute operation. reading the blockchain data, moses supports con gurable business logic. the complexity the advanced turing-complete smart contract lies not only its program logic, but also the business logic. for example, when composing smart contract related legislations, support from legal professionals needed, which cannot provided professional developers. intervalue provides rule-based con guration format which can support store the knowledge speci profession the forms rules the blockchain. reading these docs, the smart contract realizes the business logic the given professional area. the con guration doc speci professional area reusable, thus opens the possibility data exchange market. general, the data provided the users con rmed safe beforehand. moses virtual machine (mvm) both the declarative turing-incomplete smart contract and the advanced turingcomplete smart contract are validated and executed the moses virtual machine. the moses virtual machine adopts stack-based structure. not only can simplify the implementation instructions and compilers, but also can provide outstanding portability. the data structure running mvm shown below. instruction counter: stores the bytecode address the next instruction. virtual machine stack: each time the advanced turing-complete smart contract executed, mvm will create virtual machine stack the instruction dispatching area. the virtual machine stack consists erent stack frames, and each execution and completion smart contract correspond stack and pop process, respectively. native method stack: privately owned the instruction dispatcher. has similar functionality the virtual machine stack and used store the method related information. heap: all the objects the smart contract allocated storage space here. method area: used the mvm load the class, constants and static variables. figure mvm runtime area the advanced turing-complete smart contract already compiled into bytecodes before deployed intervalue, and mvm can directly load and run it. contrast, the declarative turing-incomplete smart contract embedded into the transaction data json, which cannot directly loaded and run mvm. the intervalue client, there will compiler for the declarative turing-incomplete smart contract, which will compile the contract into default contract object bytecode. the bytecode then loaded into mvm and run. take into consideration the system-level protection smart contract from malicious attacks, mvm designed sandbox with strict access control policies. based the implementation the process-level isolation execution environment for bytecode-oriented, white list implemented according the principle least privileges used the security sandbox mvm. each method invoked smart contract codes checked strictly restrict the access rights satisfy its operational functions being designed. and the data the stack and heap stored with strict access control policies for trusted use. smart contract accounts and transactions similar the account ethereum, there are external accounts and contract accounts intervalue. the external contracts are controlled the user, which are used for initiating transaction. the contract accounts are controlled the external accounts, which taking calls from external accounts and other contract accounts initiate the execution the smart contract. the declarative turing-incomplete smart contract embedded into the data transactions initiated external accounts. used for providing constraint conditions for the transaction and has concept accounts. the smart contract account specially refers the account returned after the advanced turingcomplete smart contract deployed. the external accounts and contract accounts have states. for example, the inve token balance and number initiated transactions are both states the accounts. remove the erence between the external account and the contract account, the account sate includes the hash its mvm code, which unchangeable after the advanced turing-complete smart contract deployed. besides, access the user's data stored the blockchain, the account states also includes the repository information blockchain data. intervalue, there are two types transaction fees. the common transactions initiated external accounts charge bytes. the transactions calling smart contract charge number executed instructions. remove the erence between the two kinds charges, two elds similar the gas cap and gas price ethereum are included the transaction data structure unify the charge schemes. for the charges code bytes, the number bytes the transaction given (i.e., the charge known ahead), then can the gas cap and automatically compute the gas price charge the account. when the user sends transaction advanced turing-complete smart contract, the transaction data structure there will eld specifying the mvm code. applications and scenes applications ... distributed social network applications distributed social network application based block chain technology and distributed technology, order achieve decentralization, free access any social network world, which not ected any organization. erent from traditional social networks, distributed social networks have concept server. all social data are scored the distributed computers. anyone needs only pair asymmetric keys publish contents. everyone can the publisher's computer the network through the publisher's private key, and download the site's data. after more and more people visiting, number computers will save the publisher's contents. the computers that have visited your home page will start seed your site. like the seeds know, the contents your site are alive countless computers. long there computer network connected with your site's seed, your contents will not disappear. moreover, when the network big enough, your contents are not completely deleted, and they will immortal with the internet world. the distributed social network has become very ordinary because its pp's non-central host features. you not need rent the host register the urls. all you need generate random site address according the html code, and publish other computer. ... divergent contract trading applications the nition divergent contract trading applications that disagreed trading market. for example, the traditional "beijing single eld lottery" disagreed trading market, where the user disagreed the team's victory defeat. the divergent contract trading applications based intervalue can achieve win-win ecosystem from elds. technology providers: providing all technologies the entire platform, platform operators: transforming the front-end interface, and providing multilingual operations, divergent designers: nding divergences, designing divergent contracts, contract market makers: providing liquidity, divergent traders: buying and selling divergent contracts, balancing risk, and earning pro ... file storage grid applications file storage grid commercial public chain platform, which rst provides basic services for individual data storage. individuals can publish their data the chain. based massive individual data, the platform realizes the decentralized data collection, sharing and governance, developing various kinds professional dapp. the platform creates ecological system for decentralized data storage, convergence, sharing, governance, al. distributed data storage platform based storage grid, secure, extensible commercial public chain infrastructure, credit system. the goal the big data ecological chain realize distributed storage and large-scale decentralized applications. moreover, the big data ecological chain has the following characteristics over the traditonal public chain. programmability, extensibility, upgradability, transaction manageability, visibility, ordability, safety, speed performance, high reliability, ductility. scenes ... outline scenes the main scenes intervalue are follows: digital currency; extensive nancial application; non- nancial applications. applications. digital currencies the main application scenes digital currencies are follows: asset issuance; crowdfunding. third party extensive nancial application the main application scenes digital currencies are follows: crossborder payment, supply chain nance, digital bill; asset securitization, bank reference, insurance. non- nancial applications medical care: electronic health (ehr) dna wallet, drug counterfeitproof. internet things: supply chain management, sharing economy, energy management. copyright cultural entertainment: copyright, authentication and tracing image, intellectual property registration, decentralization digital rights management. public service education: public audit, land right, public welfare project, educational information registration. the speci applications chain are follows: virtual assets: game equipment, live broadcast reward, conditional payment: pay for knowledge, api call, centralization insurance, etc., privacy deals: betting, gambling, etc., ex-pit transaction: currency exchange, social transactions: group red packets, group receipts, sharing economy: content distribution (cdn) incentive, advertising division. ... physical asset transaction authentic right joint signature the asset owner and the right institution jointly sign the asset information ensure that the authority approves the true information the block chain. the asset owner registers the assets the block chain, and the con rmation authority makes joint signature the right information after the investigation and determination the assets. figure the scene chain block chain plus digital certi cate present, digital certi cates are mainly applied industries related asset exchange, such nance, e-commerce, securities, insurance, and payment and on. these industries provide real estate based strong identity authentication, online operation anti repudiation and anti-counterfeiting based the electronic signature. the physical assets transaction authentic right, can apply for the certi cate ecc the agency. the address block chain corresponds public key. this public key corresponds the corresponding digital certi cate. the authority approves this digital certi cate. digital identity could authenticated long the digital certi cate published the block chain. then carry out the asset information registration the block chain, including assets category, name, total amount, owner, permissions and other information, and con the entity assets approved the authorized authority. ... decentralized travel service platform the bottlenecks the current travel service platform are: trust system: the current travel market centralized data storage, for example, platforms like tripadvisor, dianping, and priceline. they all control centralized data for the purpose business and advertising, and cannot guarantee the user experience. feedback comes from disparate and subjective places and many cases fake bought this particular problem where positive reviews can bought for next nothing. order maintain greater bene ts, these platforms charge large number intermediate costs rather than creating better travel services for the resource providers and consumers. custom travel: finding trusted and relevant lifestyle services experiences your travels requires trawling through glut irrelevant, often outdated and sometimes fake information multiple touch-points. time consuming and painful. how you information that relevant people like you and people who travel like you? this not just inconvenience studies show travelers want more personalised relevant information and massive travellers general feel stressed with overwhelming information, while feel crippled indecision wasting hours research. existing methods are skewed, noisy subjective search and reviews model broken. block chain performance: the traditional block chain technology solve most the monetary system; its performance usually cannot meet the actual application scenarios. technology represented bitcoin usually supports only seven transactions per second. the technology represented the eth only about transactions per second. traditional block chain technology cannot support such huge global travel market. view the above features, the main innovation scheme the decentralized travel service platform based intervalue public chain follows: trust system: based block chain technology, skip the platform intermediary erence directly connect travel consumers and travel resources suppliers. from travel planners, airlines, hotel accommodation and reservations, build future travel service ecology based trust, incentive and zero commission. based smart contracts technology, travel planners, airline tickets, hotel accommodation, etc. are booked with inve. travel resources suppliers not have pay any commission reduce their operating costs. users will use lower prices get better services. custom travel: intervalue matches users the best-personalized local experiences services powered proprietary data science and driven crypto. frictionless intervalue cuts out the noise, enabling our users discover book immediate high-quality local services experiences matched their preferences, users can book reserve directly through the platform. additionally intervalue does not rely long and subjective reviews, instead creating curating meta-scoring and true representations experiences through transactions using smart technology. intervalue focuses heavily personalization and nding peers who have interests and tastes similar make information matches relevant possible. intervalue uses multiple layers data including contexts, environment, behaviors and multiple other data points create complete picture the "match". the ecosystem grows intervalue will open this out more for user cohorts publicly called "travel squads" selectively recommend and enjoy experiences with well engage and help build the intervalue ecosystem and community. block chain performance: intervalue public chain travel based block chain technologies and uses the dag consensus algorithm make transactions faster and adapt the huge travel market the world. intervalue public chain travel uses non-turing complete declarative smart contracts system. smart contracts are made declarative and complete boolean statements, closer the traditional legal contract language, supporting boolean operations, mathematical operations, data storage and on. intervalue creating robust business model that incentivizes providers and industry leaders with existing customer bases, join the intervalue network and drive tra the network. intervalue can built network over lots providers who will join the platform. these providers include everything the traveler will want locally when they are their travels from dining, private drivers, nightlife, experiences and beyond. providers are able their goods and services across the intervalue loyalty network, turn earning inve. intervalue creates unique solution for travel markets based the inve revolutionizing the way people book experiences and use loyalty. intervalue will allow users exchange their loyalty across the platform for discounts, real goods and experiences well exchanging loyalty with other users. are allowing the user take more control their loyalty while giving providers and brands the opportunity engage users every part their journey. intervalue uses "genuine rating", which means only those, who did transacted with providers engaged loyalty with them are able provide feedback. this enables base reviews and feedback real successful transactions not assumptions, marketing information paid reviews. feedback also taken contextual manner around the user, provider and conditions. this feedback builds the immutable blockchain, and later governed understand the complete data picture. this means that reviews are lot less likely faked, and that the platform increases its credibility and maintains solid authenticated data, unlike many platforms that currently exist. intervalue creates quanti reputation system aggregate reputation data and report trust scores for providers. intervalue will able employ the chain collect sentiment and metadata accurately indicate the relevant feedback the relevant party. for providers funds are released per ful lment smart contract written intervalue, and the credentials tied stored the blockchain. both executing transaction and potentially the future connections the smart contract will release payment triggers. this means release payments providers much quicker and more cient than they would otherwise providing greater satisfaction vendors and providers. ultimately, intervalue becoming "full-stack" cryptocurrency-enabled travel destination marketplace. are able easily manage and automate large part availability between all the markets operate with large database that updated live with all its availability. the decentralization our loyalty allows for scale and the ability give ownership and loyalty earning ability back users while creating new ways for brands, providers and companies can engage customer's loyalty. the power behind intervalue the inve digital token. all activity the network revolves around inve, from serving the primary form for fees and collaterals, serving the main currency used for purchasing experiences, goods services, predicting rewarding loyalty. inve the driver sustainable economy where demand grows more users and providers join the ecosystem. ... asset dividend trading block chain based the block chain technology, are going realize the block chain ecosystem asset dividend trading. provide safe and convenient trading platform for assets enable asset owners raise funds through assets. buying assets gain adding value the assets obtain bonus. the system operators provide the due diligence the assets value, legitimacy and pro tability the whole system, and realize the transaction the rights dividends through the packaging, listing and chains high-quality assets. use block chain issue digital currency for asset trading. transactions can carried out between asset owners and asset investors, between investors. figure the ecological asset transactions role division the asset owner: listing assets and selling assets raise funds. after the assets are listed, the corresponding bonus rules will announced. once assets are sold, equivalent signing smart contracts the two sides according the rules, and promoting automatic execution when conditions are triggered. listing agencies: equivalent the market maker, the assets the owners should listed the chain assets perform the due diligence, release the pro and appreciation assets. they have lower extraction asset transactions support the due diligence. assets block chain: the information the block chain can not been manipulated. the smart contracts are implemented give asset dividends and asset trading. asset investors: they use idle capital invest assets gain dividends, pro asset appreciation. miners: they provide the computing and storage resources for digital currency incentives. digital currencies investors: they pro hoarding and trading digital currencies. digital currency trading platform: they intermediaries for digital currency transactions realize digital currencies. smart contracts use turing complete high-level language implementation the smart contract, which facilitates the implementation and veri cation the contract's content both parties. quickly and test smart contracts the development environment advanced languages. the bytecode compiled high-level language can also encrypted certain extent for smart contracts. the execution the contract requires the environment the advanced language. only using the block chain storage and smart veri cation contract, the contract executed block chain contracts the proxy server the proxy server, after veri cation the contract node block chain for smart agents and provide contract execution environment. the contract only the code achieve. the proxy server receives external data and transmits the data the dynamic loading contract code, runs the contract code according the time node provided the contract itself, and the contract can access the external public data during the operation. the asset trading system, smart contract also provides for the asset investments before trading and the asset owners signing smart contracts. the investment shall have the right opt out the assets sold property owners. asset trading process the asset transaction solution based block chain can store user data and transaction data the asset trading market, solve the problems center, transparent transactions, and trust and on. share out bonus process the block chain adopts the smart contract solve the problem automatic dividends. when the asset parameters conform the dividend conditions, the part the assets the asset owner's account allocated the account the asset investor dividends. cross-chain communication and multi-chain merging introduction cross-chain technology existing blockchain projects cannot ectively serve commercial applications. one reason that the capacity blockchain limited and the speed transaction con rmation very slow, and the other important reason that single blockchain project isolated value network. the problem network isolation extremely restricts the potential block chain technology, the interoperability between existing block chain projects hard implemented. blockchain project aiming the interconnection value, intervalue realizes not only the interconnection value between its users but also the interconnection value between existing block chain projects. the goal intervalue change the status that each blockchain project independent and realize the ubiquitous interconnection value eventually. cross-chain communication becoming hot topic the research blockchain. there exist three cross-chain technologies: notary schemes, sidechain/relays and hash-locking. notary schemes, group credible nodes act notaries verify whether speci event has happened blockchain and prove the nodes blockchain interledger proposed ripple lab representative notary scheme. blockchain enables verify the data coming from blockchain blockchain called sidechain. sidechains are usually based tokens anchored certain blockchain, while other blockchains can exist independently. existing sidechain projects are unable construct cross-chain smart contract and support all kinds nancial functions, which the reason that these blockchain projects fail make progress the realms stock, bond and nancial derivatives markets. the famous bitcoin-sidechains include btc relay (proposed consensys), rootstock and elementchain (proposed blockstream), and the other sidechains, not for bitcoin, include lisk and asch. relay chain technology temporarily locks number tokens original blockchain transferring them multi-signature address the original blockchain, and these signers vote determine whether the transactions happen the relay chain are valid not. polkadot and cosmos are representative relay chain technologies. hash-locking mechanism carry out payment locking some time guess the plaintext hash value, which derives from lightening networks. however, hash-locking supports limited number functions. although supports cross-chain asset exchange and cross-chain asset encumbrance most scenarios, not usable for cross-chain asset portability and cross-chain smart contract. the comparison these three cross-chain technologies shown table table the comparison cross-chain technologies cross-chain technique notary schemes sidechain/relays hash-locking interoperability types all all (if relays exist both chains; otherwise one-way causality only) cross-dependency only trust model majority notaries honest chains not fail get attacked" chains not fail get attacked" usable for crosschain exchange yes yes yes usable for crosschain asset portability yes (but requires universal long-term notary trust) yes usable for crosschain oracles yes yes not directly usable for crosschain asset encumbrance yes (but requires long-term notary trust) yes many cases, but with difficulty full-node adapter multi-chain merging existing projects focus how improve trading throughput and speed, but ignore the platform lock-in problem. for example, alice and bob have installed the bitcoin client application, and they can only transfer bitcoins the bitcoin blockchain. they want transfer eth, the eth client application needs installed for both alice and bob. this platform lock-in problem causes inconvenient switching among erent chains, which impacts user experience. besides, use multiple public chains simultaneously, users need equip servers with high memory and storage, which cost much money. intervalue adopts full-node adapter multi-chain merging technique connect erent blockchains. speci cally, the uni entrance, intervalue uses the full node merging adaptor trigger the transactions the external subnet (btc, eth) the local full node network composed external subnet and internal subnet. the external subnet mainly includes other chain networks, such btc, eth and on. the internal subnet mainly includes the piecewise network intervalue. the top-level network mainly composed higher nodes all nodes. figure full-node adapter multi-chain merging deploy the multi-chain merging module the full node, which acts the transaction proxy the external subnet (btc, eth) the early stage, intervalue will support the proxy transaction among bitcoin and ethereum. take bitcion proxy transaction example, the transaction information shown follows: cross chain bob "bitcoin txproxy transaction hash idnex version locktime vin "utxo hsah index vout asm "asm string value" hex "hex string value sequece sequence value vout value ":. scriptpubkey asm script code" hex "hex string value" reqsigs type pubkeyhash addresses "bob .... want support the proxy transaction ethereum, the only thing need change the domain txproxy. note that, implement the multi-chain merging, users intervalue have register accounts the other public chains. when user wants trade the other chains, he/she selects the target chain, inputs the transaction value, and launches the proxy transaction. after the proxy transaction con rmed intervalue, the full node obtain this transaction, extracts the information from the txproxy domain, broadcasts the transaction the target chain. thus, intervalue completes the proxy transaction and achieves multi-chain merging. cross-chain communication intervalue not only self-contained blockchain network but also bridge support cross-chain communication functions, such cross-chain asset exchange and cross-chain asset portability. using intervalue platform, anyone can develop nancial applications accordance with the requirements application scenarios. the basic idea the intervalue cross-chain technology adopting relay chain thoughts and implementing the cross-chain communication module full node overlay layer over the basic chain intervalue. this technology roadmap, not only keep the independence cross-chain interoperability but also reuse all kinds functions ered the basic chain intervalue. the cross-chain communication module intervalue includes three types nodes: veri cation nodes, block-aware nodes and merging nodes. their respective functions are listed below: the veri cation nodes are the notary nodes the basic chain intervalue. they verify the validity data coming from some original blockchain and construct new blocks intervalue. the veri cation nodes have mortgage enough asset guarantee that they will their jobs loyally. the block-aware nodes help the veri cation nodes gather valid crosschain communication block. these nodes, similar the miners pow, run full client some original blockchain, construct new blocks and execute transactions. after receiving cross-chain transaction request blocks, the block-aware nodes pack these request blocks and send them the veri cation nodes. the merging nodes act like the gateway between intervalue and other original blockchains. each merging node has two queues which respectively handle incoming transactions and outgoing transactions. addition, the merging figure intervalue cross-chain technology nodes should have some tokens original blockchains and support crosschain oracle. cross-chain asset exchange clearly explain the process cross-chain asset exchange, take the exchange bitcoin and ethereum examples. suppose that alice wants convert btc eth. meanwhile, bob wants convert eth into btc. the asset exchange between alice and bob shown follows: alice sends her btc multisig account the relay chain intervalue. the block-aware node bitcoin chain responsible for monitoring the cross-chain communication. after the block-aware node captures the block containing the transaction alice, packs the block header new unveri block, and sends the new block veri cation node. after the veri cation node receives the new block, veri whether the block has been committed the bitcoin chain. yes, the veri cation node generates new contract and write the relay chain intervalue. bob sends his eth multisig account the relay chain intervalue. the block aware node ethereum chain captures the block containing the transaction bob. then packs the block header new unveri block, and sends the new block veri cation node. after the veri cation node receives the new block, veri whether the block has been committed the bitcoin chain. yes, the veri cation node gen- erates new contract and write the relay chain intervalue. meanwhile, the veri cation node checks whether there matching request with bob, and nds alice's request. the veri cation node generates two new contracts. one "sending btc bob's bct account. the other "sending eth alice's eth account". the two contracts are sent the queue the merging node the bitcoin chain and ethereum chain, respectively. the merging node the bitcoin chain and the ethereum chain read their corresponding queue, and send btc and eth bob and alice, respectively. thus, the cross-chain asset exchange completes. cross-chain asset transfer clearly explain the process cross-chain asset transfer, take the transfer from bitcoin ethereum for example. suppose that alice wants transfer btc bob's eth account. the asset transfer from alice bob shown follows: alice sends btc the merging node the relay chain intervalue. the block-aware node bitcoin chain captures the block containing the transaction alice, packs the block header new unveri block, and sends the new block veri cation node. after the veri cation node receives the new block, veri the block containing the transaction alice has been committed the bitcoin chain. based the cross-chain oracle, the merging node bitcoin chain exchanges btc the corresponding inve. then the merging node bitcoin chain sends the inve the merging node ethereum chain the backbone intervalue. the veri cation node intervalue veri the transaction between the merging node bitcoin chain and the merging node ethereum chain. based the cross-chain oracle, the merging node ethereum chain exchanges the received inve token the corresponding eth token and sends the eth token bob. team and planning foundation intervalue foundation non-pro organization. through the establishment related departments, the foundation committed the development intervalue and manages the open source, community construction and deliberations intervalue improvement. moreover, make the project run better, the foundation also committed the nance, team building and external relations. the organization structure intervalue foundation shown figure figure the organization structure intervalue foundation intervalue decision-making committee: responsible for the management and decision-making major issues, including the development important strategic directions intervalue, the appointment and dismissal executive committee members, the election the executive committee leader and the heads the departments. members this committee are appointed for term three years and can re-elected, and the committee has chairman. the rst members the decision-making committee will voted the intervalue founding team and committee representatives, which takes annual rotation. intervalue executive committee: responsible for managing the work each department, such building open platform consuming-serving network, ning rules supervision, decomposing the objective the decision-making committee, executing and supervising the work each department. the detail responsibility intervalue executive committee show follows: strategic partner management: managing strategic partners and coordinating partner resources. technical research center: responsible for the development underlying technology protocols, blockchain system design and development, testing, iteration, standards development, etc. developer community: providing developers with education, training, technical support and other services. the same time, runs the community provide platform for development and communication. dapp management and audit: responsible for auditing all dapps that have joined intervalue ensure dapp compliance the intervalue platform, which conducive platform ecosystem health. market and public airs: including market development, user nurturing and management public airs. operation and support: including management four more departments, such nance, legal, personnel and administrative departments. the nancial department responsible for nance use and review, legal airs responsible for the foundation's compliance, well the preparation and review various documents, prevent possible various types legal risks, and administrative and personnel departments are responsible for personnel, salary and daily administrative work. team member new team members join later, will update this list below. barton chao leo cheung xinwen jiang ceo, deputy director xidian university blockchain application and test laboratory, distinguished researcher zhejiang university blockchain research center. blockchain industry practitioner, ph.d., senior expert pp, cryptography, network security and blockchain. pioneering developer blockchain since his main work contains researching underlying technologies blockchain, combining block chain with industry, and applying blockchain technology actual application scene. since has planned and developed number blockchain related projects, has profound understanding and rich practical experience the technical principle the blockchain, the underlying technology, the middle-layer protocol, applications the chain, application scenes, development trends and etc. cto, ph.d., visiting scholar hong kong university science technology. his main research areas are computing, cient management big data, intelligent analysis, deep learning and etc. has published over high-level papers, monographs and has led and participated high-level scienti research projects. has been engaged structure design system and has deep understanding the double layer structure topology. the scientist intervalue, professor the computer science department the national university defence technology (china) and the computer engineering department xiangtan university (china). his research mainly focuses computational complexity and cryptographic algorithms. has presided china's national sciences foundation well other national-level organizations and participated over major national-level scienti projects. won one rst-prize, two second-prizes, and one third-prize china's ministry science and technology awards, published two books, one thesis and more than research papers scienti journals. his work the most fundamental and complex problem cryptography, versus np", brought some progress and received lot attention. his long-term lectures include, among others, "computational complexity", "applied cryptography", "mathematical logic", "algorithm design and analysis". parallel teaching, explored the practice discipline-building and the theory education principles, obtaining awards for his achievements national-level. has published nearly research papers about teaching journals such computer education. received the military talent award twice. chief architect, ph.d., dedicated distributed computing, cloud computing, and machine learning. has published over high level papers home and abroad. the area distributed computing, has deep understanding the scalability, reliability and elasticity distributed systems. the area blockchain, has deep understanding and practical experience the blockchain principle and technology. roger max jason loong cso, ph.d. computer science and technology, senior expert blockchain, machine learning and network security. has deep understanding smart contracts, active learning and deep learning. hosted and participated more than scienti research projects including the national natural science foundation and provincial ministerial level research. besides, published more than academic papers indexed sci and ei. andy tang intervalue eco construction leader, ph.d., main research direction for machine learning, intelligent information processing, information systems, has published more than papers. has long been engaged large-scale information systems and distributed application development, and has rich experience product and complex system design. since has been engaging with blockchain technology and blockchain related application, and has deep understanding the blockchain ecosystem. storm zhang master engineering, senior programmer, blockchain tech expert. has worked ibm's system technology department and sina's big data department for many years, and has extensive hadoop and map reduce development experience. was exposed bitcoin since and familiar with the principle cryptocurrency and the store docking program for the exchange wallet. the technical director renrenbao. currently, focusing the direction smart contracts and blockchain applications. scott guo cmo, worked for vieda, red net, alibaba and tencent marketing director. years experience internet product and service operations. over the past ten years, has been committed the internet and big data and intelligence the eld research and applications. the past years, has been charge and participated large-scale system development projects such government and large enterprises. has strong government and large enterprise service and cooperation experience. responsible for the company's overall brand planning and marketing department organization. skilled grasping market opportunities, maintaining market sensitivity, rationally deploying internal and external relationships. responsible for formulating, controlling, adjusting and amending strategies. basing the company's brand positioning and industry characteristics, proposes innovative cooperation method that erent from the traditional model and ultimately implements rational and ective manner. investor relations leader, master degree. worked for avic international holding and youe data company's representative both oversea and domestic. build connection with local governments and develop market. develop and implement several government's projects. recently, dedicate himself big data and blockchain industry. with international vision and profound experience government cooperation. isda chen project consultant project consultant list will continuously updated. allen daxue zongbin wang mr. has accumulated rich experience software product development, technology research and development, and team management. has served one the main leaders the product technology committee alibaba group and chief architect yahoo china. prior this, was involved leading number system software, e-commerce, and mobile internet projects ibm, silicon valley, and beijing internet corporation. the same time, also senior expert arti cial intelligence algorithms, npl, and distributed databases. mr. has the unique grasp and fruitful experiences the technology and operation the internet. experts technical architecture design and technical team management. joined jingdong's technical research and development system and let jingdong's business achieved times growth times according development technology. founded magcloud digital technology, let the company became technology nance company with core blockchain, and became industry leader quickly. was rewarded "national model worker" state council; honored "zhongguancun leading figures"; honored the most famous cto"; was selected "leading china big data industry process and honored "most technical leader" china internet weekly principal consultant the blockchain industry, former associate professor the renmin university china. studied the berkeley university business school california from cooperates with local governments all the year round build public service platform for nine industrial clusters such aviation, automobile, rail transportation, petroleum equipment, titanium and machine tools. moreover, builds public service platform for about industrial parts. zhiqi han leo bill dai wenli mr. han the member the beijing youth entrepreneurs association, ucsi mba. founded stanley ventures and has served many domestic large-scale internet companies, such sohu, sina, and fenzong. helped complete multiple mergers and acquisitions. one the earliest organizations china, successively served the nancing number internet companies, such tuniu tourism, jiamei dental, lvchuang environmental protection, etc., and the total amount exceeded million u.s. dollars. from mr. han started invest digital currency, and had engaged more than token projects, such eos, kyber network, raiden network, smartmesh, meshbox, status, bluzelle, tezos, nebulas, tenx, and on. founding partner whales capital. leo received his ph.d. degree microelectronics from chinese academy sciences and bachelor's degree biomedical engineering from beihang university. previously worked for china development bank venture capital, tsinghua holdings capital, prometheus capital and delong capital. leo accumulated extensive experiences the past ten years private equity investment. mainly focusing tmt and blockchain. partner beijing detai jiufang assets management center and assistant president jide holding co., ltd. director zhongguancun private equity association. was the executive director wuxi aerospace high-energy internet equity investment fund, the vice president beijing junyuan capital management co., ltd. and the chief investment cer datang huayin electricity co., ltd. has more than years investment and management experience and pro cient private equity investment and industrial investment. familiar with securities investment and corporate nance, understands investments real estate, futures and nancial derivatives, and familiar with strategic management companies and the management listed companies and small enterprises. worked big investment bank north america with merger and reorganization enterprises over ten years. has rich experience acquisition listed companies, hostile takeover, asset acquisition, corporate debt restructuring, and value assessment company and asset. personally dominated and participated number ten billions merger cases. supporter block chain, mr. has involved number block chain projects. yugui wang current supervisor minsheng bank and has been non-executive director since minsheng bank's establishment. was the general manager the china shipowners mutual assurance association and led the company become the world's largest company and founding shareholder minsheng bank. used serve executive director china maritime law association, china service trade association, director minsheng securities co., ltd., supervisor haitong securities co., ltd., and arbitrator china international trade promotion committee maritime arbitration commission. mr. wang was director and supervisor china everbright bank and part-time lawyer beijing jingwei law firm. managing director china merchants securities investment bank. weiye lizhi ran founder roots capital, zhongguancun outstanding angel investor, member zhenghe island. has been involved venture capital and private equity investment for more than years. served executive vice president qingke group and managing director qingke capital which the investment banking department qingke group. qingke group chinese famous integrated service provider vc/pe area. has participated nearly investment and nancing transactions for internet companies (e.g., baihe network, ganji network and siku luxury, etc.) and established several companies, such amovo magic kiss chocolate brand and business state. after building qiyuan captital, led the investment tens companies, such xiaoneng technology, sensoro yunzi, redu medium and yami, etc. also the director many famous pre-ipo internet companies (e.g., siku luxury junmin zhou jun sun hui wang co-founder deya village manangment consulting (beijing) co., ltd., deputy secretary-general science and technology chamber commerce shanghai federation industry and commerce and chief blockchain special committee, shanghai alumni association co-founder. has more than ten years product development and management experience and eight years nancial investment experience the elds nance, communications and internet. senior product manager and has worked such well-known domestic companies beida fangzheng and baoxin software and high-end think tanks such the national strategy research institute. yalian advisory group president, senior consulting expert nancial management/senior lecturer china banking regulatory commission training center. has worked for major domestic nancial institutions and international famous standardization organizations and has led his team successfully provide advisory and training services regulators and nearly one hundred nancial institutions. has also participated lecturer many training sessions process banks and new capital conventions held china banking regulatory commission. one the main drafters multiple regulatory guidelines china banking regulatory commission. zhong capital co-founding partner, chief risk control cer. independent director huajing securities, expert member the economic responsibility auditing professional committee the beijing institute certi public accountants, and member the beijing institute certi public accountants. used partner reanda certi public accountants, nancial controller nasdaq listed company, and director china huajing electronics group. founding partner and ceo benrui capital. has many years experience investment and management. has strong understanding private equity investment and secondary market securities. has been involved the nancing many major internet companies. has known bitcoin since and has helped fund several blockchain and mining projects since bruce lee consultant institution strategic partners list will continuously updated. roots cap: china's leading angel investment fund which focuses emerging technology industries such big data, nance, consumer upgrades, enterprise services, intelligent hardware (vr ar), big creative writing and big health. has successfully invested dozens early projects, involving big data, e-commerce, intelligent hardware, online travel, consumption upgrade and cultural entertainment, etc., which the projects receives new round investment. benrui capital: initiated and established blockchain industry technical experts, professional investors, and vc/pe practitioners, focusing technologydriven investment the blockchain eld. whales capital: professional venture capital fund which mainly focuses blockchain. seeking companies projects with big market, leading technology and talented team. believe value investment and empowerment investment. genesis capital: focusing the block chain industry and committed mining the best projects early stage. one the top crypto currency funds china.it has already invested around blockchain-related projects. obsidian capital: european famous venture capital institution. other strategic partners include: crypto laboratory,ok crypto,bigcoin capital,eyu captial,re exion capital,hello captial,starwin capital,skyline capital, cloud chain capital and on. roadmap figure roadmap the roadmap intervalue consists two phases: development phase and production phase. after four times iterative upgrade the development phase, intervalue will shaped accordance with our vision and enters into the production phase. q-q: will release intervalue and its software kits. this version supports dag mining, double consensus, anonymous communication and smart contract. q-q: will release intervalue changing the dag graph previous versions into hashnet, which will promote the capacity intervalue and increase the transaction speed hundreds thousand tps. q-q: will release intervalue which develop turing's complete smart contracts, implement cross-chain communication and multi-chain convergence the basis version will release intervalue and its software kits. this version highlighted quantum-attack resistance replacing the signature algorithm and hash algorithm the previous version, also supports anonymous privacy protection based zero-knowledge proof and ring signature. from the releas intervalue will apply intervalue platform some application scenes, such medical industry, internet things, copyright, culture and entertainment, public service, education and on. will explore the application intervalue with the community and expand its application areas. token token utility intervalue aims build comprehensive and full-featured blockchain underlying technology platform, which supports commercial organizations and governmental agencies construct public blockchain, consortium blockchain and private blockchain satisfy their respectively business features and requirements. order support public blockchain, intervalue introduces token policy the incentive layer realize exible consensus schemes. the built-in token named inve stimulates the community maintain the public blockchain intervalue and develop dapps, and then increases the value the public blockchain intervalue and promotes intervalue's network ect. the public blockchain intervalue, the utilities inve tokens are listed below: stimulating the majority users trade their asset intervalue network earn transaction fees and notarization fees, which improves the security intervalue network; supporting mining rewarding transaction nodes and notary nodes; used equity measurement realize the double consensus architecture proposed intervalue: basic dag consensus and ba-vrf consensus the early development phase; hashnet consensus and ba-vrf consensus later stage; supporting the ecosystem intervalue realize advanced smart contract, which supplies anti-fraud schemes prevent "logic bomb" from uencing network ect; playing the role base currency the ecosystem intervalue, which endows the tokens dapps with corresponding features and lays foundation asset liquidity; acting escrow fees manage dapp the public blockchain intervalue and improve the popularity dapps; used develop additional network functions and improve the scalability the platform. token issuance inve the abbreviation for the base token intervalue, and equal atom, that is, inve= atoms. atom the smallest unit inve token, and well used the transaction fee for advanced smart contract and smart contract based cross-chain transaction. the total amount inve token billion, which billion issued mining reward through dag mining and the rest reserved for foundation, project development, project promotion and team building. billion that were used create foundations, billion were ecological construction funds, which used for intervalue's eco-investment; the remaining million were inve funds, which aims ensure the normal operation the foundation's work. the project fundraising planned launch ethereum and the issued erc tokens can converted into inve tokens ratio when the main chain intervalue cially launched. the arrangement inve overall distribution and reserve inve token distribution are shown figure figure inve overall distribution ordinary users need send transactions through local full nodes. order prevent malicious users from having malicious ddos attacks, ordinary user has perform low-level pow calculation before initiating transaction. after that, submits the transaction the local full node for processing. the local full node participating the transaction con rmation veri whether the hash the transaction satis the mining culty. once the transaction veri and stabilized, the local full node which sends event containing the transaction can obtain the corresponding number inves rewards. order reward the contribution full nodes and local full nodes the consensus the entire network, billion inves are generated mining rewarding way. meanwhile, every time normal user initiates transaction, certain fee will incurred for the transaction. the bene ciary the fee the local full node that responsible for the con rmation the transaction. the upper limit the fee proportional the size the transaction, and the speci transaction fee dynamically adjusted the corresponding local full node. accumulated distribution amount(million) distribution amount within transaction interval (million) the distribution inve throngh mining transaction interval(million) figure the distribution inve through mining reward for the first billion transactions the billion inves issued through the mining reward distributed local full nodes and full nodes, and the reward decreases with increases the batch number transactions. the mining reward transaction inves when the transaction included the rst batch (including the rst million transactions with total issuance volume billion), inve tokens when the transaction falls into the second batch (the range from the million transaction the million transaction and the total issuance volume billion) and inve tokens when the transaction falls into the third bath (the range from the million transaction the billion transaction and the total issuance volume billion). the fourth batch and the subsequent batches are divided every billion transactions. the mining reward inves/transaction the fourth batch, and decreases successively half each the subsequent batches. the distribution inve through mining (taking the rst billion transactions example) shown figure total mining reward lim billion billion(s billion, the distribution mining reward local full nodes and full nodes takes the duty cycle responsible full node settlement cycle, which begins after the last event the settlement cycle reaches the consensus con rmation. the initial allocation mining rewards based the rule, which written into the system contract parameter. the responsible full node collects all the information transactions which are sent its duty cycle, calculates the total mining rewards according the distribution principle mining reward mentioned above, and initiates consensus process the full node network. the setting mining reward distribution cycle (divided transaction number) comprehensively considers the advantage the dag chain data structure used intervalue project transaction con rmation speed and the project's postdevelopment advantage (i.e., the acceptance project concepts and community maturity). figure cumulative growth trend transactions (bitcoin, ethereum and byteball) the advantage transaction con rmation speed: without considering the advantage post-development, the volume transactions that the project can complete unit time mainly ected the transaction con rmation speed. bitcoin and byteball are pioneering projects single-stranded blockchain data structure and dag chain data structure, respectively, and they have post-development advantage their respective blockchain technology categories. shown figure the cumulative growth bitcoin and byteball transactions grew very slowly during the rst three years after project launching, but the amount transactions done the byteball project the rst full year was signi cantly higher than bitcoin (as shown figure -), which shows that using dag chain data structure improve the speed transaction con rmation conducive improving the transaction volume the project. therefore, our intervalue project has inherent advantage increasing transaction volume. the advantage post-development: the post-development advantage the project has signi cant role increasing transaction volume. shown figure first-year trading volume after project launching(bitcoin, ethereum and byteball) figure ethereum, the successor bitcoin, took advantage the project's post-development advantage achieve growth rate comparable bitcoin the rst three years after project launching. addition, the rst full year after project launching, the volume transactions completed ethereum was far more than two orders magnitude higher than the transaction volume bitcoin. therefore, the post-development advantage using dag chain data structure leads intervalue having great potential for increasing transaction volume. taking into account the advantages the above two aspects, with reference the fact that ethereum completed more than million transactions less than three years after project launching, predict that our intervalue project very likely complete one billion transactions within one year after project launching. business status quo technical competition bitcoin the representative project blockchain its infrastruction, called blockchain, distributed sharing account book implement value communication peer-to-peer manner. the potential impact blockchain nance and other industries may even good the invention double-entry bookkeeping. ethereum the representative project blockchain opensource fundamental system blockchain carried with smart contract. hundreds dapp have been deployed the ethereum. however, the project like cryptokitties shows the disadvantage the transaction throughput and con speed ethereum. eos the benchmark product ethereum. its ultimate goal become blockchain operating system. provides developers many basic functions, such database, account privilege setting, execution schedule, authentication, network communication, and etc. iota cryptocurrency iot. improve the transaction throughput blockchain, designs dag based distributed account book, called tangle. its goal achieve global micropayment the iot industry. byteball decentralized system, and allows tamper-proo storage for any data. the storage units byteball connect with each other. each them contains one more hash value earlier storage units, which used con the earlier storage unit and build partial order among storage units. all the storage units form dag. table technical advantage intervalue company competition jingtong technology: company china the research the fundamental technology the blockchain. its core team composed blockchain engineers silicon valley and china. the company releases its fundamental platform for business applications. until now, the company have developed number dapps various elds, such nance, travelling, smart city, logistics, medicine, and etc. ripple: ripple was founded provides the solution global nancial balance. the solution allows the balance between banks peer-to-peer manner, rather than through proxy banks, which makes the transfer fast, and greatly reduce the cost balance. ripple coin once was the second most valuable digital coin the global, and the rst model deeply combining digital coin and business application. circle: circle was founded its products contains bitcoin payment and social payment. the company has complete and distinguish team. the founder has successful experience the area building platform-like company, software, media, and communication. table company advantage intervalue jingtong technology ripple circle hedera hashgraph intervalue public chain, blockchain browser, blockchain wallet, commercial platform various fields roadmap blockchain commercial platform various fields bank balance digital coin payment blockchain platform various fields applicatio business &nonbusiness finance digital coin business &nonbusiness digital coin& business &non-business advantage professional team, intervene various fields professio nal team, high entry barrier professional team, rich experience, abundant funds professional team, high creativity professional team, rich experience, high creativity vision trust ecological builder global uniform payment standard rebuild global payment network build the trust layer the internet build global value network risk investing crypto-assets has many large risks. investors need fully understand these risks and take their own risk tolerance into account. incomplete information disclosure until the day publishing this whitepaper, inve still under development. its core technologies such the cryptographic algorithm, the communication network, consensus, may frequently updated. this whitepaper contains basic overview inve, but not absolutely complete. the foundation may update and improve the project from time time based changes technology for speci purposes. the foundation cannot and does not have the obligation inform the investors real time all the details the inve development process. incomplete information disclosure unavoidable and reasonable. supervision crypto-assets have been supervised many national regulatory agencies due the high risks. the foundation may receive enquiries, notices, warnings, orders rulings from regulators during the sale, and may even ordered terminate the sale. the supervision may greatly impact the development, marketing, advertising inve. since the supervision rules may change any time, the supervision allowance inve any country may temporal. besides, inve may ned virtual commodity, digital asset, securities currency. thus, inve may forbidden trade hold some countries. project failure inve still under development. inve may fail stop for any reason. the main reasons include: forced termination regulators, insu cient funds, and insuperable technical challenges. the inve token may not delivered investors due the project failure. funds been stolen someone may attempt steal the ico funds the foundation, and will greatly impact the development inve. although the foundation will adapt the most secure solution protect the ico funds. however, some network thefts are still cult completely prevent. source code vulnerabilities although the foundation will invite the top security team test the source code inve, one can ensure that the source code perfect. maybe there are some bugs, defects vulnerabilities, which make users not able use some functions. furthermore, these vulnerabilities endanger the availability, stability, safety and negatively ects the value inve. the foundation will cooperate with inve community optimize and improve the security the source code. upgrade source code since the source code inve open source and continuously upgraded, nobody can predict ensure the accurate result during upgrade. thus, the upgrade the source code may incur unpredictable non-anticipatory result, which may greatly impact the running and the value inve. ddos inve may ers the attack ddos, which makes the inve system out-ofservice. besides, the transaction may written into the inve hashnet with delay even cannot executed. insu cient capability nodes after the inve system online, the transactions will increase greatly. the processing requirement higher than the workload inve system, may cause the failure inve. the worst case, anyone may lose their inve token. furthermore, the rollback hard fork inve may triggered, which endangers the availability, stability, safety inve. inve token claimed without authorization the attacker may decrypts attacks the investor's account. thus he/she able claim the victim's inve tokens. that is, the inve tokens bought the victim may sent the attacker. each investor has protect his/her account. there are some tips: install anti-virus software, use high secure password, not open reply any juggling email, and store your account information and private key safe place. lost the private key each investor has keep the private key inve wallet safely. the investor loses destroys the private key, the foundation cannot help the investor the inve token. system fork inve open source project supported the community. although the foundation has some uence the inve community, the foundation cannot fully control the development and the market inve. anyone able develop and upgrade inve without any other people's authority. once part users accept the pitch upgrade inve, will cause hard fork. further more, according the roadmap, the foundation will make hard fork. theoretically, inve hashnet can fork many times. the worst case, these forks may destroy the sustainability inve system. lack attention the value inve depends the popularity the inve blockchain. the foundation does not ensure that inve will popular short time. the worst case, inve only attracts few users, which leads uctuant token price and ects the development inve. besides, the foundation not responsible stabling uence the market price inve. insu cient circulation inve neither belonged any people, entity, bank, country, organization, superstate parastate, nor supported any asset credit. the trade inve only based the consensus among the investors. nobody can ensure the circulation market price inve. holder wants sell his/her inve, he/she needs the matched buyers. besides, possible that there exchange other markets trade inve. fluctuant token price open market, the price the crypto-token uctuates greatly. the uctuant caused the change market, regulatory policy, technology, pro exchange, and etc. the foundation not responsible for the inve trading the secondary market. the risk trading inve taken the dealers. competition the fundamental protocol inve based open source protocol. nobody owns the copyright other rights the source code. therefore, everyone can copy, design, modify, and upgrade the source code develop more competitive protocol, system virtual platform. this case, the future competitive product may surpass even replace inve, and this can not controlled the foundation. besides, number existing platforms like iota and byteball have already become the competitors inve. maybe there are more and more competitors the future. the foundation can not eliminate the appearance the competitors. references bitcoin computation waste, http://gizmodo.com/the-worlds-most-powerful -computer-network-is-being-was-. bitcoinwiki. proof stake. http://www.blockchaintechnologies.com/ blockchain-applications. aug coindesk.com. bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. http://www.coindesk.com/ibm-reveals-proof-concept-blockchainpowered-internet-things/ nov ethereum. ethereum. https://github.com/ethereum/. nov iota. https://github.com/iotaledger/. nov byteball. byteball. https://github.com/byteball/. sep bernstein, daniel al. high-speed high-security signatures. journal cryptographic engineering .(), castro and liskov. practical byzantine fault tolerance. proceedings the third symposium operating systems design and implementation, new orleans, louisiana, usa,, pp. biryukov, alex, and khovratovich. equihash: asymmetric proof-of-work based the generalized birthday problem. network and distributed system security symposium gilad hemo micali al. algorand: scaling byzantine agreements for cryptocurrencies. the symposium decker and wattenhofer. information propagation the bitcoin network. -th ieee conference peer-to-peer computing, dolev and h.r. strong. authenticated algorithms for byzantine agreement. siam journal computing (), kiayias, russel, david, and oliynycov..ouroburos: provably secure proof-of-stake protocol. cryptology eprint archive, report http://eprint.iacr.org //. king and nadal. ppcoin: peer-to-peer crypto-currency with proofof-stake, micali, rabin and vadhan. veri able random functions. foundations computer science (focs), new york, oct directed acyclic graph: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/directed_acyclic_graph