internet people create your own ... bst rac online identity mess. despite the internet's reputation for anonymity, virtually impossible perform any action online with true privacy. the same time, processes for willingly verifying identity other claims are cumbersome, unintuitive, and reliant handful centralized providers imperfectly replicated versions offline systems. internet people (iop) building fundamentals provided organizations such provide decentralized self-sovereign identity and trust solutions via interdependent ecosystem open protocols, decentralized tools, and services built with the latest cryptographic technologies and secured the hydra blockchain and token. once complete, the iop stack will give users full control over their identities and their personal and professional connections. anyone can use iop present verifiable claims without the need for third party compromising their privacy. this has the potential revolutionize wide range industries, well providing access proof identity, credentials, and ownership billions currently underserved people. simple yet powerful tools will allow businesses and institutions connect directly with their target customer base without the costs, hassle, and security and regulatory liabilities associated with harvesting and storing unnecessary data. among other business use cases, this will pave the way for new kinds verifiable credentials and tools for requesting and sharing them way which matches current user and business needs, while also opening these markets the huge numbers people across the world who currently lack access these services. cum this document serves introduction internet people and the individual technologies and protocols created for the iop stack. explains the motivation and vision behind the iop project and gives high-level overview the technology behind the iop stack. you are reading this document, which was created --. access the latest version this document visit https://iop.global/whitepaper/. you would like learn more, visit our website https://iop.global/. nten abstract about this document contents introduction summary the iop stack design principles who the iop stack for? how iop works relevant markets development plan getting started references ion chapter pages our identity defines who are individuals. some details our identity keep private. some share with those closest us. others happily share with our colleagues, our neighbours, even the whole world. everyone has different preferences here, and these decisions should ours and ours alone. identity fundamentally linked the concept credentials and verifiable claims. whether it's applying for job loan, buying renting house, travelling abroad, simply visiting bar, often need way prove certain claims about ourselves, for example that are old enough buy alcohol have authorization cross border. offline, the process familiar most us. have some physical document, such passport birth certificate, provided some issuer with authority confer the status granted that document, such government examination board. then show this document inspector who need prove claim to, for example border official when travelling foreign country, bartender when buying alcohol. this inspector then applies some process verify the document, either themself via third-party verifier. the claim deemed valid, access then granted the requested product, good, service. but online, this process less clear. there still good digital analogue for physically showing paper credential human verifier. broken system the challenge surrounding the provision digital verified claims may seem unintuitive, because many online interactions involve sharing and viewing various files and other information. but the offline claim verification process has several key features which may not immediately apparent and which are hard replicate online. first, most cases offline claim verification involves human judgment. verifiers know what identification documents look and feel like, and they use their experience and contextual clues about the document and the interaction decide whether real not. the likelihood forgery and the consequences error increase, necessary apply more checks and employ people with more experience and finely honed judgement. the doorman bar needs know less about passports than border control agent, for example. you ion chapter pages need provide more credentials and supporting documentation apply for mortgage than for credit card. although many these processes are now aided technology, they still involve humans auditing oversight role. these processes don't easily transfer situations where machines are both presenting and verifying claims and the process fully automated. common fix has been try and import offline credentials into the online realm. there are various third-party verification services which lets users scan their credentials connect human verifier via video link. but such systems are slow, expensive, and force users give control their data. second major problem secure transmission data. many cases offline claim verification, the person making the claim and the person verifying are both physically present. when documents are sent remotely, this usually occurs via trusted transmission process, such registered post company's internal logistics system. online, this system often breaks down. surprisingly hard definitively prove that the claim being transmitted and the one being received are the same, that the people and institutions are communicating with are who they say they are. the current solution use asymmetric cryptography combined with limited number trusted certificate authorities. but this places unacceptable amount control the hands just few organizations. why should these organizations the only ones trust provide and set the cost certification services? need better way provide claim verification online. decentralized solution part the problem has simply been standardization. with agreed specification for machine-readable credentials and identification, many the current problems could reduced. but the bigger issue always the reliance small number trusted third parties every stage the process: from the issuance credentials their transmission and verification. ion chapter pages digital signatures based asymmetric cryptography have powered the web and most our digital communication for decades now. what has been missing way combine this secure communication with decentralized source trust. blockchain provides that source. some progress has already been made this arena. the world wide web consortium (wc) specifications for decentralized identifiers (dids) provide clear standard for using blockchain secure the decentralized claim verification process [,,]. but these solutions are still rudimentary, and not provide the levels flexibility, usability, and familiarity needed attract broad user base and attract people away from the centralized platforms. address these problems and more, the internet people creating full decentralized stack built self-governed identity, combining specific implementation the wc's did specification public blockchain with state-of-the-art consensus mechanism, well allowing issuance and verification verifiable claims using user-friendly tools. once users have established their identity, iop will provide fully private peer-to-peer communication connect users without the possibility third-party interference. this will not only streamline existing processes will also open whole host new markets and business opportunities, and provide access billions people who are currently underserved entirely neglected existing systems. overlooked billions despite its familiarity, the offline process isn't actually good model emulate. like online, the offline claim verification process issuing authorities act gatekeepers for services and processes way that restricts choice and freedom. addition being vulnerable theft, damage, and loss, identifying documents and the services surrounding them are often extremely expensive, effectively gating access basic human freedoms such travel and property ownership. even more fundamentally, isn't always clear why issuing authorities should have the control they do: for example, why should something basic proving your existence and chosen identity require birth certificate issued hospital? ion chapter pages have become accustomed these systems that longer notice how unintuitive and restrictive they often are. billions people around the world not even have access offline verification systems. perhaps they cannot afford them, their government issues revokes them based unfair criteria. sometimes provision sparse and people simply live too far away from the nearest third-party issuer verifier. people these scenarios are often trapped vicious circle arbitrary bureaucratic dependencies. without certain documentation can impossible enter the financial system and obtain basic services such bank account. but without bank account impossible have verifiable credit history, which restricts access loans, property, and even employment. billions people are denied access travel, financial services, and many more services which many take for granted, are forced pay excessive costs secure them. thanks the rapid rise mobile technology and the decentralized self-sovereign identity iop provides, these people can finally access the same opportunities the rest the world, and businesses which operate top iop will have access receptive and previously untapped market. privacy not all user data alike. sits spectrum from abstract specific, depending how easy correlate that information with particular individual. privacy also sits spectrum, and most people have different attitudes what information they are and aren't willing share, and with whom. abstract, non-correlatable information includes data like being over years age, being male, liking italian food, and on. this information often useful for assessing preferences, conducting broad research, and performing filtering and targeting, but cannot easily used identify specific individuals. ion chapter pages then there are more specific demographic variables such date birth, city birth, height, university attendance, and on. these data points are narrow enough very useful all kinds situations, but still apply lot individuals, making hard compromise individual privacy. note, however, that only few data points this level specificity can enough narrow things down single individual []. finally, there highly correlatable information such passport and other identification numbers, fingerprints and other biometric data, credit card numbers, and on. this data usually associated with just single individual, extremely hard maintain regain privacy this data compromised. ideally, claim verification should occur the most abstract possible level. however, this rarely the case. offline, the limited number physical credentials have available can often force overshare: passport driving license contains far more verified information than your age, for example. and while bartender doesn't need know your country birth your home address decide they can legally sell you alcohol, there way withhold this data when using these credentials. online the problem even worse, with many interactions requiring the user reveal far more information than necessary. even something simple logging into the wifi cafe can require users divulge their name, email address, birthdate and some countries even passport details, even though this could easily managed using only non-correlatable data. even more insidious the "one-click" approach logging with existing account, most commonly facebook, twitter all-purpose apps such line wechat. exchange for this convenience, many users not realize that they are sharing significant amounts personally identifying data. mar stac chapter pages the iop stack bottom-up and multi-layer architecture with different tiers and several layers bundled projects and other technologies for different purposes and apps. each project consists independent and complete core protocol which follows specific design guidelines. the goal write each protocol modular fashion and make each into facto standard used for the middle-tier programs and top-tier applications that will later run top. prometheus app sdk mercury communications social interactions morpheus decentralized ids verifiable claims hydra blockchain athena credentials education fides reputation themis contracts arbitration plutus governance public services titania operating system our morpheus technology allows every user create collection cryptographically secure identifiers based the specification for decentralized identifiers (dids). morpheus dids will secured the hydra blockchain. our blockchain has its own token, called hydra, which often abbreviated hyd using the symbol mmar stac chapter pages personal data never touches the blockchain iop, because morpheus dids are fully pseudonymous. instead, users build portfolio claims based their morpheus dids which can selectively disclosed, forming contextually unrelated personas. users can even create different personas for each their relations, resulting pairwise-unique identifiers. this collection personas forms coherent digital identity, while different personas seem completely unrelated unauthorized third parties. prevent information leakage when claims are sent and verified, iop provides fully private peer-to-peer communication via its mercury protocol. all user data encrypted default, and mercury uses two-way authentication based morpheus dids ensure both parties can sure who they are communicating with. network secure home nodes supports this communication network and provides additional services such secure storage. extending the concept claims, users can also form relations between personas, which can both public and private. these relations will combine form social network that cannot controlled single entity. call this the open social graph. accessibility prometheus, will ensured multi-purpose via app designed users' central hub the world iop, providing them with easyto-use interface access their key vault, credentials, claims, relations, and contacts. building these fundamentals, any user device will able use iop technology connect, interact, and transact freely and securely. mar stac chapter pages iop has already made significant progress towards achieving its goals, with several key technologies the testing phase already complete. this also includes titania, the world's first crypto-focused operating system, which currently available for download and testing. once the main components the iop stack are complete, plan further develop with technologies that will help more users access our decentralized technologies and give businesses and institutions more opportunities provide services based privacy, identity, and verifiable claims. these projects include athena, educational network connecting academic institutions and learners provide verified credentials, educational materials and scientific cooperation; fides, decentralized trust and reputation management system built cryptographically verifiable interactions between personas; themis, arbitration and dispute-resolution system built top verifiable agreements and domain-specific smart contract language which will accessible both lawyers and laymen; and finally plutus, governance system that allows users shape and influence their local communities. ign inc iples chapter pages established internet people open-source project dedicated ensuring everyone has access self-sovereign identity and the tools transact, communicate, and express themselves online. our technology supports host familiar and unprecedented use cases and business opportunities such social networking and verifiable credentials, all without the rampant centralization, indiscriminate data commoditization, and erosion personal privacy which are causing users distrust and abandon today's centralized platforms. the core components our stack will created using the rust programming language, which guarantees memory safety and thread safety using compile-time checks with zero runtime overhead, preventing whole class the most common and devastating bugs which plague the computing industry [,]. however, rust creates high barrier entry for developers, are also ensuring accessibility providing tools create applications top the iop stack using the most familiar programming languages. order promote and preserve these values, all iop development follows number strict guiding principles: some the iop design principles have been adapted from similar principles adopted the esign inc iples decentralization chapter pages iop technology designed eliminate centralized authorities, bottlenecks, and single points failure relation identity and all forms social interaction. self-sovereignty iop technology gives users the power directly own and control their digital identities and relations without the need rely external authorities. privacy iop employs privacy design, providing tools control users' privacy information, including minimal, selective, and progressive disclosure attributes other data. security iop uses state-of-the-art technology provide users with the security depend our technologies their daily lives. interoperability iop technologies follow existing standards where possible take full advantage existing solutions. modularity iop's technologies are designed modular fashion allow extensibility parallel development, extensions third parties and promote freedom choice. portability iop aims system and network-independent, users can use our technology any system. transparency iop open source and all technologies will submitted peer review. accessibility iop provides technologies that can used everyone minimal costs. simplicity iop technology designed simple possible promote usability and third-party development. for chapter pages the short answer everyone. the long term, hope the iop stack will give everyone access self-sovereign identity that can never revoked, well providing new kinds verifiable digital credentials and new relation-based rather than platform-based approach content delivery and social media. addition, iop's user-centric and decentralized approach identity and verifiable claims can finally make identity and credentials services available billions underserved and overlooked people across the globe, while improving efficiency, security, and privacy for those ill-served current centralized models. these are lofty goals, but iop also has numerous immediate and short-term applications. developers, companies, and investors with the foresight see the coming shift power back users can get the ground level application and platform ecosystem that, prioritizing user privacy and security, actually provides greater efficiency and returns invested time and resources. while will take some time for digital decentralized educational credentials become widely accepted, universities and other academic institutions can already start add blockchain-based credentials supplement their existing approaches. this particularly useful developing countries, where current auditing standards are often insufficient, and indeed iop already working with several institutions across the world improve the visibility and reputation their qualifications. using morpheus personas create platform-agnostic relations, iop's open social graph will shift the power social media away from platform owners and back users and content creators. the vast numbers people from all sides the political spectrum who have grown disillusioned with the inconsistent and unethical behavior the major social media and content platforms can all find home iop. who stac for chapter pages iop's mercury protocol uses two-way authentication based morpheus dids deliver true peer-to-peer communication which cannot disrupted spied upon. people who live countries with aggressive social media censorship policies will finally have way connect, communicate, and create freely and safely. titania already complete and ready try. the medium-term hope titania will provide people all across the world secure and low-cost gateway secure and private online world. with these fundamentals place, the projects the upper levels the stack will support the development ecosystem apps and services take iop's decentralized identity and claim verification technologies mainstream, from universities boardrooms and indeed living rooms around the world. iop wor chapter pages iop provides users with decentralized, self-sovereign identifiers which cannot revoked any third party. these unique identifiers can then augmented with personal information making them the subject cryptographically verifiable claims, forming contextually separate personas that together make the user's digital identity. top this secure foundation, iop establishes network for secure peer-to-peer communication and decentralized services. encourage mass adoption, important that establishing identity and using the claim verification process simple, cheap, and user friendly, all while preserving user privacy. achieve this, iop employs variety new and existing technologies. decentralized identity with morpheus morpheus uses decentralized identifiers (dids) based the standard. dids are form url and resolve did documents. these did documents contain information about the did, such list public keys other information which can used verify the identity someone trying act behalf this did. did documents may also contain information any service endpoints the controller the did wants advertise. crucially, did documents contain personal data and dids are therefore pseudonymous identifiers. users may register any number unique decentralized identifiers (dids) the morpheus did registry. meta information "@context": "https://wid.org/did/v", "https://wid.org/security/v" "id": "did:example:abcdefghi", subject identifier "publickey": "id": "did:example:abcdefghi#keys-", "type": "rsaverificationkey", "controller": "did:example:abcdefghi", "publickeypem": "-----begin public key...end public key-----\r\n" "id": "did:example:abcdefghi#keys-", "type": "edverificationkey", "controller": "did:example:pqrstuvwxyz", "publickeybase": "hcavvlmvgmmnamuvajzpfkcjcwdwnznzwxmqpv" }], registered keys "authentication": this key can used authenticate did:...fghi "id": "did:example:abcdefghi#keys-" rights management registered service endpoints "service": "type": "exampleservice", "serviceendpoint": "https://example.com/endpoint/" terminology and diagrams the following two sections are adapted from documents decentralized identifiers and verifiable claims [,,] iop wor chapter pages the hydra blockchain decentralized root trust want provide verifiable identity without relying central trusted authority, need decentralized root trust. there are several options here, but blockchains and other decentralized ledger technologies that have consensus mechanism including economic incentivization for maintainers have specific advantage over other decentralized forms storage: financial gain strong incentive for node owners adequately maintain agreement global state, protect the stored data against accidental deliberate corruption, and accept any and all transactions users might make. the morpheus did registry will supported the hydra blockchain. did registered using transaction very similar standard cryptocurrency transaction, including fee register and store the did document. because dids are pseudonymous identifiers, personal data never comes near the chain. instead, all personal information encrypted default and stored the user's end device backed another storage solution the user's choice. users want publicly disclose information about did, they may including service endpoint the did document. using this approach provides multiple benefits. first, prevents clogging the chain with repeated and unnecessary changes did documents. second, history has shown that every encryption protocol eventually broken. for this reason would irresponsible store personal data immutable and eternal database. result, did documents will only change rarely for regular users generally when did documents are first created when keys are lost compromised. this keeps barriers entry low for users. however, the transaction flow for companies and other institutions will very different, they will likely need manage hundreds thousands service endpoints and keys for different dids. this steady flow transactions will keep the hydra token liquid and provide reliable monetary incentives for node maintainers. iop wor chapter pages identity verification the process identity verification the offline world can described abstract way: identity holder requests benefit from inspector. the inspector asks for proof identity. the holder the identity shows their identity credential the inspector. the inspector sends this credential verifier for verification. the verifier checks the credential against registry which stores pre-registered credentials. the verifier returns the result the inspector who either approves denies the holder. registry verifier inspector holder these roles can held people machines. the case airline travel using biometric passport, for example: the inspector the border agent, the verifier the passport scanning machine and the registry the centralized database passport records. multiple roles may fulfilled the same actor. when using the same passport buy alcohol bar, for example, the inspector, verifier, and registry roles are all fulfilled the bartender (with the registry being mental checklist what valid passport looks and feels like). iop wor chapter pages let now try translate this example the digital world. keep things simple, will assume that the inspector also performing verification. (when the two roles are separate, there simply extra step where the inspector sends request the verifier and waits for response.) prove they control did, user sends the did inspector/verifier, along with cryptographic signature created using private key. the inspector/verifier then uses the did resolve the did document the morpheus registry. the did document contains all public keys associated with this did, the verifier can check the cryptographic signature and verify that the user indeed controls this did. verifiable credentials without central authority proving control over randomly assigned did very limited use without way associate with real-world information. would like able make verifiable claims about ourselves, both on- and offline. creating various dids, users can then create multiple, fully separate sets individual claims which anyone can verify without the need for centralized trust source. perhaps most intuitive think about these claims terms familiar data points (e.g., name, date birth, graduated with master's computer science from stanford, etc.) drawn from familiar offline credentials (e.g., birth certificate, passport, university degree), but the range possible claims far, far broader than this. unfortunately, the virtual world almost impossible for users prove any piece personal information their own, apart from cryptographic proofs key control. when making personal claim inspector/verifier, necessary appeal trusted third party. iop wor chapter pages for digital verifiable claims, the trusted source comes the form issuer who issues claims about the user the form credentials. users can apply issuers issue claims about them which they can later present inspector/verifier. once credential has been issued, the holder can use the claims contains request access goods and services. receiving claim, the appropriate inspector/verifier checks that the claim genuine. is, they then grant the holder access the agreed benefit. morpheus did registry issuer holder intuitive example this trust model, imagine you are applying for job and need demonstrate that you have the necessary university degree. impossible demonstrate this your own, but your prospective employer will presumably trust the authority the university. iop wor chapter pages note that this trust model completely different from being reliant centralized root trust. there, everyone forced choose from single very limited number trusted sources. decentralized trust model, parties are always free choose any source trust which they can agree upon. morpheus did registry inspector/verifier holder mentioned before, vitally important that personally identifying information never comes anywhere near the blockchain; therefore, the information that users want make claims about must stored separately and handled differently from the dids and did documents which make the morpheus did registry. iop wor chapter pages nevertheless, shown the figure below, the did registry provides the necessary root trust, the gateway the data needed verify did ownership and credentials and claims based upon them. inspector/verifier request claims holder acquire, store, present claims issuer issue claims morpheus did registry maintain identifiers hydra blockchain secure registry iop wor chapter pages the figure below shows example claim which can used prove that the user holds bachelor's degree mechanical engineering. one significant advantage this system that can used minimize information exchange. the example below, the issuer probably knows the holder's graduation date and has more information like the topic the user's thesis. however, the inspector/verifier only interested whether the holder has degree not. the issuer able answer this request without disclosing additional information about the credential holder. claims set metadata "@context": "https://www.w.org//credentials/v", "https://example.com/examples/v" "id": "http://example.gov/credentials/", "type": ["verifiablecredential", "universitydegreecredential"], "issuer": "https://example.edu", "issuancedate": "--", "credentialsubject": claims about subject "id": "did:example:ebfebfebcfceec", subject identifier "degree": "type": "bachelordegree", "name": "bachelor science mechanical engineering" digital signature issuer "proof": "type": "rsasignature", "created": "--t::z", "creator": "https://example.com/jdoe/keys/", "nonce": "caece-ce-f-b-eaee", "signaturevalue": "bavell/i...ed+wjt=" personas the claim verification system described above extremely useful, but can also quickly become hard manage the number claims and credentials increases. iop, credentials are managed according the intuitive concept personas. persona the collection claims about single did. these claims can safely disclosed together, iop wor chapter pages without contaminating other dids. for example, users might choose have one persona for interacting with friends and family, another for professional contacts, and another for online dating. personas can cryptographically linked and switched between the user chooses, without their underlying connection being discoverable third party. the claims that make persona can course still disclosed individually, providing users with fine-grained control about which parts their personal information they want share. secure peer-to-peer communication and storage privacy-focused system such iop, not enough provide secure identity and claim verification. also crucial ensure that data leaked when users issue, present, verify claims communicate any other way. addition, while storing user data locally and encrypted default promotes privacy, this insufficient many cases. first, local storage space limited, especially many users will interacting with iop via smartphones. second, end devices are not always online, regularly change networks, and are generally unreliable with limited storage options. third, many users will want access their collection claims from multiple devices. additionally, the acts registering and updating did documents and issuing and verifying claims rely access complete and sufficiently current version the morpheus did registry. this might not feasible for some devices, which can instead rely the network home nodes that will store the entire history. foresee new generation service providers that maintain the full database service, similar current web wallets, explorers, cetera. accommodate these usability and accessibility requirements, iop's mercury protocol provides encrypted, two-way authenticated peer-to-peer communication maximize privacy and security. generating truly private peer-to-peer connections between users particularly difficult problem, particularly one both users smartphone. modern internet architecture locks users behind multiple layers network address translation (nat) which makes impossible address users directly, especially when trying make contact for the first time. iop wor chapter pages mercury uses network so-called home nodes punch through these layers and open direct channel communication. when two users want communicate, the first user begins directly contacting their trusted home node(s). they then communicate with other home nodes until they find one which knows how contact the second user. this multi-hop route then collapsed provide direct channel communication. this way, mercury acts similar decentralized and highly secure cellular network, where home nodes take the roll cell towers and devices (mobile stationary) are phones. contrast with mobile networks, nodes are not selected automatically based location and signal strength, but picked manually based trust and reliability. mercury decentralized network because all home nodes have the same role: node can join leave the network any time. the same applies for clients. this makes the network extremely resilient there main point attack and the network dies only with the last node. addition maintaining the communication network and supporting the hydra blockchain, these home nodes will able provide secure data storage and claim verification services users. mercury home nodes mercury protocol (data, com, routing) mercury home protocol (push, project changes etc) dapp social dapp chat dapp dapp iop wor chapter pages advanced users can operate their own home node. home nodes require minimal resource, can run most devices with low cpu/memory and reasonable network requirements. titania will the perfect starting point set your own home node comes preconfigured with the full iop stack. after setting titania with just few clicks, can act repository for user claims, personal storage space and gateway the mercury network. the functionality mercury extends far beyond the iop stack. combining mercury's revolutionary concept establishing connections based identifier:protocol scheme (instead the hostname:port scheme that today's applications use) with standardized profile and message formats allows app developers create decentralized applications (dapps) that are not reliant centralized database users. the average user will simply install applications built iop's decentralized technology device such smartphone open web-based dapp. these applications will rely prometheus dependency, which will bring secure vault for keys and claims, background services, and convenient manage personas, claims and relations. after initial setup, users choose which persona use with each dapp and choose one more home nodes connect to. mercury's unique architecture then allows connections beyond the confines dapp, relieving developers the need laboriously create critical user base and allowing users choose which dapps best fit their needs. broader iop functionality while the ability verify identity and claims without relying centralized root trust obviously useful, the preceding sections' focus the technical minutiae individual interactions can make hard appreciate the power these technologies when scaled entire organizations, communities, whole societies. the upper layers the iop stack contain projects designed meet broad societal needs decentralized fashion. while these all have decentralized identity and claim verification their core, they expand these basic concepts provide powerful decentralized services such contract resolution and arbitration, reputation, governance and more. iop wor chapter pages athena athena applies iop's tools and technologies education. the most obvious application the provision new kind trusted and verifiable educational credential, but academic institutions face whole host problems which can addressed through secure decentralized identities and verifiable claims, from attendance content and syllabus provision. notably, institutions which provide learning distance and online materials can easily manage course content and access, and morpheus dids can used secure online testing environments. this way, iop can improve access and educational opportunities for millions currently underserved people. athena will also facilitate research and collaboration between institutions. verifiable claims can used improve processes for data collection, sharing, and analysis, and the terms any collaboration can easily managed via on-chain smart contracts. fides wealth verifiable claims can lead information overload. users will need way quickly assess whether they want communicate transact with each other. fides will provide users with tools navigate system based around verifiable claims. more public and private claims become available about persona, making decisions about the trustworthiness that persona will become more complex. this especially true that persona linked business major service provider with thousands customers and associated claims. one major element this decentralized trust and reputation tools based cryptographically verifiable interactions between personas. for familiar reputation and ranking systems such uber ratings tripadvisor reviews, this has the obvious benefit linking reviews and feedback verifiable identity, reducing problems likes spam and sockpuppeting which plague existing reputation systems. but fides also drastically broadens the kinds reputation data which can collected and used, making reputation systems much more powerful and reliable. iop wor chapter pages for example, user leaving review online marketplace can prove that they genuinely bought the product being reviewed, without giving any other personally identifying data. reputation data itself can also used basis for verifiable claims, for example loyalty vip programs. beyond this, fides will provide tools manage relations between trusted personas. addition broad social media applications such the open social graph and content platforms, this includes more specific tools such providing ways organize clubs, events, even employee rosters. themis themis provides tools assist with arbitration and dispute management, including intuitive language for smart contracts which accessible for both lawyers and laymen. one major problem with existing smart contracts the difficulty accessing and verifying the off-chain data which the contract contingent on. the current solution use oracles, but they are clumsy cumbersome. verifiable claims provide better way for on-chain contracts interact with off-chain data. disputes will still arise which can only resolved through existing systems such courts, but themis will help users design smart contracts robust possible and maximize the chance reaching resolution between the contracting parties. plutus finally, plutus project dedicated safely and prudently scaling iop's technologies address larger-scale needs, for example large corporations local and city governance. verifiable claims and decentralized identity can revolutionize our approach complex and contentious problems such managing eligibility for healthcare insurance schemes, running secure and auditable votes without gating access exposing voter data. the following section takes closer look the various markets where iop technologies can leveraged for improvement and disruption. levan mar kets chapter pages the data and identity industries have become huge business, touching every aspect our modern digital lives. but the cracks are beginning show. some this can attributed the business practices the centralized giants such facebook, amazon, uber, and others, but many the problems run much deeper: they are inherent every centralized approach identity and personal data, and cannot fixed without totally new model. iop provides that new model, one which benefits both users and businesses. users get more control, stronger privacy, and can directly rewarded for sharing their personal data. businesses get easier access greatly expanded potential user base and also receive bigger slice the potential pie, instead subsisting the crumbs given out the centralized giants. the quality data and datasets will also increase: instead indiscriminately harvesting data and then curating it, with iop data requested as-needed basis, making datasets more focused and easier manage, analyze, and use. individual data also easier assess thanks claim verification. finally, switching model where users willingly and actively share data rather than having harvested the background, users will have more incentive provide accurate and helpful responses data requests. here are just some the markets which iop can disrupt. social networking it's taken barely twenty years for social networking rise from nothing encompass the whole world. facebook currently has more than two billion monthly active users worldwide, and had total market capitalization over half trillion dollars its peak early []. leva kets chapter pages but recent string scandals have highlighted the significant flaws facebook's "go fast and break things" approach. regulators are circling, market valuation dropping, and user engagement beginning fall rapidly. businesses are also waking the problems with facebook's model: the recent reports facebook's notoriously opaque analytics tools showed that facebook not nearly useful for engaging and retaining customers they claimed. iop and the open social graph inverts the social network business model giving control back the users. doing so, creates fully transparent environment for businesses directly engage with their customers. digital advertising the digital advertising market huge. the us, digital advertising spends are predicted eclipse all other forms advertising but with many online industries powered data, people are seriously questioning whether the current models are benefiting anyone but the centralized platforms. most people want able find products and services that will interest them, and are happy learn about these directly from companies. but the underhand way which identifying data gathered and used for targeting fosters suspicion and resentment. businesses feel compelled engage digital advertising, but opaque analytics tools make impossible tell whether advertising spend cost effective. centralized platforms have virtual monopoly the advertising space, giving them free reign set uncompetitive rates. even though the industry powered user data, users receive very little return. users are increasingly dissatisfied with the model, which may explain why click through rates are less than and almost half all paid online ads are never even seen anyone []. iop removes the need for central platform authority like facebook, allowing users and companies connect directly. because data iop only ever willingly shared, targeted advertising becomes simpler, cheaper, and much more effective. levan mar kets chapter pages cybersecurity harvesting personal data isn't just bad for users: can also become massive liability for companies, who may not have the expertise properly store and secure that data. data breaches are daily occurence, despite yearly cybersecurity spending approaching $bn (as estimated gartner []). iop provides significant cybersecurity benefits over existing centralized approaches. basic level, making local storage and full user control the default for all data significantly reduces the risk hacking accidental exposure data. beyond that, iop provides numerous opportunities for companies wishing offer security service. for example, companies could provide secure backup for users' claims and credentials give them the ability share and access credentials from the cloud. unlike current cloud-based approaches, data security would not compromised all data would encrypted before transmission the service provider. identity and access management many companies and other organizations need manage identity and access for employees and visitors their sites, with yearly global spending excess $bn []. but current approaches are extremely expensive, inflexible, and often exhibit glaring security vulnerabilities. using iop's identity protocols, companies would able issue identity cards and adjust access rights the fly, well easily granting and revoking visitor access thanks standardization. this concept can easily extended from physical digital access, for example managing access rights shared company drives and other digital resources from users' own devices. leva kets chapter pages data integration despite the recent rush harvest much data possible, much languishes data silos, unused, unanalyzed, and even unverified. finding ways share data between these siloes has become big business, with estimated yearly revenue billion []. addition improving privacy, iop actually makes far easier gather, collate, and analyze the data which users are willing share. thanks iop's standardized approach data storage, companies offering data integration services will find simple convert and merge existing databases. peer-to-peer content delivery modern media, digital content king. more than users report that they get least some their news from platforms such youtube, twitch, and medium, and digital content creators can earn millions dollars year []. but existing models are strained breaking point. youtube and twitter are unable consistently apply their own rules, and their recommendation and monetization algorithms are subject massive abuse. social media lifecycles are also incredibly short, especially for apps. content creators spend years building followers across various platforms, only have all that hard work erased when app falls out fashion platform's terms and conditions suddenly and arbitrarily change. with iop, control content provision and delivery will returned users and creators. creators and their followers will directly linked via morpheus personas, and this relationship can persist across any number separate platforms. instead relying centralized platforms for content curation, users can easily and directly decide whose content they want see and whose filter out. the resulting systems will freer and more democratic, and the creator/follower relationship will preserved even social media trends come and go. content can shared directly using the mercury protocol, via apps and sites built top the iop stack. these platforms will secure and censorship resistant. they will also provide freer and fairer monetization options, there will central authority holding the purse strings. levan mar kets chapter pages credentials online learning poised revolutionize the way learn and open educational opportunities billions currently underserved people around the world. but qualifications earned via e-learning platforms currently have poor reputation, even when affiliated with established brick and mortar institutions. part this resistance change, but it's also undeniable that online credentials are hard track and easy forge for both unscrupulous users and institutions alike. iop's technology stack will allow universities and students track and prove attendance, grades and degrees well less tangible factors such quality education and student satisfaction using mutually provided verifiable claims. future employers can easily verify grades and credentials with the issuing entity without the danger personal user data falling into the wrong hands companies overreaching their boundaries and asking for more data than they really need. reputation the rise big data and advanced analytics has allowed reputation systems expand from traditional industries such insurance and credit ranking become multibillion dollar industry that serves multiple sectors. from ranking systems such uber's star rating system more generalized feedback mechanisms, reputation systems are invaluable tool for matching users well providing ways identify and filter out malicious unwanted behaviours and actors, particularly systems designed for zero minimal centralized oversight. but current practices are beset with problems. today's centralized reputation systems rely enormous datasets, where individual pieces identifying data are collated form complete picture all user's activities. this treasure trove for hackers, and indeed some the largest data breaches recent years have been attacks companies providing using reputation systems. leva kets chapter pages even more ominously, governments are turning reputation systems rank their citizens and control their access goods and services and even opportunities such jobs and education. addition being massive invasion privacy and liberty, these systems are often secret, arbitrary, and extremely poorly secured and designed []. iop provides the benefits reputational systems while eliminating the most severe security and privacy risks for both users and service providers. the fides project will allow companies which need rating feedback mechanisms who wish provide these other companies with ease. iop's verifiable digital claims also offer numerous avenues for improving rating and reputation systems. current systems rely almost solely user opinion, often employing -star systems which quickly degrade into binary rating systems where anything less than stars considered failure. combining user input with verifiable claims about good bad behaviours will make reputation systems more flexible, reliable, and ultimately valuable. regulatory technology for many businesses, complying with ever-changing data regulations costly and time consuming, especially when operating across multiple jurisdictions. companies must find way gather, process, and then securely store user data such that they can prove compliance often for audits that occur many years after the fact. for many smaller businesses, these costs are high that they are forced out the market. with iop's approach identity and verifiable claims, regulatory compliance streamlined and risk reduced for both users and companies. because data tends stay under full user control, easy prove that has been handled properly. the same time, completely separating personal data from the ownership digital identity, iop support far more secure and stringent data protection rules than are currently implemented most countries around the world. eve lopm lan chapter pages internet people has been under development one form another for more than two years now, and some our technologies are already complete and ready use. others are entering the final development and testing stages, some are being created right now, and some projects are still the design stage. the different technologies the iop stack gain their value through symbiotic relationship, building top each other and interlocking almost seamlessly. therefore, are not creating projects strictly linear order. the roadmap the next page describes the order expect the most relevant feature sets each project available users and developers. the current development status, including regular updates directly from our development team, can found https://iop.global/. hydra devnet accessible public august hydra mainnet ready august hydra devnet deployed august september first tests did registration hyd devnet november november end listing latoken (start trading) october mainnet open early adopters application phase for delegates starts prometheus light wallet for hyd chain mercury communication prometheus contacts feature prometheus token distribution begins moinblockchain conference hamburg germany september hydra dev functionally complete end ieo latoken october start ieo latoken hydra forging rewards begin hydra implementation begins additional parts the stack are started (athena, fides, themis, plutus) end sending claims contacts for signing and verification automatic did resolution when checking claim first did registration hyd mainnet eve lopmen lan chapter pages titania the core operating system complete and ready use. titania provides fully dockerized environment for secure deployment apps and services. setup and management easy thanks intuitive web interface. the next step package the software people want and need for titania's secure environment, including staking wallets for the most popular pos coins. titania dapp store under development, and the complete iop stack will integrated default. once the mercury network functional, users will able create their own home nodes and provide services their peers. mercury prototype the mercury communication protocol has been published our github repository, with the home and communication protocols close completion. few key features still need implemented before mercury ready for production use, but the underlying concepts have been clearly demonstrated. mercury provides direct communication and decentralized network for peer discovery that not only allows users communicate securely, but also enables developers create powerful dapps aimed connecting users. once morpheus enables management, mercury will extended with user personas and networking features create the open social graph. prometheus the prototype our prometheus application can dowloaded from our website. prometheus already allows access basic version did and claim management that will enable the open social graph and includes abstract key vault that can later used any application need public-key based cryptographic functionality. the future, prometheus will extended into extensive and intuitive graphical user interface provide identity and privacy management, and will provide comprehensive sdk developers can use iop technologies, including mercury communications and morpheus dids and claims, the applications they create. eve lopm lan chapter pages morpheus minimal example morpheus' self-sovereign identity management system included the prometheus protype. the first application verifiable claims will user relations that can extended with metadata. the future, the morpheus did registry will secured the hydra blockchain and pairwise-unique identifiers, and fine-grained claim templates will allow users manage their digital identity intuitive way, aiming for maximum privacy and minimal disclosure. the verifiable claims created using morpheus will create global web trust. athena are currently defining the basics educational credentials built morpheus' verifiable claims. these will give employers, students, graduates, and universities standardized way issue and verify attendance, credentials, and more. because their unique relation thousands people and businesses alike, universities are prime candidates for widely accepted trust anchors decentralized identity management. combining the features morpheus with mercury's unique communication protocol will allow researchers and teachers manage access resources and collaborate securely global scale. hydra hydra provides completely open and permissionless consensus mechanism, allowing all users participate and benefit staking tokens. hydra users use their stake elect delegates from their midst forge new blocks and create new tokens. these delegates share large percentage the block rewards with their voters. delegates also earn voter share contributing the project helping new users. everyone can become delegate and earn rewards they gain the support the community. forge new blocks, delegates need only online and run reliable node. voters can earn rewards while keeping their stake offline and secure. hydra provides final confirmation after each block, which makes blockchain rollbacks impossible, thus protecting the morpheus did register from manipulation. the future, the functionality the blockchain will tightly integrated into the prometheus key vault and optimized for the purpose did management. eve lopmen lan chapter pages fides fides our version bottom-up reputation system, decentralizing trust, linking feedback and reviews verifiable identities, and giving people the tools navigate iop's ever-growing collection verifiable claims. services that aggregate multiple claims into comprehensive certificates trustworthiness are just one the many possibilities fides will provide. fides will also enhance athena allowing students rate their universities' quality education, the comprehensiveness individual courses, and much more. verifiable claims will extended further include receipts, loyalty programs, and much more, and mercury will extended allow for organization social events. themis themis will provide domain-specific language aimed laymen and lawyers. feeding off-chain data into the system using verifiable claims, themis imports concepts such documents signed the presence witnesses into the digital world. this will open the door for digital employment agreements and other legal contracts that are both easy understand and unambiguous. themis aims close the divide between code and legal language, creating smart contracts that can both run machines for automatic arbitration well serve legal documents court law the case unresolvable disputes. plutus the final step will prudently and safely scale the technologies created the internet people into system for local governance. verifiable claims and decentralized identity can revolutionize our approach complex and contentious problems such managing eligibility for healthcare insurance schemes, running secure and auditable votes without gating access exposing voter data. plutus will allow users heard and shape their communities according their needs. ett ing star whether you're investor, developer, just someone who's interested the possibilities decentralized technology, we'd love hear from you. visit https://iop.global/, where you can learn more about internet people and how get involved. you can download titania https://github.com/internet-of-people/titania-os/releases. you can download pre-release version prometheus https://github.com/internet-of-people/prometheus-electron/releases. https://iop.global/wallets/ https://iop.global/exchanges/ https://discordapp.com/invite/gsrkpt https://t.me/iopofficial https://github.com/internet-of-people https://twitter.com/iop_community https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucmvhsttwljuo-yfrq https://www.reddit.com/r/iop_community/ refe ren ces credentials community group, decentralized identifiers, url: https://wc-ccg.github.io/did-spec/ credentials community group, proposed verifiable claims architecture, url: http://wc.github.io/webpayments-ig/vctf/architecture/ credentials community group, verifiable credentials data model, url: https://www.w.org/tr/verifiable-claims-data-model/ sweeney, simple demographics often identify people uniquely. carnegie mellon university, data privacy working paper pittsburgh url: https://dataprivacylab.org/projects/identifiability/paper.pdf the rust programming language, url: https://www.rust-lang.org alex gaynor, the internet has huge c/c++ problem and developers don't want deal with it, url: https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/amgxb/the-internethas-a-huge-cc-problem-and-developers-dont-want-to-deal-with-it yossi gilad, rotem hemo, silvio micali, georgios vlachos, nickolai zeldovich, algorand: scaling byzantine agreements for cryptocurrencies, url: https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id= jing chen and sergey gorbunov and silvio micali and georgios vlachos, algorand agreement: super fast and partition resilient byzantine agreement, url: https://eprint.iacr.org// jing chen, silvio micali, algorand, url: https://arxiv.org/abs/. jay corrigan, saleem alhabash, matthew rousu, sean cash, how much social media worth? estimating the value facebook paying users stop using it, url: https://doi.org/./journal.pone. app nexus, the digital advertising stats you need for url: https://www.appnexus.com/sites/default/files/whitepapers/guide-stats_. pdf tech crunch, global cybersecurity spending grow $.bn says gartner, url: https://techcrunch.com////global-cybersecurity-sending-to-grow--to-bn-in--says-gartner/ refe ren ces orbis research, identity and access management-global market outlook (-), url: https://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/identity-and-access-management-global-market-outlook-- markets and markets, data integration market component (tools and services), business application (marketing, sales, operations, finance, and hr), deployment model, organization size, vertical, and region global forecast url: https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/market-reports/data-integration-market-.html markets and markets, commercial cdn market content type (video and non-video), solution (web performance optimization, media delivery, and cloud security), service, end-user segment (consumer and business), vertical, and region global forecast url: https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/market-reports/commercial-pp-cdn-market-.html devin coldewey, when surveillance meets incompetence, url: https://techcrunch.com////when-surveillance-meets-incompetence/ https://iop.global/