intellishare foundation intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet the eco-business environment constructed intellishare will change the everyone's way use the internet and lead new shared-era. intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet contents team preface overview current internet development turn the mobile internet internet tree structure limitation direction mesh network development features mesh network blockchain technology creates value ecology mesh network traditional internet business ecology mesh network business ecology about intellishare technical theory blockchain and mesh network blockchain technology combined with mesh network theory ecological structure intellishare underlying environment intellishare data layer, value layer, contract layer, and structure intellishare mesh about intellishare mesh node intellishare mesh application scenario intellishare mesh full coverage intellishare mesh everything(ioe) distribution plan intellishare token (ine) digital asset distribution distribution plan unlock plan issue details application experience and benefits intellishare fund council intellishare foundation intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet board institute board team team introduction intellishare core team intellishare senior advisors team risk warning and disclaimer contact information references intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet team preface once, the desires and demands for high-speed delivery information promote the modern internet emergence. now, the desires and demands for more direct convenience communication will soon catalyze the rise the next internet age -gmn(global mesh network). this the trend our times when blockchain technologies fuse into mesh network where value locked each mesh network node. this the opportunities given our times this tide trends, capturing the sail chances, are altogether witness the arrival this great era ------- intellishare team intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet overview current internet development the internet has transformed this blue planet into global village. although only short period two decades, the internet has undergone several stages development. this stage, the biggest change follows: turn the mobile internet nowadays, the development internet has not been able meet the needs users many aspects, and faces series problems the implementation many communication layers and application scenarios. for example, poor security leads difficulty management and limited functions when facing unpredictable situation. the current internet structure has not been able adapt even hinder the further development internet applications. this mainly due the fact that the current internet environment and the initial design the internet have appeared very different. the main form internet has shifted from the traditional internet the mobile internet. the emergence mobile terminals has not just resulted tremendous increase the number users and the bandwidth the internet. but more importantly, the emergence new networks, computing technologies, new business applications and business models has put forward new demands for the internet. internet tree structure the internet communication platform built the basis physical structures such optical fibers and cables world-wide huge computer network composed various types and scales independently operated and managed computer networks based common protocols. common set information resources and shared resources. the computer networks that make internet include small-scale (lan), city-scale (man), large-scale (wan) and etc. these networks connect universities, companies, research institutes, military and government organizations different countries through lines such ordinary telephone lines, high-speed dedicated lines, satellites, microwaves, fiber optic cables and etc. intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet ------- limitation however, the limitation the tree-like graphics transmission requires that when nodes two intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet different-sized lans mans need establish interactions form information interaction, they must first transmit information the local area network, regional network, wide area network. the central server then transmitted from the physical layer architecture that connects the different central servers the other end. the information received the central server the other zone reacts the nodes you want conduct. therefore, the straight-ended problem the central server network that large amount bandwidth resources will wasted between the transmission various servers, and the load rate the servers will increase, which will affect the use efficiency and lead the waste social resources. the same time, the central server network stores data collectively through servers and data centers, making the data vulnerable attacks. the basis more and more attention network security, different components the service depend each other the application which based central server network. failure one component will cause excessive damage the entire system, and the fault tolerance system low. intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet direction mesh network development however, the mesh network has emerged. distributed node composition allows have different thoughts for the construction the network. wireless mesh network, mesh-type jump based ad-hoc(point-to-point) technology can realize the idea that any mobile terminal device node acts (access point) and router the same time. each node the network can send and receive signals, and each node can directly communicate with one more peer nodes. the flow too large and relay node congested, the data can automatically rerouted neighboring node with relatively small flow transmit it. analogy, the data packet can continue routed the next nearest node for transmission according the network flow until reaches the final destination, greatly reducing the waste bandwidth. each node independent each other and does not need store and transmit data through the central server, thereby reducing the risk network security caused servers-attack. features mesh network its characteristics can simply summarized as: intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet self-organization for mesh node joined into mesh network, the only thing you need take out the mesh device and turn the power. then, this node will "recognize" the other same type mesh devices and connect each other automatically. moreover, users can also add more nodes enhance wireless network signals and their coverage. comprehensiveness not only can used places where most the wired networks can used, such companies, campuses, hotels, hospitals, and etc., but also can used places where hard reach with wired networks, such large warehouses, port terminals, military exercise sites, islands, mountains, emergency communications and other application scenarios. expandability the mesh network expandable. the signal can automatically select the best path transit intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet from one user another, eventually reaching the purpose signal expansion and enlargement, increasing its network coverage. safety repair mesh network performs more robustly than normal network because relies not just the performance single node. traditional network, problem occurs node during transmission, the entire network system may fail work. one major node fails, the entire network may collapse. but mesh network, because its node design has multiple transmission routes, even one intermediate node failed, the original data still can automatically reroute destination using backup path. balance traditional single-hop network, the shared all devices. multiple devices share the same network, may lead communication congestion and reduce the overall system operating speed. advanced mesh network, devices can share through multiple paths, the overall performance the system will not affected. the emergence mesh network naturally solves and contains problems arising from the large-scale application centralized networks. its comprehensiveness, including self-expansion, self-organization self-management, self-repair and self-balancing technical characteristics, bound the future direction the internet. intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet blockchain technology creates the value ecology mesh networks business ecology the value exchange based information exchange. traditional internet business ecology the large-scale application and development the traditional internet essentially solves the problems information transmission and the exchange values between nodes, with the combination ease use and relatively low cost the same time, the similar "internet economy", "internet and other large-scale commercial ecosystem are built the internet platform, assuming they can lock the values through central organization, and this promotes the further development the internet. intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet business ecology mesh network new direction for the future development world network, mesh network has the characteristics decentralization, point-to-point distribution, continuous expansion, and self-management. has shown tremendous development advantages information transmission, but its lock application the value layer has not been fully excavated with the gradual improvement its function. its value exchange function has not been fully realized. the promotion and development things need build their own business ecosystem drive their development. this the embodiment development law the level value and indispensable. this time, the intellishare emerges. about intellishare the core blockchain lock the values. the intellishare uses the blockchain technology perfectly create such self-organized, self-expanding business ecosystem, thus, forms ecological environment that delivers and locks the values for mesh network. intellishare has constructed distributed, self-expandable mesh network validation system that uses each single node confirm under common protocols. the basis the confirmation distributed information data, the multi-dimensional ecological applications will further built around the commercialization mesh networks, from the information-confirm the value-exchange, from the confirmation distributed single nodes the promotion the entire distributed community, and from the identification single structure the identification accurate structures combining the underlying blockchain distributed ledger system, thus, provide distinctive and versatile mesh commercialization system. intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet technical theory blockchain and mesh network ecological structure intellishare intellishare has its own complete ecological environment, shown the following diagram: from bottom up, corresponds the intelligent mesh network, data layer, value layer and contract layer. underlying environment intellishare each mesh firmware node could combine with the light node the blockchain. the underlying environment intellishare composed intelligent mesh network, which adopts the self-developed mesh protocol. the underlying environment for intellishare which self-connected, self-repaired, self-expandable, self-routed, self-balancing, and etc. this stage, our mobile devices can use the app call the wireless universal module form mesh network. the following code example demonstrate the mesh implement: intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet our mesh network can also implemented directly the link layer. other words, without app, mobile phones can directly connected mesh network through wireless blocks. this means that the future mesh network transparent the users, which greatly enhances the user's experience. the firmware had mesh network abilities can directly set blockchain light nodes continuously creates and gets values. data layer the data layer, the chain structure the underlying data blocks intellishare, forming the intellishare foundation chain (intelligent chain). the complete data intelligent chain stored distributedly large number nodes the network, ensuring the use asymmetric publickey and privatekeys, time stamps, and other technologies, guaranteeing the data completeness and immunity. the following blockchain schematic diagram: the following illustrative code for verifying the integrity new block: intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet value layer intellishare uses improved pos consensus mechanism called poss (proof stack service). intellishare mesh network, the node coinage difficulty set based comprehensive assessment the total tokens holden and the services mesh networks provided. putting the node wallet, you can "mine" gain benefits. the node can serve other c-side clients mesh, such providing internet access, helping content distribution, and etc., there also chance obtain "accounting rights." this mechanism locks the value each individual who joins the intellishare mesh network. long you are willing share, you will rewarded. the following demo code partial poss algorithm schematic: intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet contract layer the contract layer, intellishare encapsulates various application scenarios and cases intelligence mesh through various scripts, algorithms, and smart contracts, that users can easily build various applications them, such content distribution systems, accurate data validation, point-to-point matching transactions, small amount payments and etc. the following partial instructions code for small amount payments: structure the intellishare network platform will provide support for clients the entire platform, including the following clients: web browsers, android clients, ios clients, clients. first all, the user experience alpha version for android clients and ios clients has been tested intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet internally, and the beta version have been gradually released the public. the distributed ledger system intellishare the distributed ledger records are the vital fundamental infrastructures, playing overwhelming part data storage and interaction the mesh internet. features this technology like decentralization, irreversibility and common accounting are key realizing the value system mesh internet closed environments for intellishare. intellishare ecology, utilizing the distributed accounting technology may help register the mesh internet nodes offering traffic, conduct the data-matching identification, and make the node port perform unique value authentication through time, loss and nodes fixed proportion and double-check according the comparison data-maintenance among nodes ensure their accuracy. the other hand, not merely aim offer the data-maintenance mesh nodes, but also support behavior-maintenance. that say, each time when the data corresponds unique matching timestamp, the acquirement and usage data will recorded the accounting books, and record data complete process comes into being, which contributes keeping the characters uniqueness and irreversibility for the data among nodes, and also laying safe foundation for the formation more gap points. meanwhile, are wielding the distributed accounting technology. the premise this, could conduct data exchange framework supported multiclass equipments the basis intellishare ecological equipments, stimulating the traffic supply and support among nodes consolidating and stabilizing the base station mesh internet. intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet intellishare mesh intellishare mesh, network platform for the mesh network business ecosystem. the integration traditional internet mesh network blockchain technique. intellishare mesh organic combination mesh and traditional networks, convenient and innovative network where the decentralized point-to-point distributed mobile scenarios, whose interconnection automatically optimized deeply rooted with block chain technique. the core the intellishare mesh allow each node the network send and receive signals, and solve the problems low expansion ability and poor transmission reliability that existed the ordinary wireless technology the past. large number the terminal equipments the network can automatically connected into net structure through wireless; each node the network has the function automatic routing. each node only communicates with the adjacent nodes and accesses the backbone network. therefore, self-organizing, self-managed intelligent network, flexible network that can built without the backbone intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet network. only the modules for wireless communication are required build the hoc network conveniently. can connected the internet through any relevant nodes. the mesh network the same protocol with different subnet can not only connected internet, can also merged directly into large mesh network through nodes. nodes are the cornerstone for building the mesh networks, the characteristics the nodes the intellishare mesh are: multiple frequency networking each node the intellishare mesh can use different frequency bands the post backing and accessing. the problem channel interference can solved using the unique optimization algorithm select the best channel automatically, which improve the network extension and communication performance. intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet anti-attenuation the signal strength the traditional mesh network would decline slowly with the skip the number the nodes. according our team's data model mesh network test the present stage, this attenuation rate can controlled about distributed key algorithm the "double key" confirmation method extended the concepts public keyserver and private keyserver. the connection confirmation the fixed nodes the underlying protocol link layer formed the public keyserver and the secondary confirmation formed the application layer shall determined the specific private keyserver. the "double key" model can form the confirmation scaled accurate data, and provide variety rich and accurate business scenarios and precise business scenarios that face the final customer for the intellishare mesh the business level. net pool technology the net pool technology the core technology the nodes the intellishare mesh. the extension features the nodes the intellishare mesh can break the quantity limitation the equipments, that the interconnecting equipments between the nodes not have corresponding connection problems with the increase the number nodes, they can maintain their smooth and multi-hop feature. the application scenarios intellishare mesh intellishare mesh dynamically and constantly expanding network framework using multiple frequency network,anti-attenuation,distributed key algorithm,net pool technology,etc. create exclusive mobile wireless lan for individuals organizations. with the extension the network scenarios and the complete matching equipments, the intellishare mesh build the basis blockchain technology can used the complement existing network, and form the pattern parallel networks. its application scenarios can widely used wireless intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet customized exclusive lan, non-network communications, network traffic balance, transportation networks, outdoor sharing economy, node online, scenarios, near-field social networking, and urban big data operations, making everything connected the internet reality. the realizable business form application scenarios can divided into: wireless customized exclusive local area network(lan) present, social organizations such urban communities, schools, commercial complexes, and enterprises mostly use wireless wifi wireless cellular telephones communicate. wireless mesh network that add adjust has faster and more flexible configurations than wired ap, and easy install and have lower costs. especially for organizations with frequent access points, intellishare mesh's flexible configuration and multi-hop architecture technology will effectively help their adjustment and upgrade. companies schools can use intellishare mesh create wireless lan environment that can both perform internal fine-grained management and communication well prevent external internet interference with the organization. intellishare upgrades the interaction mechanism commercial complexes, urban community advertising, and property management through blockchain mesh technology. currently, has been implemented the intellishare mesh lan for networkless communication, networkless distribution, fixed-point delivery, and networkless content release. intellishare mainly helps urban communities, schools, commercial complexes, corporations, villages and towns and other social organizations achieve point-to-point(pp) communications and dao autonomy. the purpose improve the organization's collaborative efficiency and guarantee the individual rights the organization's members. currently, has established cooperative relationships with multiple companies and has taken the lead the field enterprise integrated management and application. urban big data operation with the development science and technology, the construction and management urban intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet facilities the future will surely move toward digital and intelligent development. present, the landing projects for the internet things industry are more about urban infrastructure systems such traffic monitoring, sewage monitoring, and garbage monitoring. intellishare mesh can provide more convenient, stable, safe, and low-cost wireless underlying network for the "internet things" that consists sensors and smart devices throughout the city system. not only assists them the measurement, monitoring and analysis the core systems and information infrastructure the city's operations, but also locks the real value the large amount important data generated. network traffic balance present, people are accustomed internet-based internet life. the nb-iot and lte centralized mode adopted traditional mobile operators make all signals are transmitted the central server cluster through the base station. however, when the amount usage large, easy have network congestion. intellishare mesh breaks through the limit the number devices through its unique net pool technology, that is, the nodes connected each other not have corresponding congestion problems their number increases rapidly, and they keep the intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet network open and multi-hop feature any time. networkless communication around world, there are still many regions the world that are relatively poor and backward, and (about billion people) not have access the internet. due insufficient financial resources, remote geographical position, and too sparse population density, impossible carry out large amount telecommunications infrastructure these areas. the people there are completely the state "no network". compared with the traditional communication mode with high cost, intellishare relies the technical characteristics the blockchain+mesh network which only requires low costs allow users communicate with each other networkless environment, and can also jump into internet through the node synchronize with the world. similarly, intellishare mesh can used solve problems such wiring difficulties and high installation costs, allowing users use free and high-speed wireless networks other outdoor environments, such some scenic spots that are difficult reach because the long distances. transportation networks intellishare builds stable and unobstructed underlying communication network environment for the car network, which makes each high-speed moving vehicle become node with multiple frequency networking, anti-attenuation, distributed key algorithm, multi-hope extension and other characteristics. can promote the vehicle truly become mobile communication terminal with intelligent applications, realize the functions unmanned driving and safe rescue the vehicle; can also transmit all traffic information within the urban traffic system, thereby avoiding traffic jams and solving the problem public parking. this low-cost, even zero-cost, data transmission network will extended the global scope and can include areas such water, air, and ground transportation the future. outdoor sharing economy intellishare mesh network also ideally suited for use outdoor shared devices such ofo, intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet mobike, and shared power bank. after the installation intellishare mesh, these shared devices can realize the zero cost communication between the devices. this will greatly reduce the operating costs the sharing economy and provide low-cost underlying network environment for more common equipment the future. node online industrial iot requires that nodes must "always online." ordinary iot nodes often need rejoin the network due connection failure. this can cause network attacks, consume lot network bandwidth resources, and even lead "network partitions". for example, using intellishare the field unmanned factories, the communication mode between robots can improved from two aspects: the one hand, each robot has built-in hardware key. the identity derived from the private key enhances the authentication, ensures the security the communication based the digital signature, and prevents the proliferation false information and intrusion illegal devices. the other hand, intellishare mesh's features such self-repaired, self-management, multiple frequency networking, anti-attenuation, and balance can ensure the uninterrupted internal communications unmanned factories, and iot nodes are always online. scenario support (augmented reality), augmented reality technique, technique for calculating the location and angle the camera image and adding the corresponding image, video, and model. the goal this technology put the virtual world the real world and interact with screen, which with strong sense substitution. with the enhancement cpu computing capability electronic products, the use augmented reality technique will become more and more extensive the future. however, due the high interaction cost data transmission and location between men well man and substance can not popularized. the underlying network intellishare mesh architecture has the characteristics low cost, anti-attenuation, self-extension, and self-networking, which provides information channel scenes for various projects, such games, military, medical, and on, that the technology truly realized, intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet and more people experience the world the fusion real environment and virtual objects. near-field social networking close communication between people still depends voice and body movements whether elevators, subways, underground parking, tunnels, and there are many obstacles communicate closely with acquaintances and strangers. intellishare can solve people-to-people and face-to-face social issues the near-field. people can connect with other people form mobile lan, share bandwidth and flow resources, conduct point-to-point data transmission, and complete near-field social networking while ensuring privacy installing intellishare mesh mobile phones. this can fill the market gap left the traditional internet social platform and solve variety social issues arising from face-to-face interactions between people real life. ioe (intellishare mesh everything) ibm predicts that more than billion devices will interconnected and will have huge communication needs. relying traditional network technology transmit data will have extremely high network operating costs. the internet things, combination with intellishare, builds self-organized network with distributed transmission functions that can optimize lora and nb-lot. this not only ensures the security data, but also allows internet things companies avoid spending huge sums money build their own private networks, saving the cost internet things companies. intellishare mesh can ensure variety smart devices complete the point-to-point data zero cost transmission quickly and easily, providing data transmission network environment for variety application scenarios the internet things. any equipments that need connected can added into intellishare mesh two ways: equipments with external built-in chip with sspu. direct carry out firmware upgrading for the compatible chips. coverage mobile payment intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet all the intellishare equipments are interconnected for common use. from the scope application, can small covering floor, community; large covering city, even covering the entire region realize the wireless intellishare communication, and bring better information service and life experience more importantly, the case widespread node coverage, any sing.le node can easily connect the wan through certain jump. moreover, these devices themselves can also the blockchain node confirm the data, gradually achieve non-blind area mobile payment function. with the promotion electronic terminal equipments that have the function intellishare nodes, all intellishare smart devices can implement peer-to-peer information transmission, and multiple nodes form dedicated local area network. each dedicated local area network can have high data storage and processing capabilities and bandwidth conditions, with functions such custom distribution, flow provisioning, subscription division convenient payment, and mining revenue. this actually "super node" the internet world. intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet this"super node", each terminal node records and locks its own value the "super node" through the blockchain consensus mechanism, and then through the interconnection between the "super node" and the outside world (directly indirectly) achieves value locking and exchange. intellishare will build new multi-layered network landscape smart homes, smart communities, smart cities, and even the entire society. intellishare also provides and support hardware and prototype, product equipment will brought out step step, which testing the alpha version the devices including: intellishare router new intellishare mesh technologies, elaborate appearance, powerful kernel, build-in loop aerial, strong signal and wide coverage. intelligent optimization path, wiring installation and plug-and-play provides the best experience for customers. intellishare powerbank built-in mesh chip, acquires the signal the surrounding networks automatically, connect weak password route intellishare nodes automatically and become the "mobile intellishare nodes". select the best path and the strongest signal automatically and self-organize lan with other intellishare nodes create carry-on mesh network that truly belongs you. intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet distribution plan intellishare token (ine) the issuance digital asset intellishare token,hereinafter referred intellishare token (ine). this stage, ine token the smart contract based ethereum. ethereum open source and public distributed computing platform, provides distributed turning-complete virtual machine support the operation intelligent contract. block chain digital asset build the basis latest distributed consensus algorithm used for trading and supporting digital assets, and paying the service charge block chain transaction, circulated around the world. use intellishare the basic unit ine token. intellishare equipments the basis intellishare, combine block chain technology with intellishare mesh, use token mechanism stimulate the addition and sharing each node, let the server, the user and the owner benefit from it, thereby creating new ecosystem sharing economic cycle value networks. distribution plan reserved for mining: angel investment: reward early investment incubators and individuals and promote rewards for long-term stages. intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet reward for the research and development team: for the long-term research and development technology.promotes the continuously perfect technology and rewards for long-term stages reward feedback the community: encourage the developing community technology and the application products. intellishare foundation: maintain the operation the foundation, promote the maintenance the value network digital asset and create the ecosphere intellishare. unlock plan reserved for mining: %(locked position) angel investment: (locked position) gradually put the market for six months after issuance, the first release: unlock after months: unlock after months: unlock the rest after months: development team holds locks for two years, gradually puts the market the third year after issuance, releasing for the first time: unlocks for the fourth year: unlocks after the fifth year: unlock the rest after the sixth year: reward feedback the community complete distribute years. first year: second fifth: each. intellishare fundation locks for two years, and gradually put the market according the needs the foundation's operation. detailed rules and regulations for issuance the total amount the ine issuance ,,; the total amount constant and will never increase. ine corresponds the use dt(digital token) and dapp. the digital asset not issued the central bank, credit institutions, and electronic money institutions, the problem decentration and trustless solved block chain, transmitted through encryption intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet algorithm, and collection and payment tool based the circulation and application virtual specific environment. believe that the core value the future ine lies in: the value the collection and payment tool under the application environment: its value derives from the market demand the application environment. characteristics the digital asset when analogy metallic currencies: the quantity digital asset controlled strictly. will applied the application environment the continuous developed new basic chain, its use value and circulation value will greatly improved, and long-term digital asset holding scheme. application experience and earnings ine adopts pos consensus mechanism, which make gains earnings the mobile terminals the nodes that provide the service will have corresponding token return; for the users intellishare mesh, they also have the chance obtain token return. accept the issuance content and acquire the share the token. for example: promotion information the merchants, advertisement release, and network communication. share network resources, gain token reward there are token rewards for the nodes that provide the service. for example: nodes provide internet channel other intelligent devices, that the shared traffic can rewarded with certain token. you put the ine that would not transacted for the moment into the intellishare wallet, you will have regular and stable dividend earnings. along with the completion intellishare public chain, all the ine tokens will mapped onto its own public chain intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet intellishare fund council intellishare foundation intellishare foundation (inif) headquartered boulder, united states and npo established major bloackchain research and development companies and venture capital institutes. the foundation devotes itself the promotion bloackchain knowledge, manufacturing ,research and development bloackchain technology, and the drive for the development blockchain industrialization. board institute order maintain the sustainability, management effectivity, and fund-raising security, intellishare would establish intellishare board institute regulate its organization and activities, and protect legal rights the institute, relevant profiteers and users. the institute must obey the constitution, laws, rules, regulations and relevant national policies. board team the board institute intellishare governs commerce committee, finance committee, human resource committee, personnel committee, joint representative committee technical committee major events, business committee, and finally, personnel committed jointly-elected finance and human resource committee. the chairman the joint representative committee elected joint representatives and responsible for affairs daily management. joint representative committee the highest decision-making institute, whose jobs include: modifying management regulations intellishare. supervising the realization intellishare regulations. hiring firing the chairman joint representative committee well leading officers committees. formulating modifying important decisions. members the joint committee have term five years, and after members the joint committee receives full term, the technical committee, business committee, financial and intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet personnel management committee would again vote for new members, who would represent intellishare board make important and urgent decisions and need accept credit extension investigation. technical committee: technical committee intellishare responsible for the development bottom-level technologies well the development, examination and management various products. specifically they include: code management, code development, code tests, code examinations, debugging and online initialization code. setting project-tracing meetings communicate project progress and needs. exploring scenarios intellishare application for business realization. allowed non-open sourced for examination codes, public chains, union chains and private chains. business committee: responsible for the promotion intellishare technology well products original chains, and the joint various resources. shapes the brand image intellishare, build cooperate culture and establish and improve various administrative regulations. responsible for public/relation issues. any events that affect the reputation the board,the committee replies publicly after inner examination and evaluation. finance and human resource management committee: responsible for project fund-raising application and examination, salary management, and daily operation cost examination, etc. responsible for various administrative issues, such the drafting relevant files, discussion and arrangement meetings, etc. intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet team introduction core team raymond xiong project founder, ceo &cto master computer california state university former sky support senior advisor, los angeles area has worked data acquisition, processing system development and algorithm research the united states for more than ten years. has participated the research and development early blockchain technologies and has authoritative views the landing and application scenarios blockchain technologies. eric zhu ph.d/general architect technology/leader intellishare shanghai team doctor computer fudan university expert expert committee shanghai cloud computing promotion center expert open source committee shanghai software promotion center member openstack china community expert group, former chief engineer pudong software park. has been engaged the research and development technologies and products the field communication technology and high-performance computing for more than ten years. has published many papers international rank conferences and sci journals. edgar lei/senior software engineer/leader intellishare silicon valley team master computer science university buffalo, new york participated the establishment the financial company gmbp capital build the fintech system serves senior software engineer design and develop cloud data system tesla america silicon valley corporation responsible for the design and development cloud data systems. has more than ten years experience software development for companies the united states. gurinder bhangoo senior software engineer head intellishare theden blockchain intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet educational organization silicon valley chief blockchain instructor peerbuds early members crypto world which world famous digital encryption technology community famous blockchain technologist silicon valley the early developers blockchain smart contracts. has considerable experience developing blockchain, distributed ledger technology, smart contracts, and encrypted transactions. alfredo aguirre valdez senior software engineer co- founder rino soluciones,technology interviewer tesla leads apple, github develops multiple applications. his customers include american express and bbva compass. lin ph.d senior software engineer ph.d. computer washington university st. louis distributed parallel system laboratory architect and data scientist huawei silicon valley research center former member intel wimax technology and business development team, cuda library development team, and balsa consulting group. has published more than ten ieee/acm top-level international conferences and more than ten journal papers, obtained three u.s. patents, and has been the judge and reviewer for more than international conferences and journals the field parallel computing. zhang ph.d/ senior software engineer ph.d. electronic information engineering university buffalo, the state university new york. currently works the project technical manager bak, startup company new york state, responsible for the development and management mobile electronic products. has more than years research the technical principles wireless communication, many intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet years experience mobile electronic product development and management. his research areas include algebra, topology, massive mimo, mesh network, etc. yuhao wang ph.d senior software engineer ph.d. electronics and electrical engineering nanyang technological university, singapore postdoctoral scholar carnegie mellon university currently works the development integrated circuit eda software the synology technology corporation silicon valley and researches blockchain algorithms against asic. has published more than ten papers about computer architecture, machine learning, and cryptography. also serves reviewer for several international journals. rui wang senior software engineer master computer science stevens university technology, full stack development engineer google years experience software development for companies the united states. xiaosong zheng/ senior software engineer former shopex e-commerce system architect, with nine years software system architecture and development, technical team management experience. technical consultant for large customer shopex e-commerce bc, bbc and other system. congcong jiang/ senior software engineer has about years software system architecture and development, technical team management experience and has worked axa, pioneer, denso and other world top enterprises. has successively led and participated the development various toyota, lexus car control systems, and has achieved good response the market. then was responsible for the company's micro-services, distributed services, and automated testing and other business. during this period restructured the company's overall web architecture expert the blockchain development language golang, led the development blockchains for intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet multiple golang languages. hengtian yao product design director master mechanical engineering, university buffalo, new york, chair cssa student council senior product structure/industrial appearance designer nicholas wan chief financial officer (cfo) master degree accounting management university buffalo, new york/ bachelor accounting daemen college, new york american certified management accountant(cma), member the american institute management accountants (ima) has worked financial management area for many years and familiar with various types financial applications, sorting out financial status, and managing the company's systematic financial environment. john win/investor/chief capital operating officer founder sum tim investment management has more than years experience asset management the a+h era, was the president listed company hong kong, and was the director risk control for capital market operations. has served trainer capital operations for derivative companies hong kong. wanlong gao/investor/capital manager investment director shenzhen construction fusion group former deputy general manager business banking department thailand kasikorn bank, shenzhen branch. marketing director tairan road business department guosen has been engaged foreign-invested banks and has served domestic well-known securities dealers for over years. proficient equity investment and financial derivatives trading. the service assets the team that leads exceed rmb billion. intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet senior advisors team bina ramamurthy ph.d/ technical advisor ph.d. electrical engineering from the university buffalo, buffalo, ny. she research associate professor university buffalo, computer science and engineering department, the director blockchain thinklab that was created with award from university buffalo presidential circle funding. she has been the principal investigator four national science foundation (nsf) grants and co-investigator six instructional innovative instructional technology grants (iitg) from suny. she recently launched four-course blockchain specialization coursera platform for the worldwide online audience. her current research data science with emphasis computational models and distributed systems. for the past two years, she has been actively involved blockchain research, education and industrial collaboration. terry xing ph.d/ technical advisor chief technology officer umining dr. computer the united states, eba outstanding talent. research direction distributed systems, cloud computing and multiple networks. rich world top development and research experience. has published more than papers, books and patents (items) related journals and conferences. the same time, has participated judge and reviewer the evaluation more than top magazines and conferences the world. kevin zhu technical advisor chief product officer corfire. former technical development supervisor sprint and jvl, led the omnyway technical team launch the big data commerce pipeline platform for payment tools kohls pay and ibm pay. jerry zhang ph.d/finance advisor doctor engineering princeton university intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet former fund manager yes foundation new york responsible for high-tech project investment current pinmoceo consultant, quantum fund partner and co-founder media studios ronnie sun product planning consultant mba alfred sloan school management master data and information technology university california, berkeley former senior consultant booz allen hamilton currently works the product planning department apple's headquarters and responsible for the sales forecast the iphone product line and the formulation production plans. shaun jia marketing analyst master science university cincinnati former amazon software engineer. currently serves senior software engineer linkedin, responsible for r&d and incremental growth advertising products. has spent years studying and investing stocks, and specializes medium and long-term trend analysis technology stocks. intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet risk warning and disclaimer risk warning for ine exchangers, please read the intellishare white paper carefully gain thorough understanding the risk-return characteristics intellishare and take into account your own risk appetite, take rational participation and make prudent decision. whether ine buyer, consumer, investor, you may exposed the following risks: trading risk: when the intellishare token enters market transaction, the price may rise fall and price fluctuations may cause loss. policy risk: blockchain innovation, the current policy regulation not clear. therefore, any change policy may have impact the project itself the market price. business cycle risk: there cyclicality for any industry. the blockchain industry also has cyclicality. after the market turns from bull market bear market, most projects will affected. cyber security risks: blockchain technology also built the internet and hacker attacks can result project and customer losses. development progress risk: since blockchain science and technology innovation, there are precedents many fields. there may risk that technology development will not reach the expected level technology product development. the risk core brain drain: there very short supply chain block talent. loss core technical personnel and operational personnel team may have greater impact the product community. technical risks: the application blockchain technology very fast its application iteration. there may risk product loss and users' loss due technical imperfections. addition, there are some unknown risks, and participants are also asked consider carefully before buying and investing. buyers should understand that intellishare items will not refunded under any circumstances. intellishare, the team will make rational use digital assets, abide their duties, perform honest and diligent obligations, and conduct product intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet development, business expansion and community maintenance. note: intellishare token only represents the right credit inquiry intellishare, which does not represent contain any rights, uses, purposes, functions characteristics. although intellishare token may able trade, they are not money, securities, goods any other type financial instruments. disclaimer this article for informational purposes only and does not constitute any opinion the transaction related digital assets. any similar proposals inquiries will carried out under trustworthy clause and under applicable laws, and the above information analysis does not constitute investment decisions specific suggestions. this document does not constitute any investment intentions instigation investment. this document not composed understood provide any act sale, nor any forms contract commitment. the sponsor clearly stated that users should have clear understanding the risk investment. investors participate the investment, they will understand and accept the risk the project, and are willing undertake all the corresponding results consequences for them. the platform expressly disclaims any direct indirect losses caused the participation the chain (ine), including the economic loss caused the users' erroneous transaction operations, any errors negligence inaccuracy caused the personal understanding, and personal trading losses any action caused all kinds block chain assets. intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet contact information intellishare (boulder): broadway st, stec, boulder ,united states intellishare (hongkong): room f., central building, des voeux road central, hong kong zip code: intellishare (shenzhen): floor, shenzhen shuiwan free trade center building, nanshan district, shenzhen zip code: tech support: hongkong united digital technology limited intellishare official website: intellishare.io e-mail genera support:support@intellishare.io white paper working group: whitepaper@intellishare.io global community: global-community@intellishare.io public relations: pr@intellishare.io investor relations: ir@intellishare.io intellishare council: capital-council@intellishare.io intellishare foundation: registered the united states, non-profit organization with global development team. intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet references hall. kad quasar, (). https:// github.com kadtools kad-quasa argyraki cheriton active internet traffic filtering: real-time response denital-of-seriveice attacks// proceedings the use-nix annual technical conference. anaheim, ca, usa, paulson stopping intruders outside the gates. ieee computer, ):- hinden: ednokia. virtual router redundancy protocol, subramanian al. overqos: offering internet qos using overlays proceedings the workshop hot topics networks (hot nets-i). new jersey, usa, yating liu. overview for wireless mesh network and prospect //information communications.() chuang lin, lei lei. research next generation internet architecture chinese journal computers. ,(-) haiyue huang yanxue feng. wireless mesh network hybrid routing protocol load balancing. improved (j) mintellishareature microcomputer system, greenhalgh handley huici using routing and tunneling combat dos tacks proceeding use-nix workshop steps reducing unwanted traffic the internet(sruti). cambridge, ma, usa, xinyou zhang. network engineering technology and experimental course [m] beijing: tsinghua university press club, intellishare blockchain mesh ecosystem for next generation internet -------------------- -------------------- contents description this document the first version the white book the "intellishare focus the strategic objectives and technical roadmap the "intellishare the future, will continue upgrade this document reflect the latest development the "intellishare for the latest edition, roadmap, team, foundation governance, investors, strategic partners and other information the white paper, please visit the official website. copyright notice the copyright this document belongs intellishare foundation, all rights reserved. copyright (c) copyright intellishare foundation all rights reserved the end