investdigital one-stop platform for cryptocurrency investment abstract .............................................................................................................. iii chapter cryptocurrency investment ........................................................... trends cryptocurrencies ................................................................................ market cryptocurrency investment ............................................................. requirements cryptocurrency investment ................................................. mission investdigital ...................................................................................... chapter products and application investdigital ................................... quantitative tools ............................................................................................... cryptocurrency investment community .......................................................... cryptocurrency funds issuance tool ................................................................ cryptocurrency funds accelerator service ..................................................... cryptocurrency funds market ........................................................................... diversified cryptocurrency investment products .......................................... cryptocurrency etf............................................................................................. cryptocurrency fof ............................................................................................ chapter investdigital overview ................................................................... business model .................................................................................................... investdigital token ............................................................................................ token distribution plan ..................................................................................... chapter technology architecture ............................................................... technology architecture ................................................................................... oracle machine data feeder ........................................................................... investdigital core .............................................................................................. funds issuance .................................................................................................. purchasing .......................................................................................................... redeeming .......................................................................................................... dividend distributing .......................................................................................... share transferring ............................................................................................. token mechanism .............................................................................................. investdigital marketplace ................................................................................ strategy/fund leaderboards............................................................................ fund workshop .................................................................................................. fund market ........................................................................................................ investment community ..................................................................................... investdigital auditor ......................................................................................... fund audit ........................................................................................................... abnormal tracking ............................................................................................. investdigital toolset.......................................................................................... strategy development and back-testing framework ................................... firm trading tools ............................................................................................. formal verification services ............................................................................. chapter technical innovation ...................................................................... the the the the first first first first intelligent investment protocol based the eos blockchain trusted asset management with eos oracle machine .............. investment platform using formal verification technology ...... reputation mechanism supporting anonymous rating ............. chapter implementation and iteration investdigital .......................... roadmap ............................................................................................................. ecology development ....................................................................................... abstract the global market capitalization for cryptocurrencies the rise with the growing demand for cryptocurrency assets. professional investors the traditional finance (such fund managers, quantitative traders, etc.) are entering this field. order establish the connection between general investors and digital asset managers and guarantee the general investor's trust asset management services, put forward investdigital, one-stop investment service platform for cryptocurrency. investdigital committed building the complete ecology cryptocurrency investments and building financial services infrastructure for the disorganized cryptocurrency market. investdigital will provide one-stop solution for cryptocurrency asset managers help them easily create and securely manage cryptocurrency funds. with investdigital, general investors can perform one-click direct investment fund products that match their risk appetites and yield expectations. investdigital ecology also introduces tool providers and data providers, provide algorithmic traders with quantitative tools and data services for the cryptocurrency market, helping them better shape their investment strategy. the white paper explains the market demands, products and services, business models, technology roadmap, and token mechanisms investdigital. iii chapter cryptocurrency investment trends cryptocurrencies with the rapid development blockchain technology, cryptocurrencies represented bitcoin has ushered blowout terms market capitalization and transaction volume. present, the overall market value cryptocurrencies the world has exceeded billion u.s. dollars. its daily trading volume ushered historic peak billion u.s. dollars november michael novogratz, one the greatest wall street investment managers, predicts that the global market capitalization for cryptocurrencies will reach trillion u.s. dollars five years. cryptocurrency attracting more attention from traditional investment industries. recently, the chicago mercantile exchange (cme) and the chicago board options exchange (cboe) announced plans launch bitcoin futures the fourth quarter subsequently, the nasdaq stock exchange also announced plans launch future contracts based bitcoin figure trends global cryptocurrencies market investment cryptocurrency present, cryptocurrencies are just emerging and retail investors account for most the proportion. with their further maturity, more and more professional investors will involved. mature market, professional investors are the main body the market, while general investors are more inclined seek help from professional fund managers. take the stock market example, according the data the scale capital, the stock market close trillion u.s. dollars total; the fund size equity funds trillion u.s. dollars and the fund market value accounts for the total. for the turnover, the proportion institutions more than based this projection, the cryptocurrency investment market will mature more than trillion u.s. dollars. there reason believe that with the increasing abundance various derivatives and quantitative tools the global cryptocurrency investment market, professional investors will become the dominant market for cryptocurrencies. requirements cryptocurrency investment cryptocurrency new concept which requires strong investment expertise. cryptocurrency investment the transitional phase from the initial stage the mature stage. this stage, both general investors and professional investors are constrained many aspects the market for cryptocurrency investment. for general investors, there lack knowledge and skills for cryptocurrency investments, which urgently requires professional asset management services. the first the lack knowledge. the various types cryptocurrencies require the investors not only understand its basic principles, but also handle tedious operations, such purse management, opening accounts the exchange and deal-making, which have made large number potential investors discouraged. the second the inadequate investment skills. without programmatic trading tool, difficult handle the trading; without understanding derivative instruments such futures contracts, hard hedge the high volatility risk. third, cryptocurrency assets management services and investment community have not yet developed, and there reliable way for general investors find professional cryptocurrency funds, which makes difficult clearly understand all the three aspects: cryptocurrency market, financial investment knowledge and their own risk tolerance. therefore, seeking professional services asset management institutions also the realistic demand individual investors. for professional investors, there lack access general investors and quantitative tools, and difficult get trusted investors. first, the lack channels makes difficult establish links with general investors, therefore many excellent investment strategies struggle raise enough funds. second, due the lack strategy for cryptocurrency investment, back-testing and firm trading tools, difficult for traditional algorithm traders enter the emerging market cryptocurrency. third, without mature market supervision, difficult for the real performance the fund and the safe custody the capital account either prove innocent, get trusted general investors. therefore, the cryptocurrency investment market needs one-stop service platform that fulfill the demands both general and professional investors help the majority participants quickly discover and realize the investment value cryptocurrency. figure one-stop investment platform for cryptocurrencies mission investdigital investdigital, builder global intelligence cryptocurrency investment ecology, dedicated creating one-stop platform for cryptocurrency investment services with digital asset management protocol and toolsets the eos blockchain; providing the basic financial services for the rapidly expanding cryptocurrency market; building complete ecology from content/tools (investment discussions) investment strategies (portfolios) financial products (funds), making more efficient market; and helping allocate the limited financial resources most efficiently the investments that generate the greatest returns and thereby enhance the public welfare the entire ecology. figure mission chapter products and application investdigital figure investdigital application quantitative tools investdigital offers wealth strategy developing tools and back-testing environments that can help develop cryptocurrency trading strategies for different investment styles, risk appetites and revenue forecasts, such investment and hedge single cryptocurrency, portfolio multiple cryptocurrencies (e.g. etf), cryptocurrency contracts, futures, etc., and use the exchange data conduct back-testing, stimulate firm trading verification credible environment, improve the effectiveness quantitative strategies and enrich the quantitative investment ecology cryptocurrency. cryptocurrency community investment investdigital provides investment community based the follow-up relationship between users, which can meet the personalized needs investors for investment information, help investors find valuable trading strategies and asset management products, and help eliminate blind angles information reduce uncertainty investment decisions. the investment community can generate effective content and social relations, which will further promote the transaction; the same time, social relations will improve credit that can used financial transactions further ensure the reliability. when browsing the pages each investment product investdigital, users can see the huge amount content generated investors around easily extract the characteristics investment products' returns and risks. visiting each investor's page, users can see the funds interested and know his trading style. the characteristics the investment product match the investor's preferences, the transaction likely get concluded. cryptocurrency funds issuance tool excellent algorithmic traders and asset managers can use investdigital apply for issuance funds and asset management products preserve and enhance the value their digital assets while collecting service commissions. investdigital offers series smart contracts complete the automated issuance funds, which can significantly shorten the time takes for the fund established and reduce the cost establishing and running the fund. fund issuance and smart contract management provides storage product pricing, trading rules, exchange information, transaction execution, chained data access, portfolio related data, etc., well management fee settings and dividend calculations. cryptocurrency funds accelerator service investdigital provides performance demonstrations for smaller funds, such sub-$ million funds, help them get funding the platform and find potential resources. when the size the fund has grown million, very difficult reach customers one one. investdigital will select and further promote the funds with stronger profitability, diversified returns and lower market correlation. investdigital will hold fund contest observe the performance the participating funds for period time. after the observation period, investdigital and its partners will conduct due diligence over the elected funds and talk the fund managers achieve the final result. support the funds includes but not limited continuous online and offline media promotion and branding, financial support based the practical scale, strategy quantity, strategy capacity and other factors, entrance the consignment observation pool and reduction the agency fee appropriate. cryptocurrency funds market investdigital provides cryptocurrency funds market, offering product demonstrations and sales services outstanding funds the platform, allowing investors see more the fund's competitiveness and excellent performance and thus choosing investment targets wider range. investdigital also offers display and consignment services other out-ofplatform funds. investdigital also cryptocurrency fund investment portal where investors match and invest their own investment demands obtain payment dependent notes generated the form smart contracts. during the operation the product, the cryptocurrency quantitative products automatically conclude the transactions the investdigital intelligent trading system and dynamically adjust the parameters the trading strategy according the market changes during the transactions realize the goal value-adding the assets, and automatically obtain the investment returns after the products expire. diversified investment products cryptocurrency investdigital will committed providing developing rich portfolio cryptocurrencies that will accelerate cryptocurrency important asset allocation option for traditional financial institutions, fintech companies, and high net worth investors, driving the tide cryptocurrency investment. cryptocurrency etf response the asset allocation demands both passive and flexible investors, investdigital and its developer ecology will work creating cryptocurrency index, tracking the performance multiple cryptocurrencies and developing rich cryptocurrency etf products, such cryptocurrency funds, steady cryptocurrency funds, etc., fill vacancies fund products the cryptocurrency market. cryptocurrency fof investdigital and its developer ecology are committed building fof portfolio order reduce the risks asset allocation and proactive management, thereby reducing the investment threshold. scientific performance attribution the net value and positions the funds, can select the appropriate sub-fund, and develop configuration programs and investment strategies form fof products. through continuous monitoring during operation, will ensure that there significant deviation between the current position the parent fund and the hedging configuration, ensure the stability the overall risk the parent fund. chapter investdigital overview business model figure business model investdigital investdigital offers full life cycle services for cryptocurrency funds. algorithmic traders write, back-test, and firm implement their own investment strategy through the toolset. investdigital will select outstanding strategies based their firm performance form fund product issued the fund market. the same time, investdigital will provide fund accelerator services potential strategies ensure that outstanding strategies can fully promoted help them obtain sufficient funds. investdigital fund market will take the funds' net value, the maximum retracement and other technical indicators the basis for fund rankings, investors who are interested cryptocurrencies can select fund products which match their own risk appetites and return expectations for investment. throughout the process, the back-testing results, firm data, net value information, etc. the strategies will recorded the blockchain eos prediction machine, guarantee the authenticity and effectiveness the data with tampering, and protect the investors from fraud; algorithm traders' updates and changes strategies will also written into the blockchain prevent malicious operation; the same time, the fund's subscripting, redeeming and dividend distributing will performed through formal verification the smart contract guarantee the security funds and fairness investment; also, traders' data historical performance along with evaluations from traders and investors will recorded the blockchain, promoting ecological development from multi-constraint perspective. investdigital token investdigital will issue idt (investdigital token), unified token, stimulate and safeguard the healthy development ecology and facilitate the organic flow multiple parties the community. idt token the local currency the investdigital ecology based the ethereum erc token standard, and will transferred eos after the launch eos main network. the scenarios use are follows: figure flow investdigital token algorithm trader: idt tokens will consumed for using investdigital's related data services and toolsets; launching funds investdigital marketplace; participating community management, displaying and promoting their own strategies, and creating intimate group chat. cryptocurrency investors: investors can use idt tokens obtain investor privileges investdigital marketplace, such product recommendations, research reports, private services, etc. providers data services and tools: idt tokens rewards will issued the data providers, toolset providers, and smart contract formal verification providers the investdigital community encourage them provide high quality service. cryptocurrency fund manager: the performance display and sales cryptocurrency funds through investdigital marketplace consume idt tokens. token distribution plan token allocation angel and cornerstone investors token sale team business development community development total supply: million tokens the total supply idt million, million idt tokens are taken angel and cornerstone investors, million idt tokens are distributed through token sale, million idt tokens are held investdigital team, another million idt tokens are proposed used for business development and the last million idt tokens will used for community development. idt tokens will released within month after the token sale, and the tokens held investdigital team and the bonus portion for angel and cornerstone investors will have long-term vesting period. the proceeds raised from the token sale are intended used for the following purposes: fund the development, research and establishment the investdigital platform; marketing and operating expenses related investdigital platform. chapter technology architecture technology architecture investdigital established the eos blockchain infrastructure, mainly includes oracle machine data feeder, investdigital core, investdigital auditor, investdigital marketplace and toolset. figure technology architecture investdigital oracle machine data feeder oracle machine data feeder reliable data acquisition service. building multi-morphological prediction machine, the algorithmic traders can access the open data the exchange, the centralized market data forecast, and the encrypted data. these data help algorithmic traders optimize portfolios and investment strategies; data providers also receive economic rewards (tokens) and internal rating enhancements that motivate them consistently deliver high-quality data. investdigital core investdigital core offers cryptocurrency fund products subscripting, share transfer, redeeming, dividend distributing and other services based smart contracts, well trader management fee calculation and other functions. funds issuance investdigital will allow traders with good firm performance and bad credit history issue their own funds the fund market. for the centralized exchanges: investors will transfer cryptocurrency into the smart contract account under multi-party control and obtain the corresponding fund shares. the cryptocurrency the exchange account can only withdrawn the smart contract account, guarantee the security investors' funds. for the decentralized exchanges: with the continuous improvement decentralized trading techniques, investdigital will also support fund products based decentralized exchanges for low latency and low rates. the entire investment and dividend distributing process utilizes cross-chain atomic exchange technique, automated through set smart contracts decentralized transaction network. purchasing for open-end funds, the total share not fixed, investors can purchase any time concerning their own circumstances. purchase correspondingly upon the generated shares. the share each investor given fund can expressed the following formula: holding shares proportion total shares the share price the fund time takes the unit investment cryptocurrency (such btc, eos, etc.) given the fund, determined the price vector virtual assets the fund portfolio the current moment. p>? represents the price the cryptocurrency for the given investment cryptocurrency the fund ti. when the user invests given investment cryptocurrencies fund investdigital will generate shares for this investor. investdigital supports investors with one-click direct investment based variety mainstream cryptocurrencies. investdigital has originated the cross-chain atomic exchange technology based the fair exchange protocol, guarantee the mutual exchange assets among different blockchain systems according the agreed rules among multiple parties that not trust each other, and ensure the convenience funds purchasing. redeeming conduct redeeming destructing the investor's share. when investor applies for redemption, n=q*p units investment cryptocurrency will obtained. since the stock price (cryptocurrency price) dynamically changing, the that investor redeemed will also change. the same time, investdigital will destruct the previous shares held the investor (to update the fund shares after redemption) ensure dynamic market equilibrium. the net value fund time can calculated using the following formula: afg p>? h>? where h>? represents the amount digital assets held the fund ti. during the implementation the strategy, traders can dynamically adjust and update the strategy according the external environment, recorded the eos blockchain through eos prediction machine service, and regularly publicizes the net value and other indicators ensure the correctness the fund's stock price. dividend distributing investdigital will distribute the fund dividend through smart contract. take trustworthy fund net value and investor share provided eos predictors the input, and automatically distribute dividends investors. for investment managers, management fees and commissions will offered. management fees are determined the size the funds being managed while commissions are determined the performance the funds. commission are generally calculated the following two methods: high water method: investment managers can get commission only when the performance the fund worse than the benchmark given when the fund established; step-ladder method: delineating the intervals the performance the fund, each interval, investment managers can get different percentage the commission. addition, investdigital also supports the way division agreed investment managers and investors. share transferring for closed-end funds, investors will blocked soon they reach defined limit and will not able conduct purchasing and redeeming. investdigital will provide share transfer function internally provide platform for investors conclude transactions fund shares and cryptocurrency. token mechanism investdigital, idt tokens, the local currency circulating within the platform, underpin the continued operation the entire model, and are important credential within community governance. paying with idts, cryptocurrency investors, quantitative traders and fund managers can gain access range functional modules investdigital; within the community, the decision-making powers various proposals will allocated based idt holdings. the same time, idt, monetary incentive economics, will continuously inspire data providers and tool providers provide better services. investdigital marketplace investdigital marketplace the web portal investdigital ecology and offers wide range services including strategy/fund leaderboards, fund workshop, fund market and investment community. strategy/fund leaderboards investdigital offers multi-dimensional leaderboard performance strategy/fund issued and supports demonstrating strategy/fund performance based their valuation indicators (including absolute return, maximum drawdown, sharpe ratio, etc.). can assist investors different needs quickly find the most suitable fund. meanwhile, the transparent and untampering characteristics blockchain technology will protect the interests the outstanding traders, whose good strategies and good investment skills will fairly and equitably displayed. fund workshop investdigital joins several investment institutions seek for investment managers and funds (strategies) that have growth potential and investment value, and provide multi-dimensional support potential and high-quality funds (strategies) including but not limited to: ongoing online and offline media promotion and branding; financial support considering comprehensive factors such practical scale, strategy quantity and strategy capacity; entrance the consignment observation pool with lower due diligence requirements for agency consignment appropriate; and other supports that high-quality funds need. fund market through the investdigital fund market, unobstructed link between investors and funds established. fund market offers different types and portfolios fund products, investors can directly invest their favorite funds, and investdigital's strong technical system along with secure smart contracts can fully guarantee the interests investors. investment managers can make the performance speak through the fund market, and access clients short time. investdigital's advanced evaluation and arbitration system also eliminates lot unnecessary troubles, even there dispute, can fairly and quickly solved. investdigital fund market encourages outstanding traders issue their own funds, and also welcome the other fund agencies display and sell their own fund products. are committed creating truly secure mutual trust platform for cryptocurrency investment. investment community investdigital aims provide the complete ecology cryptocurrency investment. result, the development digital funds will continue breed discussions cryptocurrency investment. order enable investors find fair, open and high-quality information exchange carrier, help investment managers and tools/data providers quickly access market needs and user feedback, investdigital will provide discussion community based the user's follow relationship. the same time, discussions investdigital products will automatically tagged related products: users can get into the product details page through the tags when browsing the community, and they can also see the relevant discussions within the community when browsing the product. the current cryptocurrency investment market, information can significantly affect the investment thinking investors. due the specificity investment community, often difficult for investors immediately tell the value information received. instead, they need make accurate judgments based the follow-up trend the market. often not credible determine the value the content simply the flow (reading volume, number like, comments and reposts, etc.). however, investment-oriented communities, there are often kol promoting funds with benefits, and paid posters disrupting investors' judgment. this not only causes pollution content but also infringes the interests investors and other investment managers. investdigital will use anonymous reputation mechanism based verifiable shuffles and linkable ring signatures build content rating system and credit scoring system upon users' long-term associated identities within the community, preventing malicious negatives and fake positives basis anonymous rating, minimize the impact such behaviors. addition, users can create intimate group chats through the investdigital community protect users' discussions and sharing project prospects and investment strategies secure and confidential environment. investdigital auditor fund audit the current regulation cryptocurrency investment still not perfect, order ensure the rights and interests investors, investdigital will provide fund audit service detect and warn abnormal transactions timely. audit services include pre-audit and periodic audit. pre-audit: investdigital will perform due diligence investment managers who issue funds through the platform, conducting comprehensive and in-depth review the background, market risk, management risk, technical risk and capital risk, etc., combined with their historical performance and evaluation, and form complete due diligence report. with respect other funds sold investdigital, will review and monitor their authenticity, correctness, compliance and legitimacy. periodic audits: during the operation the fund, investdigital will periodically perform audit the fund. the audit covers internal and the external sections. the internal audit mainly based the performance the fund. the external audit will mainly investigate the external environment which the fund manager located, and conduct return visit fund managers and investors. abnormal tracking although the formal verification based the smart contracts can fundamentally guarantee the fairness the investment and dividend distributing process, can not fundamentally constrain some the unlawful operations: for example, investment managers the process fund purchasing pull the stock price maliciously raising the price digital assets mislead investors; the rat warehouse operation cryptocurrency trading. investdigital will track these operations and handle them timely manner safeguard investors' rights and interests. investdigital toolset toolset series investdigital tools including strategy development and back-testing framework, firm trading tools and formal verification services. strategy development and back-testing framework strategy development and back-testing framework toolsets strategy writing and back-testing for quantitative developers. developers can complete the preparation and compilation strategies through web ide without setting any local scenario. investdigital will also provide series strategy templates and example algorithms, which will greatly reduce the workload developers. investdigital will also provide the friendly interface ifttt (if this then that), such selling when broken below the day moving average and helping users who have knowledge code easily write quantitative strategies, truly realize the decoupling technology and business. for well-written strategy, investdigital will provide historical data the exchange for back-testing. based selected ranges date, can form backtesting results including indicators such back-testing returns, annualized back-testing returns, maximum retracement, alpha, beta and sharpe ratio. investdigital supports generating income curve well the intuitive contrast with the benchmark returns and other strategic returns the same chart. backtesting results can also split the transaction details, positions and other dimensions, help quantitative traders continue improve their own strategy algorithm. firm trading tools due the objective factors such slippage and survivor bias and the subjective factors such using future function when writing, the back-testing result can only used for reference and can not reflect the fund's trading performance firm practice. the same time, for the investment managers with interest issuing funds, their own showcase deals not convincing. they also require performance channel that delivers credible results. investdigital takes full account these requirements and will connect multiple exchange interfaces allow traders perform algorithmic strategies firm trading well place manual orders. the result will provide credible performance display based eos prediction machine. formal verification services the greatest lesson from the dao incident that should pay special attention the security smart contracts. the investdigital ecology, the security smart contract the foundation the entire system because operations directly related the funds and assets, such fund purchasing, redeeming, and dividend distributing, are all automatic performed through smart contracts. investdigital will use formal verification techniques detect and avoid possible loopholes smart contracts. will use formal testing techniques such model checking and theorem proving ensure the correctness and security investdigital's smart contract codes, minimize the possibility attacks smart contracts and safeguard the financial security investors. chapter technical innovation the first intelligent investment protocol based the eos blockchain investdigital combination blockchain technology and digital asset management, well the first cryptocurrency intelligence investment protocol based the eos blockchain. the eos blockchain platform was designed based well proven and long practiced concepts, representing fundamental advance blockchain technology. with the excellent features eos, such high throughput and efficient prediction machines, investdigital will served with high processing capacity for smart contracts and low latency for data services. based eos, future investdigital will able support millions users with easy bug recovery and upgrades well good scalability. figure first intelligent investment protocol based eos blockchain the first trusted asset management with eos oracle machine investdigital committed building credible asset management platform, and has been the first real scenario eos's oracle machine service. investdigital achieves combination off-chain business processes and onchain smart contracts through the eos oracle-machine mechanism, which interworking data and out the chain. introducing information such firm data, fund net value and historical trading data from off-chain financial systems the eos blockchain system, the authenticity the asset management data and its inability tampered with are realized. this can also ensure that trading records and results are traceable, and the manual intervention process the strategy transparent, while all the data can traced the event non-compliance. figure first trusted asset management with eos oracle machine investdigital's data services use the eos oracle machine complete data collection, acquisition and sharing, mainly including public data, market data forecast and privacy data forecasting. public data: off-chain data (e.g., exchange data) are imported into the chain mainly through series processes such community voting the data feeder oracle prediction machine. prediction market data: the financial markets are the prediction the future. the current major market analysis and the forecast future finance are created several professionals who access broadly the same information. believe the more people involved the prediction market will bring richer information and stronger collective intelligence. will get high-quality data sets building decentralized prediction markets. analysts, traders and fund managers can work investment strategies based these data. private data: fully understand the potential distrust analysts and traders the investdigital platform and the unwillingness share strategyrelated private data the platform. will establish mandatory privacy protecting data sharing platform through multi-party computing technology, that investors can observe the technical indicators the strategy such backtesting output (capital account net value, maximum retracement, etc.) while the details the strategy itself are invisible. can handle these three types data with variety forms services from eos oracle machine, such the on-chain oracle machine which completely relies on-chain data provide data services, the centralized oracle machine which trust off-chain data source provide services, the decentralized oracle machine which jointly served all participating parties the blockchain, and the hybrid oracle machine combining the various forms above. the first investment platform using formal verification technology the attack the dao smart contract and recent attacks parity, the multi-signature wallet smart contract, all indicate the importance smart contract security. the research team from the national university singapore and cornell university tested the smart contracts the ethereum blockchain and found that about the smart contracts are suffering security risks. formal verification method using mathematical methods verify whether system comply with certain security attributes, mainly including model checking and theorem proving. model checking constructs the software abstract model such state machine directed graph, and describes the security attributes using formal expressions such modal/temporal logic formulas. the model then traversed verify whether these security attributes the software are complied with. theorem proving transforms the problem verified into mathematical theorem proving problem determine whether the program complies with certain security attributes. figure first investment platform using formal verification technology investdigital attaches great importance the security smart contracts. have established set theoretical system smart contract verification based formal verification technology, and put forward the solution automated verification tools, mainly ensure the correctness, security and compliance fund subscription and dividend distributing smart contracts. the first reputation mechanism supporting anonymous rating investdigital set incentives with rewards and penalties through reputation mechanism address issues such malware reviews and fake ratings the investment community, and maintain civilized community discussion environment. one the great advantages the reputation mechanism that can perform anonymous reputation calculations based verifiable shuffles and linkable ring signatures technology without revealing the true identity the user and increase user's engagement and loyalty. reputation mechanism consists many rounds message sending and feedback. the beginning each round, server maintains the long-term database identities all clients and their encrypted reputation ratings. each round, the server runs scheduling algorithm based verifiable shuffle protocol, turning the reputation list into anonymous permutation list based one-time pseudonym and corresponding plaintext reputation rating. use decentralized scheduling protocol, where neither the server nor the client (except the owner) can associate one-time pseudonym with long-term identity. clients anonymously publish messages using one-time pseudonyms. the server can correlate these messages with their corresponding reputation ratings without knowing the client's sensitive information. each client will then give feedback (e.g., vote) the posted messages other users. each vote signed using linkable ring signature that the server can verify that each customer votes once without revealing the identity the voter. this design allows the server not associate voting with long-term identities when counting positive and negative votes. finally, the server updates the reputation ratings based the feedbacks from the one-time pseudonyms and then performs "reverse scheduling" restore the updated reputation ratings those one-time pseudonyms their original long-term identities and their crypto-updated reputation ratings. figure first reputation mechanism supporting anonymous rating chapter implementation and iteration investdigital roadmap investdigital's initial vision began with the dao, which several experts the field information security sought provide digital asset investment program based secure smart contracts, and delve deeper into formal verification smart contracts. after discussing with several experts the field intelligent investment and conducting extensive market research, the investdigital team sees that smart investment platform for digital asset will become new demand with broad market prospect. early the investdigital team started project planning and verified key technologies ethereum. eos continues evolve and mature, the investdigital team realizes that the eos platform with better throughput has better adaptability and scalability for high-frequency and faster transactions, investdigital will build digital asset investments and trading ecology based the eos platform. expect start the development the first prototype system including the demo version investdigital toolset and investdigital marketplace, which will accessed into test network will start support services like issuance and subscripting centralized exchange funds and and constantly improve the details the project get prepared for launching the eos main network. after the decentralized exchange matures, investdigital will also tap into decentralized exchange expand its presence. throughout the entire process development, the investdigital team will closely track the progress the eos project and move forward. with the continuous evolving the eos ecology, investdigital will successively access variety other eos-based applications improve the user experience, and grow the first, most professional and forward looking multi-digital asset intelligence investment platform eos ecology. version milestone code achievements investdigital marketplace armadillo strategy leaderboard fund leaderboard investdigital toolset version milestone code achievements allow writing ifttt investment strategy python and client back-testing investdigital core token mechanism oracle machine data feeder access off-chain public data eos blockchain infrastructure launch the test network investdigital marketplace idt token incentives support issuing funds centralized exchanges support subscripting funds investdigital toolset q/q echidna integrated web-based ide and backtesting environment investdigital core fund issuing, purchasing, redeeming, dividend distributing and transferring mechanism based centralized exchange oracle machine data feeder access market forecasts eos blockchain infrastructure launch the main network investdigital marketplace hold quantitative trading contest investdigital toolset provide algorithmic traders with market data forecast investdigital core kookaburra fund issuing, purchasing, redeeming, dividend distributing and transferring mechanism based decentralized exchange investdigital auditor fund audit oracle machine data feeder support data privacy investdigital marketplace support fund incubation and acceleration investdigital toolset platypus support advanced data services with idt token incentives investdigital core support charging idt tokens for fund issuance and management investdigital auditor support abnormal tracking version milestone code achievements investdigital marketplace issue diversified quantitative investment products investdigital toolset quokka provide formal verification tools for smart contracts investdigital core support various types products like etf and fof oracle machine data feeder access data decentralized exchange ecology development the first digital assets strategy market the eos platform, investdigital will provide good platform for digital asset investors and investment managers promote the rapid and diversified development digital assets. the same time, investdigital will dedicated connecting, enriching and improving upstream and downstream application. investdigital will attract more upstream data providers and tool developers provide high-quality, timely and reliable data well convenient, safe and efficient tools. meanwhile, the continuous development investdigital will promote the launching and improving the applications for digital asset information, market forecast, social community, and decentralized exchanges. moreover, investdigital also conducts occasional online and offline events such contests and salons, issuing idt tokens rewards for contest winners and users who deliver useful suggestions for the event, encourage each user the community actively involved the management and operation the entire project.