important notice please read this entire notice very carefully. you are doubt the action you should take relation this document, please consult your legal, commercial, financial, tax, other professional advisors. this white paper states the current views ionchain foundation ltd. ("ionchain foundation") concerning the proposed iot infrastructure based blockchain and edge computing technology named 'ionchain', the tokens proposed used with ionchain("ionc") and related matters. ionchain foundation may from time time revise this white paper any respect without notice. however, ionchain foundation undertakes obligation update this white paper any the information contains. you are responsible for ensuring that you have the latest version this white paper and that you read and understand its contents. indicative information only. this white paper presents indicative information only. unless expressly specified otherwise, ionchain and the technologies which will based are under development and are not currently deployed. any plans, projections, forecasts mentioned this white paper may not achieved due multiple risk factors, including without limitation defects technology, legal regulatory exposure, market volatility, sector volatility, corporate actions, the unavailability complete and accurate information. not offer, solicitation, recommendation. this white paper for informational purposes only and does not constitute, and not intended be, prospectus offer sell, solicitation offer buy, recommendation ionc, investment ionchain any project property ionchain foundation, shares other securities ionchain foundation any affiliated associated company any jurisdiction. not contract. publishing this white paper, ionchain foundation does not intend solicit, and not soliciting, any action with respect ionc any contractual relationship with ionchain foundation any affiliated associated company. this white paper not contract and does not legally bind ionchain foundation any other party. ionchain foundation will not accept any cryptocurrency other form payment respect ionc based this white paper. ionchain foundation elects conduct sale ionc, any offer sell ionc will made only the terms and conditions binding legal agreement between the buyer and ionchain foundation, the details which ionchain foundation will make available separately from this white paper. not designed intended investment product securities. ionchain foundation has not designed ionc have the characteristics investment product and does not intend them securities any other type financial investment instrument any jurisdiction. without limitation, ionc not entitle holders dividend any financial other types return from ionchain foundation ionchain simply possessing them; ionc not entitle holders vote on, otherwise exercise discretion govern influence, any aspect ionchain foundation's any other entity's corporate entity, ionchain foundation's any other entity's business, ionchain any other service; and ionc not confer ownership, equity, rights, interests, benefits the revenues, profits, other financial aspects of, ionchain foundation any other version entity, ionchain, any underlying asset (whether tangible, intangible, virtual), any technology intellectual property developed, acquired, licensed ionchain foundation any other entity. not recommendation advice. this white paper provides information about ionchain foundation and summarizes the target market, business model, and technology ionchain. nothing this white paper should considered recommendation for any person purchase ionc use ionchain. your requesting copy, possession, sharing this white paper does not constitute participation any sale ionc, ionchain foundation elects conduct such sale. information this white paper should considered business, legal, financial, tax advice regarding the purchase ionc the use ionchain. part this white paper may relied form the basis of, connection with, any decision regarding the purchase ionc the use ionchain. regulatory authority has reviewed, examined approved any the information contained this white paper. ionchain foundation has not sought, and will not seek, review, examination approval any the information contained this white paper under the laws regulations any jurisdiction. the publication distribution this white paper does not imply that applicable laws, regulations, rules have been complied with. third party sources. ionchain foundation and ionchain related parties have not independently verified the completeness accuracy any information extracted from third party sources. forward-looking statements. all statements this white paper, ionchain foundation's website, communication channels, otherwise made ionchain foundation its authorized representatives any media that are not statements historical fact (including statements using words such "aim", "target", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "project", "should", "would", "will", the negatives those terms, and similar expressions), including but not limited statements about ionchain, ionchain foundation's financial position, business strategies, plans and prospects, and industry trends are "forward-looking statements". forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors (including but not limited changes political, social, economic, and stock cryptocurrency market conditions and changes the regulatory environment where ionchain foundation and ionchain will operate) which may cause the actual results, performance, achievements ionchain foundation, ionchain, and ionc differ materially from the future results, performance, achievements expressed implied the forward-looking statements. representation, warranty, undertaking, promise, guarantee given respect the forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements should not relied upon. limitation liability. the maximum extent permitted all applicable laws and regulations, ionchain foundation and its affiliates and its and their founders, directors, officers, employees, advisors, agents, and representatives (ionchain related parties) shall not liable for any direct indirect loss revenue, income, profits, business, business opportunity, anticipated saving, data, reputation, goodwill; any indirect, special, incidental, reliance, consequential, punitive, other losses damages any kind, tort, contract, strict liability, otherwise, arising out connection with any reliance this white paper any error, omission, inaccuracy any information this white paper, even ionchain foundation and ionchain related parties have been advised the possibility such losses damages. version disclaimers representations, warranties, undertakings, and conditions. the maximum extent permitted all applicable laws and regulations, ionchain foundation and ionchain related parties not make purport make, and hereby disclaim, all representations, warranties, undertakings, and conditions (express implied, whether statute, common law, custom, usage, otherwise) regarding ionchain foundation, ionchain, ionc, this white paper, and any forwardlooking statements. ionchain foundation provides any information this white paper "as is" with guarantee completeness, accuracy, timeliness, the results obtained from the use this information. requirement for reproduction and distribution. unless this white paper, including this notice, reproduced and distributed its entirety without change, ionchain foundation's prior written consent required. part this white paper may reproduced used in, distributed any jurisdiction where possession distribution this white paper prohibited restricted. chinese version prevails. the chinese language version this white paper the only official version. translations this white paper into any language other than chinese may introduce ambiguities and errors, despite the best intentions the translators, and ionchain foundation does not guarantee the accuracy any translation. there discrepancy between the chinese version this white paper and english version, the chinese version shall prevail. version content abstract introduction origin ionchain the development and weak points the internet things disruption the traditional iot industry with the use edge computing ionchain network built for computing the edge (ionchain fog computing) application scenarios ionchain data security and privacy protection exchange and circulation iot data smart contract facilitates sharing economy edge computing optimizing iot user experience overall technical architecture vvalue generation ionchain ... value verification ... value evaluation ... value confirmation value transfer ionchain ... application layer ... service layer ... protocol layer ... smart contract layer ... blockchainlayer ... data storage layer economic model commercial value ionc token version ionc token distribution ionc token distribution explanation road map core team members and consultants core team members consultants disclaimers version abstract along with the emergence cryptocurrencies, the blockchain technology has developed rapidly recent years. the five-year national informatization plan issued the state council china, blockchain technology was mooted one the frontier technologies within the national strategic layout.blockchain technology going provide the fundamental infrastructure for the next generation internet the internet value, and now collaborating with emerging technologies different fields progressively expand the application range.as know, iot network seen extension the internet, inevitable that iot will eventually merged with blockchain. especially considering the security issues involved with massive amounts data potentially being collected iot devices the future. ionchain aims solve wide range the current problems iot networks terms data security, data circulation, data sharing and data transactions, thus enhancing the efficiency the whole iot ecosystem. ionchain introduces the concept "one device, one coin, one code" which facilitates the integration iot devices with the ionchain blockchain network. with the use edge computing technology, enables every device the iot network utilized mining machine, making every iot device that uses ionchain subject mining rewards. owing the use blockchain technology, the data source will always reliable and verifiable the ionchain network. furthermore, the value the data quantified and data transfers are fast and secured. this makes easier for iot standards emerge, unlocks plethora new iot application scenarios and boosts the whole industry enter the next level development. key words: ionchain, blockchain technology, iot technology, edge computing technology version introduction origin ionchain the famous swedish physicist, arrhenius, proposed his theory ionization, which posits that similar molecules and atoms, ions are also fundamental particle the formation substances.ionchain named because the ionchain will act the underlying link between all the iot devices support the decentralized communications among all the devices ,much like the ion integral element the atom, and without the atom would not what is.making iot devices able exchange value between each other automatically with the use smart contracts going create innumerable application scenarios for the whole industry, pushing into new era. the development and weak points the internet things iot network the key component new generation information technology and also the indispensable stage development the information era. iot stands for internet things, and means that when reach this stage internet development, smart devices use will connected with each other. iot network applied widely the integration network through intellisense, identification technology, pervasive computing and other perceptive telecommunication technologies. therefore, iot also named the wave global information technology after computers and internet. iot vastly expanding the range possible internet applications. therefore, can say that application innovation the core, and user experience the soul iot development. according the statistics idc, and international data company based usa, the overall investment global iot market was billion dollars and predicted that this number will increase billion dollars this means that the average annual growth rate the industry .%. the number iot devices carrying iot software and transmitting data have reached billion and predicted grow billion version the sensor the connector iot platform the server storage security hardware security software analysis software application software and installation services maintenance and content... other hardware investment million) figure investment million) iot industry development trend next five years the iot market china projected grow from billion rmb billion rmb which means doubling size (data source: china industrial information network). has been years already since the concept iot was first proposed. since then, the technology has evolved and developed, making big progress. however, the stage are today, there are still some serious unresolved issues: business model for the iot industry still not established every information industry revolution, well established business model inevitably emerging. however, case iot don't have any such model clarified yet. rfid now the only example large-scale iot deployment. the main economic benefits iot introduction are mostly derived from the enhanced performance various electronic components while huge data resources generated iot have not been applied any large scale business scenario yet. lack data security and privacy protection data security and privacy protection have always been one the most serious threats brought the emerging internet technology. iot devices are gathering data both businesses and individuals. possible use this data trace the activity businesses and individuals which raises concern among many people, especially that the majority iot data stored the hands only handful companies from the top the ecosystem. version single user not able control the private data he/she provides the system. he/she doesn't know where does how used. recent years there have been cases successful hacker attacks those huge centralized storage servers where major companies store data. lack interoperability between platforms the centralization iot data creates barriers for data sharing and circulation. leading companies nearly every industry are rushing stake their claims the new market frontier iot big data, hoping take the lead this new chapter information age. however, often the case that many other companies that could potentially utilize this data are competitors with those big industry leaders. this creates situation where real data sharing just empty talk without being traded and circulated becomes very difficult extract the real value and realize its potential. the shackles cloud computing architecture recent years the network bandwidth increase has been increasing exponentially. cloud computing now mainstream iot industry. however, for application scenarios that require realtime interactions, such vr, industrial iot and autonomous driving, iot networks built cloud tend see delay several hundred milliseconds from perception execution, which too slow response the control end. disruption the traditional iot industry with the use edge computing edge computing technology open platform that integrates network, computation, storage and applications the edge the network, near the source the data. can solution iot sector problems terms fast connection, real-time operation, application intelligence, data optimization, security&privacy protection and on. edge computing bridge between the physical entities and industrial connections. cloud computing layer still able access the historical data the edge layer. the emergence edge computing technology comes along with the development intelligent terminals, which has gradually attracted attention the practitioners from numerous industries. many people are presenting edge computing opposed cloud computing. however better version see them complementary. under the right conditions, the edge can become crucial optimization layer the cloud. figure reference architecture edge computing it's been proven this point that traditional cloud computing architecture cannot provide the real-time response requested many application scenarios. using edge computing industrial internet things, smart home technologies, internet vehicles, and other iot areas going decrease the network feedback latency, improving the user experience and significantly expanding the amount use case scenarios. edge computing technology solves the long-standing iot industry problems adequate privacy protection and data security. despite the promises made top cloud services providers, data breaches are still occurring fairly often and concern for privacy ubiquitous. utilizing the edge computing technology are going empower the users, letting them take control their data and set the limits who can access it. the same time, edge computing can still seamlessly integrate with the cloud computing platform which allows for flexible design system. processors based arm architecture are all kinds nodes within the iot network, from mobile phone router and from uav industrial terminal. devices' chip performance still follows the moore's law, the nodes iot networks are being programmed perform more and more complicated data processing, moving contain storage even solutions. this point the development iot technology, already have large enough number smart devices able generate enough data required for many complex application scenarios. reconstructing the version traditional iot network infrastructure and integrating with edge computing architecture will one the main tendencies iot for the next few years. ionchain network built for computing the edge (ionchain fog computing) the early stage ionchain project development, the focus put ensuring data security and help facilitate data circulation, trading and sharing. the intention break the regular platform barriers and establish the connection with iot network nodes any type scale through decentralized blockchain technology. each the iot device manufacturers, iot constructors, data owners and requestors can take what she needs within the ionchain network form completed closed loop iot business. ionchain meets the architecture requirements the edge computing technology perfectly and can make full use the computing power the network nodes themselves. these nodes will meet the nearby connecting requirements for computation and storage iot devices. this will lead increases the time efficiency the iot perception-computing-response process. there are large number application scenarios which require low feedback latency within the iot network. the edge computing solution could the creative platform for these scenarios these fields will have negligible effect cloud computing. dependent the features edge computing, ionchain introduces the concept that "every device mining machine", which means that each the iot devices connected ionchain will able mine and receive remuneration through the ,,ionization algorithim". the system will accurately calculate the precise rewards from the functions, data volume, time (e.g.: time length terminal controlled, time length data collection, etc.) space (areas covered terminal terminal cluster) and many other dimensions. ionc will incentivize self interested small medium enterprises even individuals join iot projects and push forward the development iot facilities. thereafter will enter the new dimension public participation the iot systems construction and trading. after thorough research existing iot networks, the ionchain team has come with innovative concept that called "one device, one coin, one code". our system was developed with the premise integrating the current iot hardware and infrastructure. "device" part our concept stands for iot devices, "coin" stands for ionc and "code" the unique identification code version for the iot devices inside the ionchain network. the identification code can embedded the hardware iot devices order "stamp" the data with from the very beginning. this feature combined with the immutability records the ionchain distributed ledger makes all the data unique, reliable and therefore effectively traceable. the same time, ionchain going provide software-level data conversion, data processing, data packaging tools and nodes for the already established internet things system. with complete data security can achieve the forward compatibility our design. this particularly important considering the current fragmentation the iot devices software market. hope that this will also help speed the formation industry standards. order solve the contradiction between data block volume and transaction speed, ionchain introduces ipfs (inter planetary file system) allow distributed, encrypted storage iot data. access the relevant data will restricted only the users possession the relevant private key. stealing tampering with the data extremely difficult security ionchain ensured the combined computing power all the mining devices the system. important note that one the unique features ionchain that provides infrastructure utilize myriad iot devices participate the mining process. thanks the separation storage and transaction processing which solves the data block size/transaction speed contradiction, the system will able handle massive volume iot data the future, which nature additional layer protection for the data security. with the use smart contracts technology, users can design their own digital agreements, automating the settlements data trading. data trading will evolve from human-to-machine machine-to-machine. this turn will result the emergence multitude innovative business models. version application scenarios ionchain ionchain can adapt whatever field iot network can cover and ionchain will indispensable cog within the iot ecosystem the future. figure relationship between ionchain and iot version data security and privacy protection ionchain applies decentralized storage methods and heralds radical changes iot security and privacy. has some unique advantages over traditional centralized networks terms defending from external attacks and surviving catastrophes. case recent years, there has been widespread concern and condemnation about smart devices violating the privacy the individual, smart phones other smart devices. user's regular activities and behaviors are uploaded privately the background, and this data forms clear user portraits for big data analysis companies commercialize and exploit. these resources will utilized towards targeted advertising, copied, sold batch, and even stolen criminals. thus, those who control the authorization centralized nodes have lot power. ionchain will disrupt this situation, making iot data flexible store local distributed nodes with encryption ensure the security that users have absolute control the data. this private data can used either yourself only you have the option exchange your data with other nodes who value it. even certain node under attack encounters some disaster, data will ever lost. exchange and circulation iot data traditional iot network, the data processing and usage the internet owner mainly limited improving its own value. meanwhile, the data relevant analysis only determined within certain scope the iot network. ionchain will break the island dilemma iot data and monetizing the process, which will enable the speeding data circulation and exchange. data exchange ionchain ecosystem, traditional production enterprises can the data providers. suppose the enterprise part the existing iot network. top the basic layer the current iot network data trading node added. the node provides standardized peripheral data interfaces. terminal devices will then use those interfaces upload various iot data, packaged unified format(compatible with the ipfs) the ionchain ledger. the data transactions will automated using smart contracts. the private keys for downloading the purchased data packages will automatically released after the funds transfer has been recorded the ledger. version case company has built production line, but dissatisfied with the production efficiency after running for some time. the production needs optimized. via ionchain data trading platform, company finds out that company asia has released sensor data and production line video similar assembly line. company obtains sensor data and operation videos from company via ionchain and greatly improves its productivity. ionchain helps solve crossregional problem and removes technical barriers much lower cost. data exchange data providers can iot network participants with single multiple iot data sources. data buyers can then publish data inquiries through ionchain network. individuals can use ionchain upload data which will monetized later the system. the other side, companies can obtain this data which normally scattered and hard get and then integrate create value using big data. case internet start-up company wants acquire personal information and the daily routines car users analyse data and develop relevant business. this kind data was previously monopolized the mapping and navigation software giants. now, has been impossible for small companies gather this data themselves using traditional methods. the process attracting traffic and then acquiring user habits would take too long and the company couldn't exist the meantime wouldn't profitable. however thanks ionchain incentive model some the car users will perhaps willing exchange their personal data for compensation, automatically transferred them with the use smart contracts. another company can then publish data request for the same kind data that the company have already gathered and analysed. this case, company can decide sell share the data and/or any relevant materials the company using the ionchain data exchange system. smart contract facilitates sharing economy ionchain supports not only data exchange but also the transaction operation authority. smart contracts can customized pertain certain scenarios, allowing device-human, and devicedevice interactions, and transferring value through the decentralized network. case take for example residential district close the cbd area, where there often huge demand for car parking. some the households are willing rent out their empty parking lots version they are not making use them. installing smart locks, the households and those seeking parking can automatically control who uses the parking space via smart contract and complete the transaction without any human intervention. simultaneously property management staff can connect with ionchain another node. after the transaction has been completed the profits will calculated and distributed accordingly. transaction settlements within the system will dependent solely ionc. there need involve any bank other third party institutions. transaction fee will required. edge computing optimizing iot user experience some the iot applications could not materialize they required very fast response time which could not achieved with the cloud server latency. thanks the edge computing technology used the ionchain, efficiency the whole systems improves significantly and result new business ideas can flourish. case large-scale warehousing enterprise using rfid devices and managing data using private cloud data storage center. however, their business expands and the number warehouses keeps growing, becoming harder and harder centrally manage such big amounts data. this problem becomes most apparent the end the month when some data intensive operations such inventory check incoming and outgoing stock settlements need performed.issues response timeout can occur frequently, adversely affecting the efficiency. ionchain nodes deployed different warehouses will perform data intensive operations the edge which will greatly reduce data request and feedback time. the same time data will automatically synchronized distributed, more efficient way using the ionchain blockchain. version overall technical architecture the next generation iot network technical architecture based internet value, ionchain applies unique ionization algorithm meet the requirements the blossoming iot industry.the inspiration for the ionization algorithm comes from the formation ions. ionization the process which atom molecule acquires negative positive charge gaining losing electrons form ions, often conjunction with other chemical changes. similarly, the ionization algorithm separates two core functions the blockchain value creation and value transfer new business models will occur after combing through and separating the value creation layer and value transfer layer. under the current blockchain technical architecture, value creation and value transfer are combined, which has great practical value certain instances. the success bitcoin and ethereum based this kind algorithm. however, these algorithms are not suitable for the future requirements the growing iot industry. ionchain algorithms are designed make possible for every iot device become mining machine allowing them tol constantly create value. however the iot devices come all types and forms, the value created varied depending the device type and function. the requirements ionchain future ecosystem cannot met continue follow the existing protocol which combination between value creation and value transfer. hence the ionization algorithm was developed for ionchain, and the raison d'etre for this algorithm separate value creation and value transfer. after the separation has been made, the value creation layer responsible solely for creating the value. each type iot device will have specifically tailored algorithm designed. just like the ions after ionization, the value created different iot devices the ionchain network can combined into new types consensus algorithms that will 'translate' the value generated different scenarios into the unified standard expressed ionc coins. following from this, the value transfer layer allows for transferring value within the ionchain system. all participants the ionchain ecosystem can exchange their value freely through the value transfer layer. version ionchain value generation process the value generation process ionchain can divided into four layers system architecture. these are value creation, value verification, value evaluation and value confirmation. ... value generation value generation encompasses iot devices and edge computing centers near the device, which the iot device means all kinds devices connected ionchain. all them have default the ionchain consensus protocol and have the ionchain identification code, which the device manufacturer information, device identification, and other related information are included. all the information stored the device encrypted with zero knowledge proof algorithm. each the iot devices can used mining machine, and the information from can produce ionc coins after certain algorithm verification. all the iot devices embedded ionchain communicate via customized imqtt protocol ionchain. the mqtt protocol was initially developed ibm for communication between iot devices. however, does not include the value transfer layer. ionchain adds the function value transfer top mqtt protocol, creating imqtt protocol. with the use imqtt protocol, iot devices can not only exchange data, but also realize value transfer. order support the currently still relatively weak computing capabilities iot devices, ionchain will help set the edge computing centers. these will the intermediary computing devices set close the iot devices. connected the network, they would provide much higher computing power than the iot devices alone. using this intermediary computing layer makes more reliable for iot devices join the network and transfer their data and value. value generation layer therefore combination iot devices and edge computing centers. due the limited computing capabilities iot devices, hard accurately calculate the value created iot devices .thus, iot devices upload relevant information the mining machines, and the mining machines calculate accordingly using the data quality proof and time lapse proof algorithms. upon completion the value generation calculation, passed the next layer for verification. ... value verification the value verification similar the consensus algorithm other blockchains. the relevant parties interested the data provided iot device are required cooperatively complete the version value verification. upon completion, the value will transferred the next layer for evaluation. the verification fails, the created value returned invalid. ... value evaluation the value evaluation layer the second tier value verification. this step, the verification the authenticity the value completed. this process jointly completed the relevant parties. this layer protection was set order make sure that the ionchain system able counter malicious attacks such double spending. ... value confirmation the value confirmation function package the verified value, and then pass the packaged information the value transfer part, that the value created the iot device officially present the ionchain ecostystem the form digital currency. value transfer ionchain the value transfer part the ionchain divided into six layers the system architecture. these are the application layer, service layer, ionchain protocol layer, smart contract layer, blockchain layer and data storage layer. version figure ionchain system architecture ... application layer application layer the user interface layer the ionchain. provides rest api interfaces based the http protocol. the devices can request access ionchain through this layer. ionchain interface provides anti-counterfeit verification function both the iot devices and the vendors. the application layer the ionchain adopts the plug-in function make more convenient connect new businesses. the initial stage the system development, the system will include the following built-in services: data validation, data query, vendor query, device registration, wallet query. ... service layer service layer abstraction the internal modules inside ionchain. the ionchain contains many components, all which provide external interfaces through the server. the interface used the service layer generally program rather than the end user. therefore, the service layer interface adopts the binary-based gprc protocol. the service layer currently available only for the internal components. the future, will consider make the service layer available also for the core nodes. version ... protocol layer ionchain provides unified access protocol the protocol layer, including consensus protocol, network protocol, currency swap protocol, and on. ionchain provides external services through unified protocol. the future development the ionchain platform, the ionchain protocol will common protocol for all third-party applications. ... smart contract layer smart contracts are important part the ionchain. they are the bridges connecting blockchain layer with the applications. the same time, smart contracts also play 'adhesive' role, allowing bind user requirements and blockchain consensus algorithms together. they make sure that users can legally and safely use the data stored the blockchain order create added value. the smart contract layer consists two parts: contract management and contract interface. contract management responsible for the deployment, installation, debugging, running and other operations smart contract. smart contract interface provided for external systems. the ionchain provides set system contracts for system-related operations. those include: currency issuance contract the currency issuance contract used for currency issuance, re-issuance, lock and other functions. maintained together with relevant nodes and only valid after multi-signed. the currency issuance contract the core ionchain and maintained with the ipos consensus algorithm. wallet contract wallet contract used manage user's wallet. both iot devices and participants have their own wallet accounts. the wallet contract for wallet creation, maintenance, freeze and on. iot device life cycle contract the device contract specifically set manage the maintenance device life cycle. includes uploading device information onto the chain, information circulation, activation, deletion and other related actions.. version manufacturer management contract this contract used maintain equipment manufacturer information, which includes uploading manufacturer information onto the chain, information circulation, freeze, release and on. custom contracts manager tool the custom contract manager tool allows users develop and manage their own contracts. can used all the users, but the user-defined contracts can only seen the accounts authorized the contract creators. custom contract manager provides users with custom contract lifecycle management capabilities. ... blockchain layer the blockchain layer the core ionchain, and consensus algorithm the most important part the blockchain layer. order better match the features iot network ionchain applies some changes the classic pos algorithm. upon adding our modifications, have called this new algorithm ipos. ionchain revises the algorithm match iot requirements better, creating the ipos algorithm. ipos algorithm the upgrade pow and pos, and divided into two parts: electing group block producers and scheduling production. the election process makes sure that stakeholders are ultimately control because stakeholders lose the most when the network does not operate smoothly. how people are elected has little impact how consensus achieved minute minute basis. therefore, this document will focus how consensus reached after the block producers have been chosen. help explain this algorithm want assume there are block producers: iot device supplier (a), iot data consumer (b), and iot authority (c). because consensus requires resolve all cases, this simplified model will assume that iot device supplier (a) deemed the tie breaker. the real world there would more block producers. like proof work, the general rule that longest chain wins. any time honest peer sees valid strictly longer chain will switch from its current fork the longer one. will show example how ipos operates under some conceivable network conditions. these examples should help you understand why ipos robust and hard break. normal operation version under normal operation block producers take turns producing block every seconds. assuming one misses their turn then this will produce the longest possible chain. invalid for block producer produce block any other time slot than the one they are scheduled for. minority fork the nodes can malicious malfunction and create minority fork. this case the minority fork will only produce one block every seconds while the majority fork will produce blocks every seconds. once again, the honest majority will always longer than the minority. multiple production disconnected minority the minority can attempt produce unlimited number forks, but all their forks will shorter than the majority chain because the minority unable grow the chain faster than the majority. network fragmentation possible for the network fragment that fork has majority the block producers. this case the longest chain will fall the largest minority. when network connectivity restored the smaller minorities will naturally switch the longest chain and unambiguous consensus will restored. also possible have forks where the two longest forks are the same length. this case the producers the (smaller fork) will break the tie when they rejoin the network. there odd number producers impossible maintain tie for long. later will cover producer shuffling which will randomize order production ensure that even two forks have the same number producers, the forks will grow different length bursts causing one fork take over the other, which helps avoid double spending. multiple production connected minority this scenario minority iot consumer (b) produces two more alternative blocks their time slot. the next scheduled producer iot authority (c), may choose build off any one the alternatives produced iot consumer (b). when this happens, will become the longest chain and all nodes that selected iot consumer (b) will switch forks. does not matter how many alternatives version blocks minority bad producers attempts propagate, they will never part the longest chain for more than round. last irreversible block the event network fragmentation, possible for multiple forks continue grow for prolonged period time. the long-run, the longest chain will win, but observers require means know with certainty when block absolutely part the fastest growing chain. this can determined checking the confirmation the block producers. note that this "rule" similar the -block confirmation "rule" for bitcoin. some smart individuals can contrive sequence events where two nodes could end different last irreversible blocks. this edge case requires attacker have total control communication delay and utilize that control not once, but twice, minutes apart. this were happen, then the long-term rule the longest chain still applies. estimate the odds such attack close and the economic consequences insignificant that not worth worrying about. lack producers quorum the unlikely event where there clear quorum producers, possible for the minority continue producing blocks. these blocks stakeholders can include transactions that change their votes. these votes can then select new set producers and restore block production participation once this happens the minority chain will eventually overtake all other chains operating with less than participation. during this process all observers will have the knowledge that the network state flux until chain emerges with participation. those who choose transact under these conditions take risks similar those who choose accept less than confirmations. they with the knowledge that there some small probability that consensus may ultimately settle different fork. practice this situation far safer than accepting blocks with less than bitcoin confirmations. corruption majority producers the majority producers become corrupt then they can produce unlimited number forks, each which will appear advancing with majority confirmation. this case the last irreversible block algorithm reverts longest chain algorithm. the longest chain will the one approved the largest-majority which will decided the minority remaining honest nodes. version this kind behavior would not last long because the stakeholders would eventually vote replace these producers. transactions proof stake (tapos) when users sign transaction, they under certain assumption about the state the blockchain. this assumption based upon their perception recent blocks. the consensus the longest chain changes then could potentially invalidate the assumptions the signer had when they consented the transaction. with tapos all transactions include hash recent block and are considered invalid that block does not exist the chain history. anyone who signs transaction while orphaned fork will find the transaction invalid and unable migrate the main fork. side effect this process security against long-range attacks that attempt generate alternative chains. individual stakeholders directly confirm the blockchain every time they transact. over time all blocks are confirmed all stakeholders and this something that cannot replicated forged chain. deterministic producer shuffling all the examples showed round-robin scheduling block producers. reality, set block producers shuffled every blocks where the number producers. this randomization ensures that block producer does not always ignore block producer and that anytime there are multiple forks identical producer counts that ties are eventually broken. conclusion ipos robust under every conceivable natural network disruption and even secure the face corruption large minority producers. unlike some competing algorithms, ipos can continue function when majority producers fail. during this process the community can vote replace the failed producers until can resume participation. there other consensus algorithm that robust under such high and varied failure conditions. ultimately ipos gains significant security from the algorithms chosen select the block producers and verify that the nodes are high quality and unique individuals. using the process approval voting ensures that even someone with the active voting power unable select even single producer their own. ipos designed optimize performance the nominal condition participation honest nodes with robust network connections. this gives ipos version the power confirm transactions with certainty average just seconds while decreasing graceful, detectable manner that simple recover from. ... data storage layer ionchain provides two ways store data the blockchain, which are based ipfs and bigchaindb. ipfs emerging standard for storing content addressable files. content-addressable storage mechanism for storing information that can retrieved based its content rather than its location. stated another way, all files stored using ipfs are given names derived from the hash their content. what this means that the same file will have the same name every computer, and the contents that file can never change without also changing the name the file. also means that when you download file from server you can verify that the exact file you requested recalculating the name based the content provided the server. ipfs also provides peer peer (pp) network layer that allows computers discover and share files based their deterministic names. however, this network layer does not provide guarantee storage, hosting, bandwidth. currently structured, the ipfs network expects users provide their own servers and related infrastructure. the final version ionchain provide all iot devices with legal identifications, and because the strict requirement for data storage capacity, ionchain chose the ipfs system. ipfs system can store smart contract data, transaction records, and other core data. however, ionchain designed for future iot networks, which need store also the business data. therefore, ionchain introduces bigchaindb business data storage engine meet data research requirements. bigchaindb has some advantages blockchain, like decentralization, immutability and asset registration transfer. decentralization realized through the consortium which consists nodes with voting rights. the consortium network composed super nodes. (light takes microseconds run half circle the earth, and some the financial application need latency from microseconds. because the network bandwidth limit, these nodes should set close each other voting top the uniform function layer the database. the immutability function realized through several schemes: fragmentation replication, not allowing for updates revisions, regular database backup, all signature encryption, block and vote. every vote version each block must include the hash the previous block. every entity which has the right create asset able establish their own asset; the new asset can only accepted the new owner only meets the encryption requirements. this means hackers hacked administrators have access modify any data, and there risk single point failure. scalability the system allows legal contracts and certificates stored directly the blockchain database. ionchain provides intelligent contract engine with highly customized abilities, and all kinds operations can completed via smart contracts. the contract management depends ipos consensus algorithm, and the system governed machines other than man. there built-in system contract based ipos algorithm, and has higher authority than normal user contract. the system contract needs multi-authorization before done. version economic model commercial value ionc token ionc the official token ionchain. can utilized different participants ionchain ecosystem. the maximum supply ionc million. going released gradually for years. after years, the administrative committee elected ionchain users using the consensus mechanism will decide whether re-issue ionc tokens based the amount on-chain devices, amount data being processed and the overall level ionc abundance the ecosystem. iot devices and data access constitute the core parts ionchain ecosystem, therefore ionc token going used reward devices and data providers. the yearly supply ionc tokens increases along with the demand for data access. however, the upper limit pre-set. ionc token indispensable part the ionchain system single most crucial part its economic model. from the perspective the ecosystem: ionc token the only authorized cryptocurrency, which binds together all the participants the ionchain ecosystem allowing them take part the value creation process within the system. the overall value ionchain going increase more and more transactions and purchases are going happen within the network. the ionchain mining rewards mechanism aimed increasing the participation rate all ionchain users, incentivizing many smaller iot devices participate the mining process thus effectively decentralizing it. from the perspective individual: build complete ecosystem, ionchain going distribute rewards the users exchange for the access their iot devices and for the generated data. ionchain data and user privacy protection based encryption algorithms and anonymity.uploading data rewarded with ionc tokens. users can also spend the tokens purchase various value-added services within the ecosystem. from the perspective business entities: version with more and more iot data gradually uploaded ionchain, the value the whole ecosystem for big data analysis and related use cases will keep increasing. business entities will willing purchase ionc tokens order able use them paying for on-chain data analysis services. those services can help enterprises improve their business. they can also provide basis for completely new types business models. apart from that, ionc token can also used the following situations: rewards for the iot devices used miners; the longer you hold the tokens, the bigger your chance elected the ionchain council member, subject the constitution and requirements therein; compensation for the cost running data search, statistics and smart contract analysis. nodes running smart contracts will get awards accordingly; the fuel for running dapp the ion chain, the node running the api called dapp will receive the reward corresponding the running consumption api; transaction fee for transferring the ionc currency between accounts, the billing node award paid accordingly; each ionc coin can track its origins, and can save and trace part the data through the ionc currency; nodes responsible for the communication between ions (access iot devices) ionchain, and accounting will get corresponding awards; r&d expense for the developers compensation paid ionc users. version ionc token distribution the ionchain platform issues its own system token: ionc, total supply million. circulation:% mining rewards: community construction incentives: r&d team: node incentives: mining rewards circulation node reward community maintenance and rewards r&d team figure ionchain economic model version ionc token distribution explanation circulation ionchain platform will give away ionc tokens for community promotion, the total amount tokens issued. community construction incentive the digital currency issued the ionchain platform, the will used support and incubate various ionchain-based dapps. are also relying the power our community keep the ionchain moving forward. course, after the ionchain r&d team completes the architecture, will also work the r&d dapp commercial applications.also, ionchain going provide community applications with both fund and technical support, which important economic strategy facilitate the improvement ionchain. mining reward the ionchain, each device mining machine. all iot devices connected with ionchain will work mining machines provide computing power and participate the consensus mechanism. ionchain platform will incentivize iot manufacturers join with the total supply tokens, which includes device authorization, connection,, access, data provision, transactions, forwarding, traffic, etc. (any dapp based ionc protocol produces positive interaction the data asset provided iot terminal). node incentive for any blockchain project, required build consensus scheme make sure the global state all the nodes the same. ionchain will use the total token supply incentivize the nodes provide computing power and storage guarantee. r&d team ionchain will take out total tokens incentivize the founding team because they have provided resources and technical support for early development ionchain. however, ensure smooth development ionchain project, token reward for team members will locked for months. version the reward tokens will released months after the initial ionc token sale, and takes the total supply; months later, the reward tokens will unlocked, which the total supply; the month, will unlock the rest the reward tokens, which will account for the total supply. the whole process above will completed the month. version road map the ionchain committed building new technical standards and redefining the value the internet things. therefore, the challenges faced ionchain are unprecedented. the expected roadmap for development described below: version core team members and consultants core team members -year experience consulting and system architecture. technology team management experience with over employees. former cto onechain fintech, founder vonechain blockchain and iot systems. former senior director accenture. integrated technology expert, designed integration solutions for terry liu ceo founder huawei, china mobile, saic and on. senior blockchain lecturer for courses fudan university. mba east china normal university. -year experience consulting and system architecture. years experience programming and systems architecture founder technical blockchain community blockchainbrother core developer hyperledger project china. participated the development hyperledger fabric explorer open source project first author published china machine press. robert feng technical director more than years experience iot device design. industries including agriculture, medical, intelligent scenic spot and intelligent gateway. danny product director complete top-level design iot systems and application scenarios. version years experience television media pr; received both provincial and national awards. former coo chief editor chainb (the leading blockchain media china). chun chieh marketing director co-founder former marketing and content production uni-live. graduated from fudan university. co-founder shidian capital. over -years experience marketing development and business management telecommunication industry, worked for huawei us, htc china and china unicom (shanghai), etc. practical experience managing enterprises with various attributes and intercultural teams. more than -years experience ecosystem build-up for startup companies. started the first entrepreneurship ngo shanghai and now deputy chairman shanghai entrepreneurial alliance. eric fang and ecological -year experience cryptocurrency investment and blockchain projects management. invested more than dozen different construction projects. master information technology from university birmingham, national senior entrepreneurship consultant, travelled over six continents, enjoys long-distance running, exercises and reading. blockchain technology security encryption expert hyperledger china core developer, participated hyperledger fabric explorer project development daniel blockchain programming since chief architect version consultants jack founder capital consultants co-founder youling capital well-known blockchain george zhou ceo shanghai zhiwang information technology co. ltd jing yang director china nb-iot industry alliance edison managing director accenture greater china adam starzynski cheer kwek onechain shanghai chief information officer international wilmar international relations&business development manager version disclaimers this document for information purposes only and the content for reference only. not invitation offer invest ionchain any related company stakes securities. the above information analysis does not constitute any specific investment recommendation advice. none the content this documentation shall construed expressly otherwise invitation offer for investment. the contents this document shall not construed invitation participate fundraising any form. nothing this white paper whether expressly stated otherwise shall treated encouraging participation any fundraising activity. the request for copy this white paper sharing this white paper with others shall not amount any representation your part the part ionchain nor shall construed offer your part the part ionchain. all participants have meet the required age their countries have full capacity and shall solely responsible comply with the laws the country that he/she residing in. all participants represent that he/she has acted voluntarily and have clear understanding the ionchain platform, and the contents this white paper. ionchain will ensure that all the information the white paper date and accurate. case any misunderstanding caused inaccurate translation this white paper any other situation where there discrepancy between the original version and this white paper, the participants acknowledge that the original version this white paper the chinese language. during the development process, our platform design might subject modifications and updates, including but not limited platform scheme, token system, token distribution and on. should the contents this white paper change the later stages the project development, our team will publish announcements and updated versions the white paper keep all parties informed and date with the project. ionchain shall not responsible for any loss, damage however caused whether directly indirectly any party arising out connection with any contents this white paper any reliance this white paper: ionc the official token the ionchain platform, which vital tool for the efficiency the platform. not investment product. owning ionc tokens does not entitle the owner the ownership, control decision-making authority ionchain platform. ionc the encrypted token the ionchain platform. does not fall into any the categories listed below: any kind currency; version securities; stakes legal entities; shares, bonds, bills, authenticated stakes, certificates any other documents having legal consequences; debenture; and unit collective investment scheme. whether the ionc value will increase dependant the market discipline and market demand for the use ionchain platform. the worst case scenario may even not have any value all. ionchain and ionchain foundation not make any promise representation the increase decrease the value ionc tokens and shall not liable for any loss damage howsoever caused the event the increase decrease ionc tokens. the maximum extent permitted applicable law, the team not responsible for the damage and risks arising from the participation the issuance ionc tokens including, but not limited to, direct indirect personal damage, loss commercial profits, loss business information any other economic loss. ionchain platform will comply with any regulations and industry self-regulations that are beneficial the healthy development the industry. all the ionc token holders are required accept and follow the relevant regulations and/or inspections required the authorities. the same time, they need disclose all the information required complete such inspections. all this information should complete and accurate. the ionchain platform clearly presents the possible risks the participants. deciding participate the issuance ionc tokens participants confirm their understanding the terms and conditions detailed the original chinese version the white paper and translated english for reference only. participants accept the potential risks their participation and decide take responsibility for all the possible risks, loss, damage and consequences. version annex legalese and risk factors risk factors the token sale, the business and operations ionchain foundation (including but not limited the issue and distribution ionc) (collectively, the "project") are subject numerous risks, many which are beyond the control ionchain foundation. outlined below are certain development risks associated with the project, and does not cover all risks associated with the project. each participant should complete independent due diligence into the project, peruse, comprehend and consider carefully the risks described this white paper before deciding support the token sale. supporting the token sale shall action based upon prudent decision and will deemed the relevant participant having been fully aware and agreed take all the risks described the white paper. technology (i) development. without completing the development the ionchain, will impossible fully anticipate the challenges associated with ensuring the ionchain able incorporate the components. depending the implementation challenges, there may changes the design, implementation plans and execution the ionchain. while the ionchain foundation team will use its reasonable efforts develop and implement the ionchain, there assurance that completed version the ionchain will released and there may not operational ionchain. (ii) key man risk. the development team currently consists less than developers. expansion the team will priority for ionchain foundation following the token sale. (iii) reliance internet infrastructure. the ionchain relies the performance and reliability the internet infrastructure the markets which operates. there may not alternative networks data servers the event failures interruptions with the internet infrastructure. any unscheduled service interruption failure could result unavailability limited performance the ionchain. (iv) errors source code. despite security audits and peer review, nobody can guarantee that the code used both ionchain foundation error free and ionchain does not represent the same. may contain certain flaws, errors, defects and bugs, which may disable ionchain its operations. such flaws, any, would compromise the usability, stability, and/or security both the ionc and the ionchain, and consequently bring adverse impact ionc and the ionchain. disclosing this, ionchain has expressly set out the limitations the source code and shall way liable for any loss damage suffered arising out connection with such errors. token (i) loss private key. private keys are necessary for accessing blockchain assets. should private key lost destroyed, access will permanently unrecoverable. the loss private key either ionchain foundation participant could result the loss ionc. (ii) compromised conversion process. once main chain ionchain has completed, ionc will version transferred from erc the main chain ionchain. should the main chain ionchain erc become compromised hack other mechanism, there certainty that ionchain foundation will able issue holders the ionc the accurate number ionc all. (iii) volatile nature cryptocurrency. since ionchain foundation will need use funds the fiat currency each market the company operates in, drop the value the funds will result reduced resources for ionchain foundation operate. (iv) liquidity ionc. trading the ionc not responsibility objective ionchain foundation. secondary trading the ionc will conducted between voluntary market participants. there may possibility that the ionc not attributed any value offered for trading exchanges marketplaces, which would incur difficulty for the token holder divest their tokens. due different regulatory regimes different jurisdictions and the obstacles citizens certain countries open accounts cryptocurrency exchanges, the liquidity ionc may materially different different countries thus resulting substantial price discrepancies. competition (i) perceived exposed flaws. possible that comparable product could become popular due perceived exposed flaw the ionchain that not addressed ionchain foundation effectively and expediently. there may also perceived advantage comparable product that includes features not incorporated the ionchain. this product achieves significant market share, the financial condition ionchain foundation will adversely affected and there may negative impact the demand for, and price of, the ionc. security (i) privacy ionchain foundation private net. ionchain foundation has access large amount information through the ionchain, and the improper use disclosure such information could harm our reputation. ionchain foundation may subject security breaches and attacks, which may compromise the security the information store the private net ionchain foundation maintains. ionchain foundation may not have the resources technical sophistication anticipate prevent rapidly evolving types cyber-attacks. failure would result loss confidence the ionchain foundation's business. (ii) theft proceeds. there may attempts steal the token sale proceeds received ionchain foundation (including the fiat currency amount converted therefrom). such theft attempted theft may impact the ability ionchain foundation support its expansion and development the ionchain. while ionchain foundation will adopt best practice technical solutions keep the token sale proceeds safe, certain cyber-thefts may not preventable. third party (i) ceasing collaboration with partners. ionchain foundation advanced discussions with multiple partners and has entered into agreements with certain partners the development ionchain. the event any collaboration does not materialise existing collaborations are version terminated, ionchain foundation will seeking alternative partners develop the ionchain independently. the event ionchain foundation does not collaborate with partner that comparable its existing partners, the ionchain may face difficulties expansion and challenges making the ionchain commercially feasible. (ii) reliance partners. the ionchain primarily relies iot smart device manufacturers access their devices the ionchain platform. may not able establish maintain mutually beneficial commercial relationships with such partners. (iii) risk mining attacks. with other cryptocurrencies, the blockchain used for the ionc susceptible mining attacks, including but not limited double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, "selfish-mining" attacks, and race condition attacks. any successful attacks present risk the ionc, expected proper execution and sequencing ionc transactions, and expected proper execution and sequencing contract computations. (iv) other third party failures. ionchain foundation's business involves dependency other service providers. for example, temporary shutdown ionchain foundation's cloud web server could lead the ionchain foundation service being put hold. the business grows larger, ionchain foundation will work reduce the dependency third party services. market risk (i) limited interest. there may limited interest the community the use utility tokens. the ionchain new product, there certainty that the ionchain will adopted used. the size and engagement level ionchain's user base critical the success ionchain foundation. ionchain foundation cannot assure that the user base and engagement levels the ionchain will grow. such limited interest could adversely affect the development the ionchain. (ii) prior market. prior the token sale, there had been public market for the ionc. there assurance that active trading market for the ionc will develop, develops, sustained. (iii) price volatility. the trading market price the ionc may fluctuate significantly and rapidly result of, amongst others, perceived risk ionc, negative publicity ionchain foundation, the ionchain the operating performance ionchain foundation. ionchain foundation bears responsibility for such price volatility. regulatory risk (i) new token regulation introduced. regulatory authorities around the world may introduce new regulations regulate the use crypto-tokens. ionchain foundation may receive queries, notices, warnings, requests rulings from one more regulatory authorities from time time, may even ordered suspend discontinue any action connection with the token sale. regulatory authorities around the world may also deem ionc virtual commodities, digital assets even securities currencies and therefore could either prohibited from being traded held, permitted traded held, subject the tax levied, certain jurisdictions pursuant local regulatory requirements. other (i) conflict interest. there may exist potential circumstances where the interests ionchain version foundation may diverge from those ionc holders. ionchain foundation not obliged refrain from such decisions the interests the company. supporting the token sale, each participant will deemed have acknowledged these potential conflicts interest and have waived any claim with respect any liability arising from the existence any such conflicts interest. (ii) unidentified risks. ionchain foundation recognizes that there are things that will discovered the development process which this point cannot predicted. other words, despite best efforts, ionchain foundation may not yet know all the risks that will associated with the project. part the rationale behind the fundraising ensure that ionchain foundation has sufficient funds able solve such issues they arise and able continue grow the business. supporting the token sale supporting the token sale voluntary. person will deemed committed obliged support the token sale result visiting www.ionchain.org, registering himself/herself with www.ionchain.org, requesting reading any materials (including the white paper) made available ionchain foundation communicating with ionchain foundation any manner. each person shall only support the token sale "participant") through direct participation with ionchain foundation, subject such person's satisfaction ionchain foundation's "know-yourcustomer" and "anti-money-laundering" exercises. each participant will, upon supporting the token sale, deemed having perused and comprehended the white paper full (among other things, the risk factors the project) and having voluntarily accepted all the terms and conditions including but not limited the disclaimers made and the risks disclosed the white paper. ionchain foundation shall entitled take any action identify any participant any time, even after the closing the token sale. ionchain foundation conducts "know-your-customer" exercises any other kind customer due diligence verify the identities all part the participants, the participants concerned shall provide all such information timely basis and shall meet all such requests may sought instructed ionchain foundation for that purpose. this shall equally apply participants who purchased ionc via the secondary markets, other secondary purchase mechanisms, well primary sales during the token sale. ionchain foundation discovers the purchase ionc any participant violates any antimoney laundering, counter-terrorism financing other regulatory requirements, such purchase shall invalid with retroactive effect and ionchain foundation shall entitled immediately deny the relevant person's admissibility the token sale, reject delivery any ionc, irrespective any payment that could have been made that participant. non-financial nature ionc ionc not, nor should construed, understood, deemed interpreted as: (a) equity interest, voting non-voting security (or its like) in, claims against, ionchain foundation any other entity any jurisdiction; version (b) equity debt investment any kind any venture; (c) any securities having intrinsic value market price; (d) any form financial derivative; (e) any commercial paper negotiable instrument; (f) any form investment contract between the relevant holder and any other person; (g) any commodity asset that any person obliged redeem purchase; (h) any note, debenture, warrant other certificates that entitles the holder interest, dividend any kind return from any person; (i) any unit collective investment scheme. participants' representations and warranties support the token sale, each participant shall represent and warrant ionchain foundation that: (i) all the information submitted him/her ionchain foundation true, complete, valid and nonmisleading; (ii) the participant not restricted participant; (iii) where the participant natural person, he/she sufficient age support the token sale and natural person with full civil capacity conduct under the laws the jurisdiction where he/she domiciled maintains citizenship; (iv) where the participant company association body persons, corporate unincorporated (i) duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws its country incorporation; (ii) has the legal right and full power and authority participate the token sale and enter into agreements connection with the token sale, which when executed will constitute valid and binding obligations such participant; and (iii) not prohibited its constitution any applicable laws from participating the token sale; (v) the participant understands blockchain, distributed ledger technology and crypto-tokens and fully aware the risks associated with the project; (vi) the participant's support the token sale voluntary and based its own independent judgment without being coerced, solicited misled anyone else; (vii) the participant permitted the laws each jurisdiction support the token sale and legally permitted acquire, receive and hold crypto-tokens; version (viii) consent, approval, order authorization of, registration, qualification, designation, declaration filing with, any federal, state local governmental authority required his/her part connection with the participation the token sale; (ix) the participant only uses such crypto-tokens lawfully acquired through mining and/or trading make payment the token sale and does not support the token sale for any money-laundering, terrorism financing other illicit purposes; (x) the participant understands and accepts that there warranty assurance that the network miners will allocate the ionc the participant proposed these terms; (xi) the participant will transfer ionchain token from wallet respectively within wallet service provider that technically supports ionc. the participant understands and accepts, that failure ensure this may result the participant not gaining access their ionc; (xii) the participant understands and accepts that they exceed their individual limit, their participation exceeding the limit the token sale will not accepted the smart contract system; (xiii) the participant will take sole responsibility for any restrictions and risks associated with the creation ionc the smart contract system set forth below; (xiv) the participant waives the right participate class action lawsuit and/or class wide arbitration against ionchain foundation and/or any individuals involved the creation ionc; (xv) the participant understands the creation any ionc does not involve the purchase securities defined relevant and applicable legislation and law any equivalent any existing future public private company, corporation other entity any jurisdiction; (xvi) the participant understands that, the creation ionc, and the development ionchain foundation's objectives carries significant financial, regulatory and reputational risks further set forth these terms; (xvii) the participant understands and expressly accepts that there warranty and/or representations whatsoever ionc, the smart contract system and/or the success project, expressed implied, the extent permitted law, and that the smart contract system used and ionc are created and obtained the sole risk the participant "as is" and "under development" basis and without, the extent permitted law, any warranties any kind, including, but not limited to, warranties title implied warranties, merchantability fitness for particular purpose; (xviii) the participant understands and accepts that all token sale transactions are final and may not reversed, except cases where transactions have exceeded individual cap the total maximum cap the total amount raised less than the minimum cap required. participating the token sale, the participant acknowledges that has right request refund for any reason, and that participant will not receive money other compensation for any ionc that not used remains unused the participant; (xix) the participant understands with regards ionc, market liquidity may guaranteed and the value ionc over time may experience extreme volatility depreciate full; version (xx) the participant understands that the participant bears the sole responsibility determine the participant's participation the token sale, the creation, ownership use ionc, the potential appreciation depreciation over time (if any), the allocation ionc and/or any other action transaction related ionchain foundation have tax implications for him; holding using ionc, and the extent permitted law, the participant agrees not hold any third party (including developers, auditors, contractors and/or founders) liable for any tax liability associated with arising from the creation, ownership use ionc and/or any other action transaction related ionchain foundation; (xxi) part the token sale process the participant will use their own account (address) with private key associated this address and password. the password used encrypt the participant's private key. the participant understands that the participant must keep their password and private key safe and that the participant may not share them with anybody. the participant further understands that their private key and/or password lost stolen, the participant will not able generate new password recover their private key, and the participant also loses their private keys and password, the ionc associated with the participant's account (address) will unrecoverable and will permanently lost. furthermore, the participant understands that there recovery mechanism for lost keys and passwords, one will able help the participant retrieve reconstruct lost password and private keys and provide the participant with access any lost ionc; (xxii) the participant aims acquire ionc primarily for its primary function cryptographic token (which are not redeemable, associated with financial return backed any underlying asset repurchase commitment and not necessarily have market value transaction between peers) without expectation any profit financial yield and does not contemplate use ionc for any financial, speculative, illegal non-ethical purpose; (xxiii) the participant understands and accepts that the participant may not have any expectation influence over governance and/or management the project; and (xxiv) (except having specifically communicated and been permitted ionchain foundation advance) the participant supporting the token sale for their own benefit and not acting nominee agent for behalf any third party. (xxv) the participant shall when requested upon ionchain foundation provide documentary proof source funds, identity documents, residency status and all other such relevant information may required ionchain foundation fulfil any obligations law with respect knowing your client ("kyc") obligations. all the above representations and warranties made participant shall true, complete, accurate and non-misleading and from the date that participant making payment hereunder throughout the token sale and onwards. ionchain foundation reserves the right reject and invalidate the payment by, and withhold the relevant ionc from, any participant who has made false representation the sole judgment ionchain foundation. representation warranty ionchain foundation version ionchain foundation does not make, and hereby disclaims, any representation warranty with respect ionchain foundation and ionc (including their respective merchantability fitness for particular purposes). each participant's decision support the token sale and purchase any ionc shall made based his/her own knowledge ionchain foundation, ionc and ionchain and the information disclosed the white paper. without prejudice the generality the foregoing, each participant will accept the ionc "as is" basis, irrespective the technical specifications, parameters, performance function thereof. person authorised give any information connection with ionchain foundation, ionchain and ionc the token sale that not contained this white paper. limitation liability and indemnification ionchain foundation hereby expressly disclaims its liability, and shall case liable any person, for: (i) any person's support the token sale violation any anti-money laundering, counter-terrorism financing other regulatory requirements that are imposed any jurisdiction; (ii) any person's support the token sale violation any representation, warranty, obligation, covenant other provision under this white paper, and the resulting failure inability retrieve his/her payment claim relevant purchased ionc; (iii) early termination the token sale for any reason; (iv) failure distribute, offer, utilise deal with the reserved ionc; (v) failure abortion ionchain foundation development expansion and resulting failure develop the ionchain; (vi) delay rescheduling the ionchain development and resulting failure meet any anticipated milestone; (vii) any error, bug, flaw, defect otherwise the source code ionchain foundation the ionchain; (viii) failure ionc meet any specific purpose, unfitness for any specific use; (ix) utilisation the proceeds raised through the token sale; (x) failure completely disclose any information relating the development ionchain foundation the ionchain timely basis; (xi) any participant's divulgence, loss destruction the private key his/her cryptocurrency crypto-token wallet (inter alia, the wallet ionc downloaded and used that participant); (xii) any default, breach, infringement, breakdown, collapse, service suspension interruption, fraud, mishandling, misconduct, malpractice, negligence, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution winding-up any third party used buy ionc; version (xiii) any difference, conflict contradiction between this white paper and agreement between any participant and any third party; (xiv) trading speculation ionc any person; (xv) listing delisting ionc from any cryptocurrency exchange; (xvi) ionc being classified treated any government, quasi-government, authority public body kind currency, securities, commercial paper, negotiable instrument, investment otherwise that may banned, regulated subject certain legal restrictions; (xvii) any risk factors disclosed this white paper and any damage, loss, claim, liability, punishment, cost other adverse impacts that are caused by, associated with, connection with, incidental consequential that risk factor; (xviii) any failure delay the delivery and receipt ionc (when exchange for ionc) the participant; (xix) occurrences natural disasters, acts god other events beyond the control ionchain foundation that affect the businesses and/or operations related the project. the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, the participant shall indemnify, defend, and hold ionchain foundation harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, suits, actions, demands, proceedings, expenses, and/or liabilities filed/incurred any third party against ionchain foundation arising out breach any these terms hereunder. termination ionchain foundation may entitled terminate the token sale any the following occurs: (i) ionchain foundation decide abort the sale making announcement www.ionchain.org; (ii) ionchain foundation decides terminate the token sale prior the close the token sale; (iii) ionchain foundation required applicable law terminate for whatever reason; (iv) the token sale held illegal irregular under the applicable laws any jurisdiction, prohibited, banned forced cease any government any jurisdiction; and (v) ionchain foundation ceases operate prior the end the token sale, including result any force majeure event and cannot resume. ionchain foundation shall have the full discretion declare termination the token sale upon the occurrence any the above events, while participants shall not entitled object deny the decision made ionchain foundation. upon termination the token sale, ionchain foundation shall, within one month, refund its version received token sale proceeds (net costs incurred ionchain foundation conduct the token sale) the respective participants. other than set forth this section, ionchain foundation shall under obligation any participant for the termination the token sale. notwithstanding the termination the token sale: (i) the representations and warranties made each participant shall remain true, accurate, complete and non-misleading; and (ii) the challenges and risks set forth shall still apply. sections and annex shall survive the termination the token sale and remain effective and binding. tax each participant shall declare, bear and pay all such taxes, duties, imposts, levies, tariffs and surcharges that might imposed the laws and regulations any jurisdiction result connection with the receipt, holding, use, purchase, appreciation, trading divestment ionc (no matter whether purchased during the token sale otherwise acquired); and each participant shall solely liable for all such penalties, claims, fines, punishments, liabilities otherwise arising from his/her non-payment, underpayment, undue payment belated payment any applicable tax. ionchain foundation gives advice and makes representation the tax implications any participant's participation the token sale and shall have liability towards the participant for the same. waiver the failure ionchain foundation require enforce strict compliance the participant with any provision herein ionchain foundation's failure exercise any right herein shall not construed waiver relinquishment ionchain foundation right assert rely upon any such provision right that any other instance. the express waiver ionchain foundation any provision, condition, requirement the white paper shall not constitute waiver any future obligation comply with such provision, condition requirement. severability any portion this white paper held illegal invalid, whether whole part, under the laws any jurisdiction, such illegality invalidity shall not affect the legality validity the rest the white paper that jurisdiction nor the legality validity the white paper any other jurisdiction. title and subtitles the titles and subtitles used this white paper are used for convenient reference only and are not considered construing interpreting this white paper. right amend version ionchain foundation may revise the token sale terms from time time any circumstances, including but not limited to: (i) changes the type cryptocurrency used for the token sale; (ii) changes the value and features ionc; (iii) changes the governing law and jurisdiction; and (iv) any other changes that may required from time time following changes business practices and further required developments the project. third party websites platforms ionchain foundation may provide certain hyperlinks third party websites, and the inclusion any hyperlinks any advertisement any third party www.ionchain.org other platforms does not imply endorsement ionchain foundation their websites, products business practices. the participant accesses and uses any third party websites, products, services, platforms and/or business, the participant does that solely his/her own risk for which ionchain foundation will bear liability. audit the smart contract system prior the launch the smart contract system will have, reasonable effort basis, undergone security audits technical experts. the audit aims confirm that the smart contract system has, with regard both accuracy and security, been programmed according the current state the art. however, the participant understands and accepts that smart contract technology still early development stage and its application experimental nature which carries significant operational, technological, financial, regulatory and reputational risks. accordingly, while the audit conducted raises the level security and accuracy, the participant understands and accepts that the audit does not amount any form warranty, including direct indirect warranties that the smart contract system, the ionc fit for particular purpose and/or not contain any weaknesses, vulnerabilities and/or bugs which could cause, inter alia, the complete loss ionc. intellectual property rights the token sale terms shall not entitle you any intellectual property rights, including the rights relation the use, for any purpose, any information, image, user interface, logos, trademarks, trade names, internet domain names copyright connection with [website address], the token sale and the ionc. entire agreement version the token sale terms contain the entire agreement between ionchain foundation and the participant and supersede all prior agreements, understandings and/or arrangements relation the tokparty this agreement shall not enforce the token sale terms. governing law the white paper will governed and interpreted accordance with the laws the republic singapore. personal data protection interacting with, submitting information ionchain foundation, you agree and consent ionchain foundation collecting, using, disclosing and sharing your personal data, and disclosing such personal data the ionchain foundation's authorised service providers and relevant third parties the manner set forth the data protection policy ionchain foundation. rights relation the use, foren sale. token sale jurisdiction the token sale initiated and takes place worldwide and not linked any specific jurisdiction. the participants may from any jurisdiction the world, other than restricted participants. third party rights the contracts (rights third parties) act (chapter republic singapore shall not under any circumstances apply the token sale terms and any person who not party this agreement shall not enforce the token sale terms. governing law the white paper will governed and interpreted accordance with the laws the republic singapore. personal data protection interacting with, submitting information ionchain foundation, you agree and consent ionchain foundation collecting, using, disclosing and sharing your personal data, and disclosing such personal data the ionchain foundation's authorised service providers and relevant third parties the manner set forth the data protection policy ionchain foundation. version