iot chain iot chain contents chapter project background ............................................................................................ what iot? ........................................................................................................... market scale iot ................................................................................................ challenge ............................................................................................................... solutions ................................................................................................................ chapter project exposition ........................................................................................... brief introduction ................................................................................................ technical architecture ........................................................................................... our architecture .................................................................................................... product planning ................................................................................................... cooperative partners........................................................................................... chapter iii team members .............................................................................................. [(core team)] ......................................................................................................... [(consultant team)] ............................................................................................... chapter token model ................................................................................................ references ....................................................................................................................... iot chain chapter project background what iot? based the internet, traditional telecommunication network and other information carriers, iot (internet things) the network that enables interconnection between all ordinary physical objects which can located independently. iot has three key features: the equalization ordinary objects, interconnection automatic-management terminals and intellectualization pervasive services. through iot, all the things can connected the internet for information exchange and communication achieve the goals intellectualized recognition, location, tracking, monitoring and management. there are two implications iot. first, the internet still the core and foundation iot, which extended and expanded the former. second, the user- end iot has extended information exchange and communication between all things, namely the thing thing interconnectivity. iot has been applied widely network convergence means communication perceptive technologies such intelligent perception, recognition and pervasive computing. consequently, iot has been called the third wave the world's information industry development following the first and second waves computer and internet respectively. since iot expansion the internet, should more correctly referred business and application rather than network. hence, innovation application the core iot's development and creation centered user experience the soul. market scale iot since the development policies iot were brought america, european union and china iot has been developing rapid pace. traditional enterprises and magnates have all made efforts engage with iot, which has penetrated rapidly into many fields, such the manufacturing, retail, and service industries and public utilities. currently, iot the eve explosive growth large scale. according the china iot's market scale and development trend chain issu ued wulian zhongguo, the obal iot market scale had alreaddy reached billion dollars with year--on-year grrowth the figu ure expected reeach billion doll ars. from the com mpound gro owth ratee will and number newly--increased iot devicess will rise from billion billion iin (see figure figure: globaal iot markett scale and growth rate more articles and deevices are being connected ioot. accordin more and gartner, despite the glob bal populat ion being billion, the numbeer globaal iot devices foreecased increase frrom billlion bbillion reprresenting growtth rate. thee number off iot device will exceeed the sum total pc, tablet and smarrt phones inn and reach otal billion (seee figure chain figure gloobal iot market scale and growth rate according ihs marrkit, most aarticles willl intelle ectualized bby the futurre, everything will interconnec cted, from cup house, andd iot will pread acrosss every asp pect our life (see figuure figure application fie elds iot the globaal expenditture technica productts and serrvices enteerprises haas reached billionn dollars this num mber will iincrease billion dollars epresentingg annual growth rate. purre iot tech hnical servvices expen nditure subset oof this expaansive grow wth will reeach billion iot chain dollars with annual growth rate. based assumption annual growth rate, asia will have the fastest growth and comprise estimated worldwide iot expenditure iot chain challenge challenge traditional attack techniques damage iot devices wantonly [(challenge)] the botnets things created mirai was entitled one the ten breakthrough technologies mit technology review. according the statistics, the botnets things have infected more than million iot devices, for example, the cameras. the ddos attack launched this made the network american dns service provider dyn break down and users could not visit several popular websites such twitter and paypal during short period. afterwards, more botnets appeared, including the one that hijacked the iot devices mine bitcoins and the http, which has larger scale and more active. centralized management structure cannot prove its innocence and individual private data leak has happened occasionally. for example, may, the people's daily online once reported that cameras chengdu were enforced for webcast. present, the security model based closed source (often called "security through obscurity") has exposed its potential safety hazards and will abandoned gradually and replaced new security model, "security through publicity". realize this, necessary upgrade the model open source software. though the current open source systems are still vulnerable accidents and are low availability, they are less prone government interference and other targeted attacks. therefore, the open source systems will play important role home automation well networking vehicles and other devices. [(solution)] iot chain (itc) has adopted the asymmetrical encryption. long the private key kept properly, the data cannot cracked even it's collected. the same time, all the nodes itc are equal, which protects the users' privacy. moreover, based the character that blockchain cannot tampered, the manufacturers and service providers will not able tamper with users information. iot chain challenge high cost centralized architecture [(challenge)] even before the revenue iot reaches market expectation, the costs iot are still extremely high. most exiting iot solutions require huge investments: apart from the commission for intermediaries these services, building and maintaining the infrastructure related centralized cloud and large- scale server clusters represent significant capital outlay. unfortunately, current iot solutions fail meet the service supply and continually miss customer's expectation. the past, the cost and revenue the industry were always consistent. large-scale server, during its long lifespan, would receive long-term service since the manufactures and the buyers have signed support contract. for personal computers and smartphones, athough there typically high-profit support plan, this generally not major issue due their relatively short lifespan. however for iot, the equipment manufactures typically work small margins the extent that they don not generate enough profits support and maintain the equipment for extended period. meanwhile, will require huge sum money serve hundreds billions smart devices, let alone the high maintenance fees associated with centralized server for distributing and updating software. the operating costs wechat servers for million users have reached above million yuan per month. now there are billion devices online, the annual operating costs servers will billion yuan and the number still increasing rapidly every year. [(solution)] the future itc shall have tens thousands nodes and they will absolutely adequate meet the needs iot data storage with combination blockchain's distributed ledger technology. thanks the de-centralization blockchain, there need for highly-intensive computer clusters. both technologies have dramatically reduced the operating and maintaining costs the whole iot. iot chain solutions the concept blockchain blockchain important concept introduced with bitcoin and its essence decentralized database. narrow sense, blockchain sort chain-data structure where data blocks are linked accordance with time sequence. also distributed ledger which cannot tampered counterfeited under the protection cryptology methods. broad sense, blockchain technology brand new distributed infrastructure and computing paradigm which uses chain-data structure verify and store data, uses distributed node consensus algorithm generate and update data, uses cryptology methods guarantee the safety data transmission well data access and utilizes smart contract composed automatic script code program and operate data. more colloquial way, blockchain technology enables everyone take part the bookkeeping. there database behind every system and regard the database large ledger, the person charge bookkeeping quite important. under the current technical situation, the person who owns the system responsible for the bookkeeping. for example, tencent charge the bookkeeping wechat and alibaba charge taobao. the blockchain system, everyone will have the chance involved the bookkeeping process. during specific period time, there any change the data, everyone the system can participate bookkeeping. the system will select the fastest and the most qualified user write his record the ledger and then distribute the updated ledger copies other users the system backup. therefore, everyone the system will have complete ledger. this kind bookkeeping method called the blockchain technology. the advantages blockchain technology the idea everyone charge bookkeeping has brought obvious advantages: iot chain high security: the basic architecture blockchain immune traditional internet attacks. the feature iot's information encryption and secure communication security through publicity, and this will help protect users' privacy. management identity access and multi-party consensus will contribute the recognition misbehaving nodes and prevent malicious nodes from accessing destroying the network. the structure based chain data will conducive building electronic evidence which can verified and traced. low costs: the features decentralization, multi-centers and weakening centralization will reduce the operating costs centralized architecture. the barriers blockchain application objectively speaking, although blockchain has many distinctive merits, there are still quite few barriers its widespread application. using bitcoin example: resource consumption: bitcoin's pow (proof work) consensus mechanism with high resource consumption, while most iot devices have problems associated with low computing and network capability well short battery life. data expansion: with the growth blockchain, comes the question "can iot devices provide enough storage capacity?". currently, bitcoin needs physical storage space, and that number keeps increasing. blockchain technology were widely used, the associated demand for storage space would enormous. performance bottleneck: the limit speed traditional bitcoin trade transactions per second and will take approximately one hour write the blockchain plus the time for consensus confirmation. this will lead feedback and warning delays, which not infeasible for delay-sensitive industrial iot. iot chain partition tolerance: the industrial iot emphasizes that the nodes should "always online" but happens all the time that ordinary iot nodes fail and rejoin the network back and forth. this will generate network shocks which consumes lot network bandwidth and may even cause "network partition". all the above stated issues are not immediately obvious when the blockchain used small scale, but they will big headache large-scale applications. how can solve these problems? iot chain chapter project exposition brief introduction due the centralization design traditional iot architecture, the users' behavioral data stored the central servers controlled merchants. thus, the users' data prone leaked out and the users' privacy well safety will face severe threats. the blockchain has provided decentralized ideas and technology, which are very suitable for the self-service, self-maintenance, self-transactions and shares between machines iot industry []. but there are still some key problems solved when applying the blockchain technology iot, such the form consensus, quick and efficient payment processing small amounts and the protection data privacy. for these challenges, iot brings its own solutions including pbft, spv, dag, cps cluster technology, big-data-analysis smart contract chaincode name few. itc adopts the main chain pbft consensus, the dag network, which supports high performance nature, side chain and the multi-tier architecture build iot operating system which safe, decentralized and can support high levels concurrency. technical architecture pbft one the core problems blockchain establishing consensus between nodes. different consensus algorithms will create different performance. itc applies the pbft consensus algorithm achieve main chain consensus (see figure practical byzantine fault tolerance (pbft) state machine replication algorithm based the consistency message passing []. through three stages, namely pre- prepare, prepare and confirm stage, this algorithm provides fault tolerance (n- the total number nodes) the premise ensuring the activity and safety []. iot chain figure the process achieving consensus pbft algorithm though using pbft algorithm may cause some losses the extensibility nodes, both extensibility and performance needs can balanced adjusting the weight. the blockchain technology based pbft consensus algorithm has already been applied the digital currency central bank china, bumeng blockchain and ibm's hyperledger. recently, the honeybadgerbft consensus protocol has been proposed, which said have realized asynchronous bft protocol []. adopting pbft consensus protocol, itc has greatly improved the main chain's processing performance the premise achieving consensus the main chain's decentralization. dag bitcoin has recently had hard time with the segwit expansion solution. owing the linked-list data structure blockchain itself, bitcoin's transaction performance has become worse and transaction fees are increasing. dag distributed architecture without any block and applies directed acyclic graph architecture (see figure instead the heavy linked blockchain structure. compared with bitcoin's longest-chain consensus, dag changes this into the heaviest-chain consensus mechanism, confirming new deal through transaction weight and partial consensus among nodes, which binds proof work with each deal skillfully. this not only solves the current problem centralization iot chain bitcoin's mining but also greatly improves the whole distributed network's throughput capacity, thereby lowering the transaction costs. after extensive analysis, believe that dag will become the basic data structure for the next generation's blockchain. figure dag topological structures the dag network, order start transaction, the node needs simple proof work and pack several unconfirmed transactions into its own transation. when new child transactions confirm the parent transactions, partial consensus will established. the more nodes that are related the parent transaction, the easier will for the transaction confirmed. all transactions issued these nodes form this directed acyclic graph set. the confirmation new transaction determined the former transaction's weight. optimizing the node selection algorithm and setting the transaction weight, the over dispersion dag and hashrate attack illegal transactions can avoided protect high efficiency and security transactions the chain. itc adopts dag's data structure solve performance problems. the one hand, the transaction performance can improved. the other hand, itc can resist quantum attack. iot chain the dag's twisted structure can naturally suit the iot's message passing mode and can bring extremely high performance for itc and satisfy blockchain's decentralization and safety the same time. itc applies distributed pow and pos ideas --different iot devices nodes can adopt different security levels according their requirements satisfy various scenes iot ecosystem. spv spv (simple payment verification) technology which can conduct payment verification without maintaining complete blockchain information long the blocks' headers are preserved. this technology cannot only reduce the cost blockchain payment verification but also reduce the overhead users. the design principle spv was first introduced nakamoto's bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system taking bitcoin example, payment verification can conducted the nodes preserve all blocks' headers. not, payment verification cannot accomplished independently, but necessary information payment verification can obtained from other nodes the blockchain finish transaction payment verification and get the number verified transactions the whole blockchain network (see figure itc nodes use spv technology solve the data expansion problem major network and dag. improving payment verification efficiency the key method ensuring the whole network's performance. figure spv verification principles iot chain security big-data intelligent analysis--smart contract chaincode itc will become the most abundant data ecosystem the generation iot and generate large amount data based smart devices and users' behavior. currently, the users' data are monopolized magnate companies and often leveraged and violated business models that abuses users' data privacy, such advertisement recommendation and information reselling. chaincode was first brought ibm and refers smart contract mentioned ethereum. iot chain itc, users' data belong themselves. any company who intends big-data analysis algorithm model training advertisement recommendations will need submit chaincode itc. using probability model algorithm such hyperloglog bloomfliter and zero- knowledge proof, can provide the necessary interface api for chaincode data analysis. with the restriction and assignment these interfaces, contracts submitted chaincode cannot steal the users' initial data but can obtain aggregated data used for smart business decision. after execution chaincode, the companies need pay itc token users who then provide the data according the data value. this way, itc provides big-data analysis ecosystem where both users and companies win. cps "itc intelligent analysis platform" big-data value-creation system will required traditional production system transformed into smart factories producing intelligent products. meet this command, smart systems focused the cyber physical system (cps) have emerged. essence, cps multi-dimensioned smart technical system based big data, network and mass computation. through core technologies including intelligent sensing, analyzing, mining, assessing, predicting, optimizing and cooperation, cps can integrate computing, communication and control for deep collaboration realize profound integration between physical space and cyberspace involving the object's mechanism, environment and community []. the architecture itc refers cps cluster and builds the cps technical system structure networks five levels, including connection, conversion, cyber, cognition and configuration). this system architecture, pluggable and independent blocks network communications, data analysis and value transfer can improve the stability iot's ecosystem itc and make more intelligent (see figure cps refers the architectural design for the iot ecosystem itc rather than specific technical details. iot chain figure the interactive network cps technical system summary, with the application spv technology nodes, the pbft consensus algorithm the main chain well reference the cps iot layered architecture and innovative combination dag technology with main chain, itc has achieved the big-data analysis ecosystem which can satisfy iot's high- concurrency explosive usage scenarios, providing intelligent data analysis api and produce win-win situation between users and customers the premise safety well decentralization. compared with traditional blockchain, itc has distinctive advantages system configuration and transaction performance (see chart chart comparative analysis itc performance cpu ram hard disk transaction confirmation speed traditional blockchain core duo quad ghz bitcoin minutes ethereum seconds itc ghz millisecond(figure chain figure comparison between traansaction con nfirmation spe eeds differrent technolo ogies figure performannce analysiss itc execcution efficiiency itc design followingg platform aarchitecture (see figure chain figure arrchitecture off itc platform under thiis architectture, the saafety and usability off the projeect platform has been greattly improved (see figurre chain figure users' usage scenario our architeccture the largeest basic architecture iot intelligentt lighting ddevices and their nodes arre globally distributedd. the latesst market research reeport issued the world d's second largest market research and consultingg companyy marketsand markets oints out hat the sccale thee intelligent lighting markeet will reach billioon dollars and the com mpound nual rate grow wth from will .%. accordingg ericsson's predictiion, global iot's conne ection scalee will rise billion yuan ntelligent fuurnishing iss one the most possiible pivot buillding iot making penetrat into ordinary users. the moost common entry-level inteelligent furnishing apppliance, inte elligent lighting devicees will likelyy gain greatest benefits with the devellopment iot chain shanghai zhuonian software research and development co., ltd. major provider iot technology for leading global smart light companies. has solid foundation and track record successfully operation and delivering itc projects. compared with projects this nature however, our itc project has remarkable technical superiorities (see chart which will ensure the success our project and mission. iot chain chart comparison with similar project product planning currently the iot ecosystem centralized intelligent device system and itc node network essence. within this network sufficient numbers nodes are essential element order ensure the whole network's stability. nodes can divided into normal type and non-normal type. normal-type nodes refer devices which remain open but their operational capability not utilized. but for non-normal devices, once they are open, they will start operating. avoid power wastage and inefficiency caused pow, need find more stable normal- type nodes. taking lighting example, the rotation earth brings day and night, and light necessary night. modern societies, light comes from lighting equipment which normal-type device huge amounts and can used maintain itc's chain stab bility. for nstance, hen using zhuonian ligghting cloud products, the users need log applicatio contrrol the lights. users cannot use lighting devices uthorizes booth the userr and the evice. until the central server our techn nical schem (see igure figure updatees the original hting system and uti lizes backe end verifica ation netw work ell inteelligent ligh own nership ensure the system wil use itc's blockchain technologyy verify. thus, can guaraantee that our intelliggent lightin system will saafer, faster and more stable efficient than any prrevious system. figure iot lightinng structure zhuonian blockchain figurre applicaations blocckchain iot lig ghting iot chain more specific, the schedule for research and development our project well product development are follows (see figure chain figuree technolo ogy r&d scheedule and pro oduct develop pment strateggies coope erative parttners vview the affirmation pects itc''s solutions, and the futuure development prosp tthe future jointly deve eloping itcc products based blockchain ttechnologyy, the follo owing comp panies have signed fra mework agreements with the itcc team: [(llierda kesi science technology group co.,lltd)] state-leveel high-tech enterprisee providingg embedded networkinng solution for the internet off things, lie erda focusees embe edded micro ocontroller technologyy and wireeless rfid technology for the inteernet thin ngs. after several yearrs investm ment, lierrda took thee lead domestic reseearch devvelop new industrial structure emb bedded miccro-control technologyy and intern net things technologgy, and achieved seeries coree technologgies and ind ependent ntellectual property rigghts. iot chain [(gizwits iot technology co., ltd)] gizwits one the largest iot development platforms and hosting services the world, and strategic partner espressif. gizwits offers developers tools quickly add connectivity capabilities their products and access them the smartphone and the cloud. founded gizwits has become one the most advanced iot technology platforms, servicing nearly enterprise customers. the platform offers free hosting for makers and hobbyists, who can also choose upgrade commercial grade iot services when they are ready turn their devices into commercial grade products. the platform supports both public and private cloud deployment. gizwits works with amazon aws and microsoft azure, allowing developers launch iot products globally. august gizwits powers over million online devices, and has growing community over developers. was listed one the top global iot startups forbes magazine, and was named one the top most innovative companies china fast company magazine. [(shanghai ximo communication technology co., ltd)] ximo co.,ltd innovative enterprise that specialized providing services global internet, smart home areas and solutions, ximo intelligent home furnishing manufacturer that devoted the integration research, production and sales. present, has several intelligent home furnishing manufacturing bases and dozens offices china. ximo intelligent home furnishing integrated with intelligent light system, intelligent safe-protection system, intelligent security systems, intelligent video system, intelligent curtain system, mobile phone remote video monitoring system, etc., provide intelligent solutions for the whole house such means timing, scene and linkage name few. the team ximo intelligent home furnishing committed creating high quality household life style supported and delivered combination humanity and technology. users can take care their daily life any time via remote control iot chain with mobile app., which can provide safer, enjoyable and more efficient household system management experience for users. [(comen electronics technology co., ltd)] comen high-tech enterprise that integrate research development with the manufacture intellectual products. comen focuses mainly the production wall switches, power outlets, wireless remote controls, surge protectors, multifunctional sockets and other related products. comen has ten-year experience electronics manufacturing and proven track record success, with the majority products awarded tuv/gs, its/gs, kema, ce,ul approval standards. comen also has numerous business relationships with european, america, north america and south africa companies. [(wuxi balas lighting electronics co., ltd.)] wuxi balas lighting electronics co., ltd specialized manufacturer different kinds lamps, with strong research development focus production capability. wuxi balas has earned high reputation its specialized field. the company's products all have gained national patents because their new style, elegant color, good quality and competitive price. these products, have large potential market, and hugely popular both domestically and overseas markets, enjoying particular success especially asia, the usa and european. sincerely cherish any communication and co-operation from friends different fields and any suggestion idea from you will highly appreciated.[(norra technologies co., ltd.)] norra technologies co., ltd. new creative company, established someone graduated abroad. through continuous innovation, have established machine-to-machine (mm) communication advantage real-time monitoring systems, such smart-cities, environment monitoring and manufacture monitoring. with strength image processing based sensor devices, secure communications and web server technology, norra has gained rising position the era internet things. our products and solutions have served numerous companies and are highly praised and valued our customers. iot chain norra's vision make communication green, reliable and secure. combining innovative ideas and expertise the information sharing field, aim make the dissemination and use information more efficient and faster without relying direct human intervention. have good network cooperation with universities and institutes, such the ntnu norway, pri-sdl chinese academy science, hkr sweden name few. provide embedded hardware software, sensor networks, image processing algorithms, secure communication and information sharing applications. iot chain chapter iii team members the team members our project are all senior experts smart hardware and algorithm field with rich experience starting business. besides, have employed industry elites project consultants. the members are: [(core team)] ceo: xie zhuopeng xie zhuopeng senior entrepreneur and expert iot field. has been engaged the smart hardware field for four years and has extensively studied blockchain technologies for three years. xie has deep insights smart hardware and recognized expert his field, regularly invited speech summits focusing smart hardware. xie has participated designing smart lighting architecture for several lighting companies both domestically and abroad and has been engaged numerous projects design smart hardware architecture. cto: ding ying ding ying has worked the development chip's firmware for years. ding has experience digital imagery, model retrieval, compression algorithm processing audio and video and financial software bank card. ding has deep understanding chip's hardware, embedded software structures and encryption algorithms. cfo: zhao tan mba from mit sloan school management, cpa china, singapore and fcca uk. zhao was apac treasurer large multi-national company, responsible for hedging, upkeep bank infrastructure (jpm), supply chain finance roll-out (db), cash management, in-country funding strategy and financial risk management. was selected into j.p.morgan apac client advisory council major programmer: liao dongnian iot chain liao has been engaged the smart hardware field for four years and was lead designing the smart lighting architecture the world's top-one lighting company. has studied blockchain technology for three years and mastered java, c++, ruby, mqtt and blockchain. iot chain major programmer: yasheng has been engaged the smart hardware field for four years and started research blockchain iot technology previously had participated researching and developing the iot architecture design international famous brand and was also previously technical manager the installment business department tongcheng tourism petty loan. [(consultant team)] liang ran: expert blockchain technology, liang mainly studies the issue and transaction assets blockchain. co-edited the chinaledger whitepaper well china blockchain technology and application development whitepaper issued miit and the judge miit first china blockchain development contest. also, the co-founder ripplefox (ripplefox china's biggest ripple and stellar's gateway and the leader chinese community both ripple and stellar. zhou shuoji: zhou the founding partner fbg and expert digital currency transaction well active investor blockchain field. one china's early pioneer practitioner blockchain technology and the opinion leader china digital currency community, zhou has started and managed two digital-currency private transaction funds. zhiwei: vice president opple lighting co., ltd (). after opple's going public, became the world's largest lighting company with more than million yuan market value. xinhua: master shanghai jaitong university and winner first prize shanghai science and technology advancement. took part establishing standards for unionpay credit cards' encryption chips and for central bank's digital currency. sheng wenjun: founder telink. got his bachelor, master and doctor iot chain degree from tsinghua university. telink gained intel strategic investment and also the cooperative partner iot. qiu haiyi: founder and general manager high-flying. high-flying the distributor chips and the only iot enterprise invested baidu. the annual turnover high-flying about million yuan. iot chain chapter token model itc acronym for iot onchain tokens, which the lifeblood the decentralized iot networking operating systems. itc measure the value circulation the ecosystem iot chain. anything involving the use smart devices, ownership, and the value the content ecosystem smart devices, requires itc billing. the following two points ensure that the demand for itc the ecological environment continues grow. .every smart device that joins the ecosystem the universe must have built-in itc. more and more smart devices join the iot chain system, the demand for itc will continue rise. the iot chain system, data sovereignty belongs users. the era big data, there will steady stream big data analysis needs, and each big data analysis request will need consume itc and allocated users according each user's data contribution. with the sound development the data ecosystem iot chain, the demand for itc will continue grow. iot chain references bahga madisetti blockchain platform for industrial internet things [j]. softw. eng. appl, (): castro liskov practical byzantine fault tolerance[c]//osdi. castro liskov practical byzantine fault tolerance[c]//osdi. cachin architecture the hyperledger blockchain fabric[c]//workshop distributed cryptocurrencies and consensus ledgers. miller xia croman al. the honey badger bft protocols[c]// acm sigsac conference computer and communications security. acm, :-. nakamoto bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system [j]. jia chang, feng han. blockchain: from digital currency credit society [j]. beijing, citic publishing house people nxtforum.org dag, generalized blockchain. https://nxtforum.org/proof-of-stake-algorithm/dag-a-generalized-blockchain/ (registration nxtforum.org required). lee bagheri kao cyber-physical systems architecture for industry .-based manufacturing systems [j]. manufacturing letters,