anapp blockchain technologies limited scalable blockchain proof assignment protocol iotw highly secure iot ecosystem, enabling instant transaction and green micro mining from any connected device extra hardware, additional cost. whitepaper by: fred leung, tony chan, kartik mehrotra, and peter chan mission develop iot blockchain protocol using proof assignment integrate iot devices with blockchain such that decentralized network iot applications and data exchange can established. the problem current consensus systems such proof work proof stake have drawbacks that make them difficult for adaptation iot devices. for example, the proof work system requires strong computational power and large amounts memory the end-node side, which are costly for consumers adopt. "mining machine" for bitcoin costs over usd per set. mining under the pow protocol deliberately consumptive power. estimated that the bitcoin network uses the global energy consumption and more power than several developing nations. the pow system gets bigger, the whole network slows down. the proof stake system still requires large amounts memory the end nodes, and also large amount tokens able win the blockchain reward. the rich gets richer under the pos system. both pow and pos are leading the centralization and accumulation mining power into the hands few entities. under pow, giants like bitmain's mining pools control close bitcoin's mining. similarly, under pos, original adopters ethereum who own large stakes can easily rake all the fees from the network. introduction have invented completely new blockchain protocol that can run most kinds iot devices without the need change any hardware; have mining function attract iot device users join the chain; have unique consensus protocol called "proof assignment" that gives fair chance all iot devices obtain mining rewards; very light overall power consumption; and supports instant transactions even the chain expands size exponentially. features our new blockchain architecture divide the blockchain network into different layers reduce system requirement the iot devices (end nodes) side; end nodes not have have strong computational power large amount memory; all iot devices can connect our blockchain without any hardware change; all the end nodes have equal chances getting blockchain rewards; the chain does not consume unnecessary power; and the chain supports instant transactions matter how big becomes. from the proof assignment consensus protocol, have developed the "micro-mining" protocol. micromining introduced incentivize iot device users connect their devices our blockchain and provide usage data. order make easy for iot devices connect our blockchain, have also designed new blockchain architecture with end-nodes and trusted-nodes separated. under this innovative new architecture, most the iot devices the world, them big small, can run our micro-mining software without the need for any hardware change. for the first time ever, blockchain and iot devices can seamlessly work together. aim connect every household the world with blockchain and collect their usage data for betterment the whole mankind. this can achieved through our easy adopt blockchain design, and token reward system (iotw tokens system). iot device owners who join our blockchain network will rewarded with iotw tokens. shall establish decentralized purchase network for the iotw holders purchase goods and services with their iotw tokens directly from the device makers and service providers. this decentralized purchasing ecosystem away with all unnecessary middlemen and agents. the following pages will explain our technology and business case more details. high instantaneous throughput iot blockchain architecture using proof assignment consensus motivations blockchain arguably the most disruptive information technology (it) decades. using distributed ledger architecture, blockchain technology poised transform our society many ways, revolutionizing our financial system, supply chain and even legal system. yet, blockchain technology has virtually hit roadblock the internetof-things (iot) arena, markedly limiting its applications ubiquitous electronic devices and appliances our daily lives. the most popular blockchain algorithms used today are proof work (pow) [naka] and proof stake (pos) [king] algorithms. unfortunately, both pow and pos are inappropriate for iot applications because most iot devices have very limited computing and memory resources, and power budget. this end, have invented new proof-of-assignment algorithm that suitable for iot devices and very robust, secure and scalable. the pow algorithm used many existing blockchains, including bitcoin, which miners compete become the first provider cryptographical problem. not environmentally friendly algorithm and consumes much energy. the complexity the cryptographical problem increases with the growth the size the ledger size and already demanding super computing power. although pow useful for some applications, definitely not good for iot applications. the pos consensus process, candidate regularly elected among validators the blockchain ecosystem. the pos algorithm less power hungry than the pow algorithm because the above election process and the cryptographical problem solving not require supercomputing power. nevertheless, pos still not good choice for iot application because each node still needs have substantial computing and memory resources. our proof assignment (poa) algorithm designed gracefully solve these specific iot issues. miner pow (proof work) miner pos (proof stake) miner poa (proof assignment) micro mining the poa algorithm, each iot device required perform some simple but very important cryptographic tasks, known "micro mining". the other hand, these iot devices are not required handle the transaction ledger, which maintained distributed trust node system. pow mining machine (proof work) electric power blockchain network pos node (proof stake) electric power poa node (proof assignment) blockchain network blockchain network trusted node ledger server data exchange interface high power psu very high-speed ("w) processor ledger storage data exchange interface high power psu ("w) high-speed processor ledger storage low voltage supply ledger storage low voltage supply micro-controller with data exchange interface micro-controller with data exchange interface miner miner while pos solves the energy wasting, ledger servers involved such blockchain still need have substantial memory capacity accommodate the transaction ledger. the cost will then become not affordable for small iot devices become blockchain enabled. iotw aims removing such hurdle enable the general adoption blockchain our daily used products. this will hopefully fuel the growth blockchain transactions our daily life. similar pos, mining devices the iotw blockchain not require super computational power. addition, iotw removes the need for mining devices store the transaction ledger. this removes the cost associated with the large memory and therefore adding mining capability simple iot devices will become affordable. the consensus algorithm behind the iotw proof assignment (poa). instead allowing every network node participate mining pow, having voting process elect the appointed validator for transaction pos, poa elects single candidate limited number candidates solve the cryptographical problem pre-agreed criteria (e.g. random, historic time connected the system, among cryptocurrency involved, etc.) and issue the task directly the elected candidate(s). therefore, limited competition exists solving the cryptographical problem. furthermore, the storage the ledger not mandatory requirement for mining devices. transaction ledgers are being stored higher networks layer(s) such trusted servers ledger servers. the poa makes the requirement computational power and memory capacity the mining devices basic. average micro-controller controlling functionality products (e.g. electric fans, rice cookers, vacuum cleaners, air conditioners, printers, etc.) with network access and sufficient program memory incorporate the mining software can become mining device the iotw blockchain. thus, the term micro mining adopted for the mining process iotw distinguish from other conventional mining. since the cost for adding micro mining any iot enabled product extremely low near zero, together with the incentive getting award during the operating life the products with micro mining capabilities, anticipated that the adoption can much more rapid than public blockchains today. this will bring blockchain technologies down earth and spawns off various applications. initial launch iotw blockchain aims creating market place linking household appliance product manufacturer, agents, services providers, and end user. accessing the iotw blockchain via mobile phones, pads, and computers will also supported. product manufacturer, agents and distributors, service providers, etc., are strategic partners iotw blockchain and the aim the iotw blockchain grow together with its strategic partners. miner selection algorithm elect miner candidates from large set iot devices, can adopt the following two types approaches. first, for centralized approaches, allow flexible design choices for selecting iot mining device(s). for example, can leverage the api server perform the assignment allocation; the api server can delegate the allocation task ledger server/trusted node. the assigning process can random, where each iot device has equal chance being selected. or, the assigning process might weighted, that each iot device has different chance being selected and proportional their weights. practice, can use the reliability the iot devices, i.e., whether has correctly performed mining previous assignments, build their reputations weights. another possible approach through generating public randomness and using seed select iot devices, completely decentralized manner. here give one concrete instantiation using verifiable random functions (vrf). the public randomness seed can generated via vrf, via multi-party computation protocol. later, using seed, each iot device (with public/private key pair can generate specific hash value via (hash, vrfsk (seed), where hash hash value and proof. then, the iot device can determine whether selected, e.g., via pre-defined characteristics the least significant bits hash, and others can prove that the iot device indeed being selected via validating the given hash, and checking whether true vrfpk (hash, seed) holds. furthermore, for selection criteria, can either select iot candidates randomly proportion their weights the blockchain, such money units their accounts. system architecture today, public blockchains simply have flat layer ledger server mesh network under the api server. the iotw blockchain has more network layer(s) below the ledger server mesh network. mining devices may linked any one the ledger servers iotw blockchain directly, via another layer trusted node mesh network. mesh networks between mining devices and trusted nodes may also exist. hence, the network architecture may vary from one multiple layers mesh networks. should also noted that due the simplicity mining devices, mmi for transaction processing and direct association with wallet are generally not being built within mining devices. instead, they are normally linked user devices such cell phones, tablets, computers for communicating with the iotw blockchain ecosystem. similar with public blockchains today, there api server top the ledger server mesh network link different categories users together, well wallets and exchanges. big data bank can built into the spi servers collecting data, and carry out analysis generate useful information such consumer behavior, best selling products, product reliability and life, service response time, etc. such information has the potential become income-generating source for the iotw blockchain. the following diagram illustrates possible system architecture. should noted that the mining assignment block shown within the api server. also possible that the mining assignment within the ledger server mesh network controller. physical service consumable provider physical service consumable provider mining assignment big data collector request processing api wallet api server ledger server ledger server trust node mesh network trust node device node device node device node device mesh mesh network device node trust node device node blockchain ecosystems are normally more vulnerable takeover attacks when the number ledger server nodes small. number ledger servers grow, blockchains become more and more robust against such attacks. therefore, special care should taken during initial launch new blockchains. for iotw, the whole system controlled anapp blockchain technologies limited collaboration with strategic partners serving also owners trusted nodes, even trusted ledger servers. the makes the iotw blockchain ecosystem not open system the beginning trade for better system security. transaction execution transaction request can raised any devices the iotw blockchain ecosystem having valid wallet for paying receiving iotw coins. transaction request comprises the transaction information terms the nature transaction such purchase selling goods and services, involved parties, delivery schedule, warranty terms, transaction amount involved, etc., together with transaction hash, and other optional data such signature, day and time stamp, etc. the following diagram illustrates typical ledger with transaction blocks block hash block data transaction transaction hash optional signature upon receiving new transaction request, the iotw blockchain ecosystem assigns the job computing the new block hash one more mining devices. trusted node(s) ledger server(s) then validates new block hash generated mining device(s). other optional data transaction request once verified and validated, the newly generated block hash will appended the transaction request form new transaction block. the new transaction then being appended the last transaction block. transaction amount involved will then transferred between corresponding wallets. data transaction block block hash transaction hash optional signature block other optional data block hash data transaction (n) transaction hash (n) optional signature (n) other optional data (n) block hash (n) block security: witnessing protocol since transaction ledger not being stored micro-mining machines (iot devices), the hostile takeover does not apply this network layer. the iotw blockchain ecosystem, the key security protect the ledger from attacks the trusted server network layer. theoretically, trusted servers are already most robust against attacks. addition, are developing another algorithm improve the security the iotw blockchain ecosystem. instead validating new transaction just verification iot micro-mining and validating trusted nodes, least one witness who not the mining node will invited witness the new transaction using digital signature (private/public key pair). with such implementation, attack needs simultaneously attack both the transaction ledger well the associated blockchain witnesses gain hostile takeover. hence, this will greatly improve the security the iotw blockchain ecosystem. this known the witnessing protocol. security the system will growing with time more devices get connected. have patented witness protocol that assumes few devices from the pool available ones will picked sign and verify the transaction blocks. the block will considered valid only all devices will return the same coherent verification. case not coherent verification provided, all devices chosen for this verification will blacklisted and removed from the pool. further enhance security for single block, verifications originated from different geographical locations and different manufacturers can chosen and connected trusted servers residing different cloud infrastructures (aws, google, ms). below, give more concrete analysis the extra security strength brought our witnessing protocol. suppose have witness nodes being pre-selected the setup stage. assume that each witness node has probability compromised the adversary. here the compromise probability directly related the deployed security practices how protect the witness nodes. then the probability (k) that exactly out witness nodes have been compromised follows the binomial distribution (k;n,p), given the formula: (k) (k;n,p) (nk) (-p)-k put the above math formula contexts, pre-select the trusted nodes witnesses, which are necessarily well-maintained our system, then can expect that the probability would extremely small. use threshold based witnessing scheme, which demands out witness nodes' signatures audit the block, then the probability that more than witness nodes have been compromised external attacker given the formula: (k) ... (t- thus, follow the standard blockchain threat model (byzantine), and set witness nodes, then the above formula gives overwhelmingly high probability that the adversary cannot control more than witness nodes. while for witnesses serving iot mining nodes, can expect that the probability might rise. nevertheless, can integrate combination iot mining nodes and trusted nodes witnesses, and emphasize that the attacker has compromise both the trusted nodes and selected iot witness nodes the same time disrupt our ecosystem. iotw blockchain network management the initial assignment iot devices ledger server managed anapp blockchain technologies limited collaboration with strategic partners such semiconductors and iot devices vendors. when the ecosystem grows, management standard steering committee will form interesting individuals and companies oversee the overall iot ledger sever assignment and general network management, and its future development direction. members this committee come from different stakeholders who participate iot device manufacturing and selling chain. anapp founding members have founded usb ohci, and participated pci sig, wireless lan standard development. anapp has the skillset push start such committee. patents will licensed out for free when the development and sales for iotw network ecosystems with some exception such building mining farm. the steering committee and anapp will have the right take legal action against such violation shut down their operation. the target put iotw coins into common people's hand through mining. will select appropriate security models benchmark the figure merit about the iotw blockchain ecosystem before the public launching. existing status future works have been successfully running iotw blockchain iot devices the same time with single trust node. transactions are being generated using either cell phones computers the moment, but will soon other connected devices such light bulbs and air purifiers well. the blockchain ledger can viewed computer screen (for demo only and not the future working version). the software fully scalable. furthermore, the current implementation target for instant transactions. the ultimate target performance would transactions per second. our recent alpha testing the platform resulted transactions per second for long distance network transactions and transactions per second for local network transactions future development will focus the following implementation real iotw blockchain ecosystem with user friendly mmi scale the system capacity accommodate practically unlimited number users (as discussed previously) implementation further security features make the ecosystem more robust against the attack (further discussion following paragraph) development data analysis big data and launch related services instead the normal validation pow pos, iotw implements another level security inviting one more user(s) serve witness co-sign transactions. signature(s) the witnesses are generated private key and validation such signature(s) done using the public key. this will greatly increase the difficulty for the talk over attack due the need tackle simultaneously the witness's blockchain within the limited time transaction processing. mining algorithm comparison proof work (pow) proof stake (pos) proof assignment (poa) greater mining leads higher rewards compensation increases more people get paid the more the mining nodes are, the more rewards get crypto currency bitcoin and many others nem, peercoin, etc etherueum will adopted the future iotw computation power required extremely high lower than pow extremely low power consumption extremely high lower than pow extremely low few seconds less than one second ming can potentially centralized mining decentralized compensation instant transaction iot device centralization mining becoming more centralized business model: bbc collecting usage data from iot devices used very difficult. there are over billion iot devices scattered around the world, and they are too simple run complicated blockchain software. yet they contain much information about people's daily lives. enable and encourage iot device users connect the blockchain network and share their usage data, have invented the micro-mining system. getting existing devices connected people's behavior hard change. get iot device users connect our blockchain, need incentivize them. this done through our micro-mining function. for existing iot devices, will work with different device makers embed our system codes into their next firmware update. when the iot device owners upgrade their firmware, their devices will able connect our blockchain and start micro-mining get blockchain rewards. the way giving out blockchain rewards under the proof assignment consensus protocol has been explained the previous chapter. once they get iot, they will start obtain iotws they continue connect their devices. the users are willing share their usage data, they will obtain extra iotws. partnering with goods and services providers order create value for the iotw tokens, need have goods and services providers willing take iotws payments. expect certain fluctuations the value iotws initially, and goods and services with high margins would able withstand such fluctuations their payments. such are discussing with sellers luxury goods, overstock items, digital contents such music and videos, and online games take iotw their payments. shall make announcements when such discussions are concluded. the long term, more and more devices are iot our chain and more and more households have iotws, the price iotws expected stabilize. then expect more ordinary sellers goods and services willing take iotws payments. collecting and selling usage data for device owners with micro-mining functions and iotw rewards, iot device users are motivated connect their devices online and sell their usage data. device makers, research institutes, government agencies, and other organizations can purchase such data from with iotw tokens. the iotw tokens are limited supply, but usage data are continuously being generated, and organizations will have regular needs such information. therefore, more and more data are being generated, the demand for iotw tokens will become higher and higher, creating strong support for the value iotw tokens. instant transactions made possible have installed our beta software into expressif wireless lan chipsets and run number demonstrations interested audiences malaysia, china, hong kong, and the us. the expressif family chipsets has cumulative sales over million units, and still shipping millions units per month. this clear demonstration our software's lightness very simple chipsets that can widely found many iot devices. increasing target market iot devices order further increase the number iot devices for our blockchain, have invented digital power system chipset ("dps chipset") that low-cost solution replace traditional analog power systems small appliances with digital power systems while giving them connectivity the same time. believe the dps chipset will able see adoption certain number device manufacturers for saving costs while increasing device functionality. have already filed patent for the dps chipset design. plan file few more patents for this new product. scalability sustainability from the adoption point view, blockchain should offer very rapid transaction processing speed such that tens even hundreds transactions per second can entertained. this the well-known scalability problem that every blockchain attempting tackle. sharding one the most often discussed methods improve drastically the capability terms transactions per second. are investigating sharding, well other potential innovative solutions improve the scalability. starting from the formulation the operating model iotw blockchain, recurrent income from transaction fees well service fees for big data are anticipated. since the iotw aims building mass network with millions iot devices worldwide, income generated will become substantial once the blockchain ecosystem becomes well established. the target the iotw blockchain become sustainable ecosystem the long run such that transaction and service fees received can cover reward system well system management, maintenance and upgrade, well further development. decentralized data hosting iotw will develop and expand decentralized data hosting platform for iot device manufacturers. iot device manufacturers currently host data centralized servers while paying high fees that hinders their scalability. device manufacturers can end paying per device year, resulting millions dollars spent data hosting. iotw uses decentralized network devices and efficiently utilizes the existing storage and compute devices host data for such iot device makers. iotw also partners with decentralized data hosting platforms leverage their technology and provide cost effective and efficient data hosting capabilities partner iot manufacturers. result this, are able significantly reduce data hosting costs per device year. this will inevitably allow for reduced prices devices and increased access. iotw ecosystem products exchange data manufacturers end users data buying power companies marketing agents mining research institutes governments services data parts services service providers device users obtain rewards for mining and sales usage data for iotw manufacturers and service providers purchase usage data with iotw goods and services providers sale through our online mall accep:ng iotw payment methods will take percentage processing fee out each iotw transac:on. parts competitive analysis iotw specific hardware/cpu required general purpose iota iotex must run their own cpus/boards mining instant transaction reward system flexibility system construction costs security normal expensive expensive high low high/medium mass deployment partner semiconductor, iot hardware industry application decentralized e-commerce platform, payment system, big data collection, other enterprise usages micro-transaction iot information exchange with privacy token utility payment, micro-transaction, purchase big data micro-transaction unclear patents have both software and hardware patents. our software patent relates our innovative proof assignment method mining. shall provide open license for software and product developers develop and ship proof assignment apps iotw devices. patents filing date input current profile control circuit (for reduction thd and silicon emi filter) february (filed) energy efficient mining algorithm (poa) april (filed) system and method for securing blockchain transactions (for improving blockchain security against attack) june (filed) further software patent for blockchain application october (expected) emi cancellation techniques (for silicon emi filter) october (expected) method enhance light load efficiency december (expected) further hardware patent emi cancellation techniques (for silicon emi filter january (expected) timeline have both software and hardware patents. our software patent relates our innovative proof assignment method mining. shall provide open license for software and product developers develop and ship proof assignment apps iotw devices. ported miro-mining firmware espressif and realtek wifi chipset software release for decentralize shopping and household comfort optimization filed the witnessing protocol patent filed first patent dps announce strategic partnership with consta mobile and california wine accept iotw coins payment filed patent for poa and micro mining target over tps dps chip production dps chip technologies demo opensource market place open source micro-mining code micro-mining iot device shipped ieo hundreds thousands million iot devices with iotw micromining capabilities shipped demostration micro-miners penang. file patent dps release main network production end system shipment should tens hundreds thousands micro-mining iot devices micro-mining app shipped demonstration micro-miners shenzhen announce dps performance consumer products available for retail release ecommerce api and release first ecommerce marketplace big data collector release release iotw code for firmware update millions semiconductor chipsets installed with iotw micro-mining firmware achieve tps micro-mining iot devices shipped fred leung, founder ceo bs, electrical engineering master, computer engineering. founder number semi-conductor design companies hong kong years' experience semiconductor industry with full exposure chip set design, production, sales and marketing co-inventor proof assignment for blockchain application created the world's first amd cpu chipset for notebook working acer labs and pushed acer labs' ipo taiwan. set wireless division chung nam electronics with profitable products accepted dell, lexmark, korean telecom. owns chip design patents. marcin dudar, founder chief blockchain officer years' experience embedded software for security, semiconductor, set-top box and internet industry with chip-full exposure dvbs set-top box firmware, dvbs internet set-top box control and security software, internet digital picture frame software, video server database, etc. blockchain software expert. co-inventor proof assignment for blockchain application first person decrypt nintendo create gaming dvd acer laboratories inc. cto nixplay. built us's number one internet picture frames. built both the hardware and software infrastructure with engineers. peter chan, founder and cto m.sc electrical electronic engineering. founder mosway technologies limited. years' experience semiconductor industry with exposure setting wafer fab, testing laboratories design. set the first wafer fab for elcap electronics ltd, experience design rom, sram, dram and series computer chips, e.g. uart, usart, ppi, etc. set and ran accredited electromagnetic compatibility (emc) testing centre the hong kong productivity council tony chan, founder cfo bachelor business administration, master accounting science. member american institute cpas (aicpa), chartered management accountant (cma), chartered financial analyst (cfa) over years financial markets experience, including front line positions the investment banking divisions major international investment banks including ing barings, credit suisse, standard chartered bank, and rabobank, focusing ipos, cross-border mergers and acquisitions, and fund-raisings dr. patrick hung, founder control system advisor ph.d. electrical engineering from stanford university hong kong university science and technology consultant. stanford university, consulting assistant professor. co-founder ceo, alta sicuro technology cloud and data security. principal, velosti technology fabless design house high- performance, high-security low-power solutions. kartik mehrotra, head business development berkeley graduate economics and technology entrepreneurship early investor ethereum, bitcoin, stellar, neo and zcash. hedge fund advisor capital. previously, consultant deloitte, consulted for icos and blockchain companies. references [bute] vitalik buterin. ethereum: next-generation generalized smart contract and decentralized application platform, [dwor] cynthia dwork and moni naor. pricing via processing combatting junk mail, [jako] markus jakobsson. proofs work and bread pudding protocols, [king] sunny king and scott nidal. ppcoin: peer-to-peer crypto-currency with proof-of-stake, [lomp] leslie lamport, robert shostak and marshall pease. the byzantine generals problem, [naka] satoshi nakamoto. bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system, [wood] gavin wood. ethereum: secure decentralised generalised transaction ledger byzantium version, [zhan] zhang. iot electric business model based the protocol bitcoin, [statista] internet things (iot) connected devices installed base worldwide from (in billions)