information ipc offshore platform project description ipchain block chain product for the application the field intellectual property. launched october, after months market analysis, technical solutions research, and communication with experts the field intellectual property, the technical basis chain was determined the block chain technology based the model utxo, which similar bitcoin network. through adopting consensus mechanism dpoc (one the improved solutions dpos) and with reference the transaction model for the characteristic products the field intellectual property, ipc chain aims providing flexible and rigorous solution intellectual property block chain. traditionally speaking, the biggest problem the definition, use, and protection intellectual property rights the difficulty the proof ownership, resulting the value losses and property consumption original owners intellectual property. the traditional ways protecting rights have been monopolized large organizations and social organizations. hence, needs undergo series complex and lengthy processes obtain the valid certificate intellectual property, which is, however, not the greatest influence. the powerful monopolies and the weak individuals appear imbalanced. through technology block chain preserve the proof intellectual property, authors can protect their privacy effectively with small amount money, ensuring users that they are willing timely input their proof works into the public chain ipc chain. meanwhile, the transaction intellectual property will recorded regular transaction way rights, and authentic certificate can provided the public. ipc chain plans provider infrastructures the field intellectual property, providing foundation the more effective and safer commercial application for the intellectual property. ipcchain cooperating with many ambitious partners the commercial application intellectual property the field cultural transmission, electronic publishing, audio and video products, technological innovation, and substantial knowledge assets. project goal ipchain aims realizing the definition, use, and protection intellectual property rights publicly recognized and authentic technological method. the current available technologies, the application block chain technology has these technological characteristics. the block chain technology inherently has the characteristics safety, fairness (which adopted the decentralized technological means), and traceability distributed logger). with the reference characteristics the current available block chain technologies, ipchain adopts the strict utxo model and user signature verification the public chain, and the same time, restrains the registration, transfer, authorization the transaction checking for the application characteristics intellectual property, conforming the application environment intellectual products. methods contracts with directional functions have the obvious meaning and benefits for public understanding and the preservation proof chains intellectual property using block chain products. practicability and convenience are the prerequisites commercial applications. many commercial applications can realized the simplest way ipchain. meanwhile, creating huge market opportunities and wide commercial applications are the aims ipchain. project schedule october, establishment the team and launch the project november, completion market and industry research december, completion required designs the system january, completion preliminary designs the system from february march, completion detailed design core modules the system (including the consensus mechanism, transaction model, wallet, browser etc.) from april september, system development, coding, checking, joint debug end september, release the testing version end october, release the official chain, the wallet, the block browser end december, release the commercial application from development the virtual machine and release more commercial application project schedule october, establishment the team and launch the project november, completion market and industry research december, completion demanded designs the system january, completion preliminary designs the system from february march, completion detailed design core modules the system (including the consensus mechanism, transaction model, wallet, browser etc.) from april september, system development, coding, checking, joint debug end september, release the testing version end october, release official chain, the wallet, the block browser end december, release the commercial application from development the virtual machine and release more commercial application technical features extended utxo model the transaction data input original block chain network uses utxo model, which realizes the pow proof, non-repudiation, and traceability. all the input and output transactions utxo are based the payment and transfer bitcoin. utxo model intellectual property chain based various services including but not limited to: the payment and transfer intellectual property coins, the confirmation different intellectual rights, the authorization and transfer rights, etc. this model supports mixed transaction various intellectual property rights the input intellectual property rights the same value the output intellectual property rights (and its subassets), shown below: extended digest algorithm supporting multiple signatures the original block chain network, order protect the non-repudiation the data, codes addresses bitcoin, transaction data, and the input and output transaction are under the signature management system public-private key encryption. according the definition nist, the standard algorithm ecdsa signature algorithm and sha digest algorithm, based the standard spcpk special elliptic curve and mathematical constant. the practical commercial application, the basis ensuring safety, the signature algorithm and the digest algorithm must support the transaction data effectively. intellectual property chain supports various signature algorithm including: ecdsa algorithm, national encryption algorithm, significantly shortening the signature time transaction data private keys. digest algorithm includes sha, sm,ripemd,tiger,panama. addition, according setting demands data block buffer cache digest algorithm for different structural characteristics transaction data, the digest algorithm has been improved different platforms. innovative dpoc (delegated proof contribution) consensus mechanism the full name dpocd delegated proof contribution and its chinese name "gong xian shou quan zheng ming zhi dpoc has overcome series defects including the inefficiency the currently used pow, the pos's rights balance failure risks, the inefficient violation cost dpos. dpoc based users' cumulative contribution intellectual property chain. with the access contribution nodes, dpoc takes advantage uniqueness and veracity distributed account the block chain coordinate with system nodes and confirm the broadcast limits, and this system can verified. the access standard dpoc reach the contribution value required the system. system contribution value consists two parts: the cash contribution and the work contribution users' nodes. specific, the cash contribution related the amount and time cash holding, and the work contribution related effective work the participating system. the consensus mechanism dpoc, the system will choose working nodes complete the block generating accounting contribution consensus voting and give incentives, while punishing those working nodes which violate regulations. the following the operation diagram dpoc: complex and flexible transaction models general block chain projects only have simple transaction models such transfer accounts and double signatures. for the transfer, transaction, and consumption characteristics intellectual properties, intellectual property chain creatively inserts multiple transaction models into the system bottom layer and realizes and completes various complex commercial activities, which different from other block chain projects. these models include but not limited to, transaction model accumulative contribution, transaction model video and audio intellectual property, transaction model patent property, model security deposit, auction bidding model intellectual property. another characteristic intellectual property chain simple compression validation which enables light clients verify transactions the certain block with the confidant's signature without downloading all the block data verify all the transactions. this process, the system adopts merkle proof mechanism. the clients will entrust the monitoring tasks the whole block chain credible consensus nodes. extended network protocol nodes the intellectual property chain network use series extended protocol broadcast the whole network including the node message mechanism and the node alive mechanism. these two kinds mechanisms are used for ensuring that nodes the whole network are active. new clients entering ipc network should discover current activating consensus nodes the whole network order use their services. once the new clients enter the network, their nodes will receive the instruction asking for the list consensus nodes. caches are set record the clients' consensus nodes and the current state. therefore, when the clients restart, they only need upload the file and need not ask for the complete list all consensus nodes. consensus nodes will broadcast the results consensus negotiations the whole network upon completion every consensus negotiation. time goes by, the network will remove the disable nodes that these nodes will not used paid clients. nodes can require the access network ceaselessly. however, the port the node does not open, the node will marked disabled and removed from internet services. one hand, network protocol intellectual property chain ensures the safe operation the network, and the other hand, guarantees the equality and rapidity network nodes. consensus nodes can provide any services the network. using the mechanism which call the "proof contribution", the system can demand that all these nodes are the on-line state and response the businesses the network. supporting commercial application flexibly order support various client sides and enable developers different platform achieve commercial application, intellectual property chain has customized commonly used developing core model bottom layer that different developers can use the consistent drives the bottom layer develop applications. this core model provides drive and structure the bottom layer and greatest flexibility the developers. meanwhile, order lower the users' access limits, the model also provides mature model transaction application. for clients with weaker technological strength, users with commonly used mature business models can directly adopt mature transaction models rapidly construct their own commercial applications. this core model bottom layer development has been established the client sides intellectual property chain and open all third-party developers the method prc. commercial application platform intellectual property the network intellectual property chain, the system can provide full support developing demands property right transaction industry through the introduction different consensus mechanism and requirements monitoring. through the network intellectual property chain, decentralized intellectual property protection platform has been established. anyone can build its own content inventory intellectual property and define its own content intellectual property with the decentralized platform. after the confirmation the right, the selling, consumption, renting through the platform other ways authorize transfer the intellectual property not need the approval centralized nodes. another characteristic the platform strictly monitor coins intellectual property through intelligent contracts, eliminating fraud and dishonesty. for various characteristics intellectual property transaction, the system intellectual property chain provides the consensus mechanism based the combination delegated proof contribution protocol and raft protocol, and satisfies the requirements speed and capacity the block chain the security network. through the introduction the technology multiple signature contracts based the technology block chain, complex commercial logics property right can realized the platform. decentralized application the system intellectual property chain endeavors provide all-round technological support decentralized applications, especially through the use mobile terminal strategies, the system has produced different dapp routes and enabled general internet users truly understand the values brought block chain technology. towards different industries, dapp applications different routes can bring the block chain technology more clients. for examples, for decentralized social activities intellectual property, decentralized storage intellectual property, and the decentralized transactions property right, dapp will take advantage the idea sharing economy and change the current business modes the app market through introducing the incentive mechanism. block chain technology provides the fundamental structures decentralization. through the improved api designs intellectual property chain and the application docker technology, the intellectual property chain simplifies the preliminary work developers that they can start their designs rapidly. mobile client service formulating the strategy for the mobile clients key step improve the realization block chain technology. the eco-network intellectual property chain, will not only support and facilitate the developing and popularizing strategies mobile app, but also cooperate with the third-party developers provide services for mobile clients, including but not limited to, dapp application for mobile clients, wallet for mobile clients, and contracted application for mobile clients, etc. meanwhile, will encourage more third-party developers join that can improve the use intellectual property block chain actual business environment and develop more popularized block chain mobile services for mobile clients. issuance, distribution, and monitor tokens issuance tokens total issue volume intellectual property coins: million. the issuance the coins will increased every year. the additional issuance used for the award accounting nodes. the coins will produced the official issuance intellectual property chain and managed asset management committee intellectual property coins. the rest will used incentives generated the systems users when they submit intellectual property product. distribution tokens public offering (%) order ensure the adequate mobility earlier launch the application and the equality and credibility participants, total asset ipc will put into market through crowd funding. founding team, development team, private investors, market promotion (%) market promotion and private investors account for the founding team and the development team account for and the other will used the development fund for subsequent technical progress. business community cooperation (%) order encourage the landing the intellectual property chain, mainly used for the cooperation between the intellectual property chain and the commercial organizations and the community. will reserved for incentives. intellectual property award (%): encourage users input intellectual property into the chain, will reserved for the intellectual property incentives. ipc destribution plan ico private investment marketing technical team business community promotion intellectual property incentives monitoring tokens adopting the "transparent sandbox" supervision mode: according the popular international "regulatory sandbox" mode that supports the innovation finance, the underlying logic "regulatory sandbox" support the actual financial innovation for the benefits the customers. establishing new regulatory tool and regulatory system: allowing existing regulatory system more flexible, testing innovation situations where risk manageable. the sandbox provides real virtual test environment, and consumers will not lose different kinds protected rights due the sandbox testing. this end, created our own "transparent regulatory sandbox". establishing "asset management committee intellectual property chain": established jointly private investors, private board crowd funding, project executive committee, lawyers and financers, the committee coordinates the management crowd funded assets and token assets. through the multiple key signatures the block chain, the committee mutually uses this asset transparently, regularly declares the relevant regulatory agencies and discloses the public. before the landing the project, the virtual test and local small-scale test will conducted. after finishing the tests, the real project will launched. tokens will locked certain percentage and launched into the community and the market.