whitepaper iqeon platform decentralized gaming pvp platform, allowing players monetize their in-game achievements. version contents introduction growth the game industry mobile games and applications global market features mobile intelligent games market the problems mobile games market solutions, with the help which you can get real money while playing games are not widely used the market the market practically does not have any solutions that allow organizing pvp competitions with fixing conditions and automatic payment gain the winner the authors content for games not have the ability monetize their groundworks without serious investments the development technology solutions, for example, mobile applications receiving payments mobile games and applications through the app store and google play associated with large commissions (%) the developers receive one-time earning for in-game purchases bonuses and game points received one game cannot used other games advantages iqeon platform purposes the platform technical advantages advantages the platform for developers games/content advantages the platform for players advantages the platform for token buyers platform description scenario for motivation and self-development scenario for pvp disputes scenario for educational applications scenario for quest game with advanced scenarios www.iqeon.io clash api demo scenario for puzzles using game rooms ... public rooms ... private rooms ... gameplay ... iqeon obtaining tournaments based iqeon platform matching services and games application smart contracts procedure for the tournament conduction the order formation and distribution the stakes pool platform architecture legal aspects project team project advisors road map iqn token iqn erc standard token information iqn token release functions iqn tokens legal status iqn tokens pre-sale (preico) crowdsale (ico) offering terms distribution attracted funds references www.iqeon.io introduction iqeon decentralized gaming pvp platform, which allows players earn real money their achievements. the definition "real money" and "money" this document should understood any digital assets and means payment available result the exchange earned iqn tokens via available exchange services. iqeon represents infrastructure that will allow the integration games, applications and services based intelligent and other types competitions between users, well applications and services for motivation. the name "iqeon" not chosen chance and combination two concepts. part the name "iq" implies common abbreviation the term "intelligence quotient". part the name "eon" concept from ancient greek philosophy, meaning epoch, eternity, generation. these two concepts reflect the worldview the project, which, the modern era innovation, actually has human intelligence driver that guides the progress humankind. iqeon the platform where players can earn money thanks their intelligence and achievements. this will realized using the internal currency the iqeon ecosystem, which any time can converted iqn tokens issued based ethereum blockchain. iqn tokens will available for exchange exchange services. purposes the project: further development iqeon platform; creation iqeon ecosystem; formation the audience engaged platform applications and games users; formation partnerships with game developers and game content creators for the platform; development line clash owned games based the platform. www.iqeon.io growth the game industry mobile games and applications global market rapid growth the number mobile devices inevitably leads increase the number mobile applications and games users. according the newzoo global mobile market report, the beginning the number smartphone users exceeds billion, the worlds total population. this figure will reach billion. global smartphone users per region eastern europe middle east africa latin america north america india china asia-pacific western europe (excludes india china) www.iqeon.io mobile games market the largest segment the global gaming market and the beginning amounted billion) and the share mobile applications and games will grow and monetary terms will amount billion. segment breakdown global games revenues toward console tablet smartphone games browser games features mobile intelligent games market according gameanalytics study the field mobile games and applications classic games, card games, social casinos, puzzles and word games show the highest retention. while quizzes show the highest day retention, leaders the day retention are board games, card games, social casinos, puzzles and word games. leaders the engagement board games, card games, social casinos, puzzles and word games. the concept the platform`s games also correspond such genres "casual", "sports", "arcade", "educational" and "multiplayer". the number downloads not determining indicator when monetizing applications. the number active users much more important (we will consider the user retention parameters for day, days, days, session duration and user engagement). www.iqeon.io day retention this metric reflects the percentage users who entered the game the day after the first session. breakdown genre for day retention action adventure arcade board card casino casual education multiplayer music puzzle racing role playing simulation sports strategy trivia word underperforming games top performing games day retention above average, but still promising the day retention rate considered excellent more. the median day retention about within each genre, the day retention range varies greatly. the best median retention the day the market shown word games, almost reaching however, top retention rates for day are held quizzes (trivia). for the best games this genre, day retention can reach www.iqeon.io day retention this metric reflects the percentage users who returned the game week after the first game session. according gameanalytics statistics, considered good indicator day retention. the median retention value day projects few genres fall into the retention range the day. they are: board titles (board), cards (card), social casinos (casino), puzzles (puzzle), strategies (strategy), quizzes and word games. retention the day not achieved even top games the genre racing (racing) and music (music). breakdown genre for day retention action adventure arcade board card casino casual education multiplayer music puzzle racing role playing simulation sports strategy trivia word underperforming games top performing games games with day retention between are performing particulary well www.iqeon.io day retention this metric reflects the percentage users who returned the game month after the first game session. only games, this figure reaches -%. the same time, the fall observed analysts attribute this the fact that players began leave games earlier. the median value retention the day between -.%. games most genres cannot overcome the bar however, top games such categories board, card games, casino, puzzle and word projects are capable doing this. the same time, game analytics notes that for games with more retention the day, usually business going good. breakdown genre for day retention action adventure arcade board card casino casual education multiplayer music puzzle racing role playing simulation sports strategy trivia word underperforming games top performing games games with more than day retention are performing particulary well www.iqeon.io average session length analysts understand this metric the time from the launch the application the moment when sent the background. important: short game session not necessarily bad, and large one, the contrary, not necessarily good. but under the same conditions (genre, visual style, mechanics used), the high duration the game session indicates the fascination the game. only projects the market have average session minutes. and falling from month month. back june this parameter was about minutes. the median value the average game session minutes. and also falling. among all genres, only two differ session duration card games and casinos. the top games these genres, users spend average minutes. multiplayer games also show good performance. general, they have the highest median among all genres minutes, and for top games, the average session duration reaches minutes. breakdown genre for average session length action adventure arcade board card casino casual education multiplayer music puzzle racing role playing simulation sports strategy trivia word underperforming games top performing games although average session length has slightly decresed for these two genres the past year, players still spend considerably more time card and casino games www.iqeon.io engagement (stickiness) the metric reflects the number users who play each day during the month. calculated dividing dau mau and multiplying the engagement the top games the market about gameanalytics notes that the game has stickiness this very good. the median stickiness value the market about the best involvement the market shown casino games. the median average engagement rate this genre above the top games this segment can reach almost engagement. card games also show very good stickiness, ranges from breakdown genre for stickiness action adventure arcade board card casino casual education multiplayer music puzzle racing role playing simulation sports strategy trivia word underperforming games top performing games for most genres, having more than stickiness really good www.iqeon.io arppu arppu the average revenue from paying user. this study, gameanalytics only accounted for direct payments games. advertising revenue was not taken into account. the top games has arppu around however, this metric varies greatly among the leading projects depending the season. falls christmas season and then rebounds till the third quarter inclusively. this easily explained: during holidays, the paying audience increases. new users can, average, pay much less than the main paying audience the game. the biggest arppu action games, strategies and role-playing games (rpg). they have $-. while the best median value for multiplayer games around breakdown genre for arppu action adventure arcade board card casino casual education multiplayer puzzle racing role playing simulation sports strategy trivia word underperforming games top performing games action, role playing and strategy take the lead, with arppu over www.iqeon.io the problems mobile games market solutions, with the help which you can get real money while playing games are not widely used the market. according data for december gamers not have the ability monetize their achievements the gameplay. the remaining attempt monetization the following ways: specialized services and auctions (%); thematic forums (%); direct agreements between players (%); illegal exchanges (%); the remaining attempts monetize cannot succeed because account being blocked developers because fraud, which leads the loss all virtual achievements. only users are deprived opportunities translate your game achievements fiat money players have learned monetize your game achievements special services and auctions the forums "gray" exchanges straight lines arrangements between the players players result fraud, their accounts are blocked developers, which leads the loss virtual achievements www.iqeon.io iqeon solves this problem using its own internal currency. when transferred the personal account the platform user, the earned currency exchanged for iqn tokens, which can then freely exchanged for available digital assets and means payment exchange services. the market practically does not have any solutions that allow organizing pvp competitions with fixing conditions and automatic payment gain the winner. game scenarios iqeon platform applications allow players enter into dispute staking the internal currency certain achievement event. the system will automatically pay the reward the winner. the authors content for games not have the ability monetize their groundworks without serious investments the development technology solutions, for example, mobile applications. application constructor based the iqeon platform sdk will implemented. with its help, game content developers will able create new applications based existing scenarios and game mechanics with minimal effort. receiving payments mobile games and applications through the app store and google play associated with large commissions (%). the total commission for exchanging iqn tokens for other available digital assets and means payment will not exceed www.iqeon.io the developers receive one-time earning for in-game purchases. iqeon platform allows the developer get income from each stake. the platform uses the following system charges and rewards: players who want make stake "fight" one the games, place equal stakes (for example, iqn). the overall amount stakes makes iqn, which comprises the stakes pool, that the winner will receive, and iqn) the platform's fee. the platform's fee iqn) paid the developer reward. winner player iqn player iqn iqn (%) iqn (%) iqn (%) iqn (%) iqn iqn inner game currency bonuses and game points received one game cannot used other games. iqeon platform solves this problem the possibility exchanging the local currency for iqn tokens. the platform's user account can support the functions synchronization and conversion the internal currency the balance any game application the platform into iqn tokens. www.iqeon.io advantages purposes the platform iqeon team develops flexible and scalable platform for the rapid launch new products that allow players compete variety intelligent, logical and other tasks, receiving internal currency, which under certain conditions can exchanged for iqn tokens, for the best result. another direction for the development iqeon platform are motivational applications. this direction especially important the field education, sports, and the observance healthy lifestyle. often people not have enough inner motivation study certain material, force themselves run the morning, lose several kilograms. technical advantages the blockchain technology will guarantee reliability and anonymity all payment transactions iqeon system, and the iqn token corresponds the erc standard, which makes compatible with existing wallets and crypto-exchanges, and allows its easy integration into variety products and solutions. fully supported ethereum blockchain, mechanism smart contracts, the basis which iqn token issued, will provide permanence and reliability the conditions each competition, well guarantee winning. advantages the platform for developers games/content ready developed infrastructure for the introduction payments based the iqn token into their own products; the use iqn tokens can implemented applications published the app store and google play; reduction charges for developer fees withdrawal (from google play and apple store near iqeon platform); additional game audience for your own products; api that allows quick integration your products into existing ecosystem; sdk for rapid deployment new applications based iqeon platform. www.iqeon.io advantages the platform for players genericity. the internal currency iqeon, earned one game, can used another one. liquidity. using platform wallet will possible exchange iqn tokens for available digital assets and means payment. convertibility. using multiple third-party services and platforms, iqn tokens will availiable for exchange any cryptocurrency (btc, ltc, eth, etc.). reliability. thanks the blockchain technology, all transactions iqn tokens the ecosystem are return; they are repeatedly recorded the decentralized transaction register, and thus are protected from forgery and any types fraud. the use smart contracts will ensure that the terms and conditions each dispute are recorded and invariable and guarantee payment the winnings. anonymity. iqeon platform allows players remain anonymous. advantages the platform for token buyers games and applications for self-development field shows rapid growth, and iqeon platform the first solution this area that allows players receive income the form liquid digital asset. developed partnership system, involvement third party developers iqeon ecosystem and expansion its own product line will lead growth the audience users and increase demand for iqn token. iqn tokens could only purchased the minimal price during the crowdsale period. the issue iqn tokens limited. after the completion crowdsale, the purchase iqn tokens possible the price the open markets. www.iqeon.io platform description iqeon platform mainly focuses the range applications for self- development, logical games and pvp disputes. below are the developed scenarios for applications that will implemented the platform. this list will constantly supplemented the process platform development: scenario for motivation and self-development this scenario assumes that two players place stakes the fact that one them (player will perform certain action (lose weight kilogram, college, hit basketball the basket -repeats, etc.). each them contributes the same amount, which will paid, after deducting the platform fee and developer's reward (total %), player performs the action, player player would not perform the described action. all transaction terms pass through iqeon api the blockchain and cannot changed. after completing not what described the conditions the action, both players must confirm the corresponding result the application. payment rewards accomplished through the mechanism smart contracts. for cases, the players not agree the result the dispute, the mechanism remote conflict resolvers implemented the application. players can choose arbitration option for their dispute, and remote conflict resolver will make sound decision about the results the dispute according the materials provided (picture, video). additional charge for invocation conflict resolver will deducted from the prize fund. both friends and unfamiliar with each other players can participate the scenario. the second option will implemented through the listings achievements. the first listing will contain requests from players "i'm ready bet iqn that will ...", and each player can respond such request. the second listing will contain the queries bet iqn that one can ...", and again each player respond this challenge. www.iqeon.io scenario for pvp disputes this scenario similar the previous one, however such scenario the dispute can concluded for any event (the result sports match, election results, the winner eurovision song contest, whether will rain tomorrow, whether the morning train will arrive time, etc.) and between group players. addition, this scenario, there may differences the mechanism for determining the results. for many events, the result can automatically loaded from the trusted resource api and entered into the system smart contract. this case, confirmation the outcome the dispute required all players. the result cannot automated, the approach described the first scenario applied. arbitration involved disputable cases. the mechanism for fixing terms the dispute and paying out winnings also similar the first scenario. scenario for educational applications this scenario applied already existing and new services and applications aimed education (training courses, learning foreign languages, etc.). such applications, online training paid. the course usually consists theoretical information, audio recordings, video clips, and interactive assignments, tests for intermediate and final control. for additional motivation trainees, the following mechanism applied: the user pays the cost the course iqn tokens and starts training. for high results tests, well for certain activities, the trainee receives reward iqeon internal currency, thereby returning part the paid course cost. the application developer the author the course determines what part the cost (maximum) the learner can return the form rewards determined. scenario for quest game with the given scenario involves player's passing sequence levels for time. each level represents intellectual puzzle for determining the location (park, public building, courtyard, bridge), after arriving which the player looks for code placed with the help hint that will help the player give answer the current level. after entering the answer the application, the player moves the next level, gets the next puzzle, etc. the quest announced advance and starts for all participants the appointed time. the participant who has passed all levels minimum time wins. the stakes pool divided among the players who have taken the first places, commensurate with the occupied position and the erence the time passing. www.iqeon.io advanced scenarios the iqeon team plans expand the list game scenarios using modern technologies, such (artificial intelligence) and vr/ar (virtual augmented reality) after the launch the platform. based neural networks will use constantly improving self-learning algorithm for creation and generation logical tasks. vr/ar will add the games with contests implemented virtual reality the iqeon platform. www.iqeon.io clash api demo another scenario the scenario game rooms has already been developed iqeon team and implemented iqclash api, and the first application "iq clash: intelligent battles" ready published app store and google play: scenario using game rooms this scenario based the implementation the game rooms the application. the game room sequence logical tasks performed the players during certain time the room period. participate the competition, the player makes contribution (stake). the sum contributions, minus the platform charge and the developer's reward, forms stakes pool, which then distributed among the players who took the first places (who showed the best result when passing the tasks). ... public rooms public rooms are available all users and are displayed list the application main screen. two more public rooms with similar set parameters (the number participants and the stakes) cannot available the same time. www.iqeon.io public rooms can two types: automatically created are rooms created the system are permanently public access (for and persons). the rooms are created automatically instead filled expired. published private rooms are private rooms, creation which the user indicated that should become public under certain conditions (time frame content). these rooms also obey one-time public access rule only one room with certain set parameters. other rooms with the same parameters are queued the time compliance with the publication conditions and are published when there public room with the same parameters and there room with the same parameters created earlier front it. such rooms will also for and participants, but stakes will different. ... private rooms private rooms are created user and are accessible only direct link. the user can share the link any convenient way (posting social networks, sending direct message, etc.). when creating private room, the user selects room capacity from the offered and stake (it cannot more than the creators account balance). when creating private room, the user can specify publication setting. the room can only private, can become published under certain conditions specified the user when creating it: time frame. the room remains private for fixed period time, after which queued for publication. completeness. the room remains private until certain number participants join it. ... gameplay the gameplay begins when user joins the game. consists sequence logical tasks from different categories, formed using ai). mechanics each category are chosen randomly. complete all tasks, user has minutes, after which the game forcibly completed and the user given the result n/a, which deprives him the right participate general drawing. this case, does not receive the stake back. user leaves the game process without completing all the tasks, given the result n/a, which deprives him the right participate general drawing. this case, does not receive the stake back. www.iqeon.io ... obtaining iqeon platform internal currency iqeon platform internal currency can earned application the following ways: win the game game room for iqeon; receive for task completion. use iqeon internal currency the application, necessary bind the wallet with iqeon this application user account. user can get the opportunity win iqeon internal currency, without need for payment the application. this opportunity gives ticket the game the day, which user can receive iqn for the following activities the application: enter the app during consecutive days. www.iqeon.io tournaments based the iqeon platform the iqeon platform provides functional and convenient mechanism for hosting e-sports tournaments. classic tournament e-sports major event, the organization which requires considerable resources. iqeon makes organization online tournament available for any user the platform. matching services and games not only the games integrated into the iqeon platform, but also any games competitive nature may become the games for the tournament. the main condition the possibility track the results matches through one the supported apis (steam, origin, uplay, battle.net, etc.). smart contract application smart contracts the important criteria and participation fees, iqn when conducting online tournaments are transparency players the top places award, iqn guarantee iqeon api iqeon web portal attendance request players compliance with all conditions the tournament. ensure these criteria, smart contracts and independent results tracking resolvers matches resolvers will involved the iqeon platform. steem, uplay, origin www.iqeon.io games procedure for the tournament conduction player who wants create new tournament can through the iqeon web portal. when creating tournament, the name, the game, the dates, the amount the participation fee, the requirements for the participants, the game mode, the format the tournament, the number participants and the way the stakes pool distributed are indicated. information about the tournament published special section the web portal, and all interested players register participate the tournament. when registering, each participant specifies his for tracking match results (for example, steam id), well the address the cryptocurrency wallet. after registration the required number participants, iqeon api forms smart contract with the necessary conditions for the tournament and publishes ethereum network. the address the smart contract for transferring contributions iqn for participation the tournament becomes available the personal accounts the participants. the collected amount iqn forms stakes pool, constitutes the commission the platform from which payments for the transactions ethereum network and remuneration the resolvers are paid, and the rest the reward the platform. after all the conditions necessary for starting the tournament are fulfilled, the stage matches begins; the results each match are tracked through the platform api, which the tournament game connected. after each match, the participants confirm their results their personal account. resolver involved case controversial situations (for example, the use cheat codes) case technical problems, (the match not completed due the network disconnection). the resolver may decide make second match disqualify one the players for violating the rules the tournament. after confirmation the results the players the decision the resolver, the match results are recorded the tournament's smart contract through iqeon api. www.iqeon.io the order formation and distribution the stakes pool iqn iqn iqn iqn iqn iqn iqn iqn iqn iqn iqn iqn iqn iqn iqn the winner receives the prize fund iqn) semi-finalists receive the prize fund iqn) quarterfinalists receive the prize fund iqn) fee: iqn levy: iqn prize fund: iqn platform commission: final winnings: iqn iqn iqn winner: iqn iqn after receiving the results all scheduled matches, the smart contract distributes iqn accordance with the scheme the stakes pool distribution chosen the stage the tournament creation. the scheme above shows example the distribution winnings. when creating tournament, you can select several brackets and several winnings distribution schemes. not only the platform user, but also the sponsoring company may create the tournament. this case, the tournament participants not pay the fees, and the organizing company sponsors the prize fund. www.iqeon.io platform architecture iqeon blockchain control system iqeon api clash api clash games iqeon sdk exiting games services iqeon web application ethereum wallet digital asset exchanges bank-partner iqeon wallet debit cards new games gaming community game development existing ethereum blockchain development prospective iqeon api. provides set methods and interfaces for the interaction all platform elements. iqeon blockchain control subsystem. implements services interaction with ethereum blockchain. records transactions with the use iqn blockchain, deployment and interaction with smart contracts. iqeon web application. platform portal. contains information part (platform description, blog, documentation) and user and developer personal accounts. users can link applications their account, make purchases, transfers, exchange iqn for available digital assets and means payment through their personal account. developers can get api keys for their applications, register new application the platform, see statistics for accrual remuneration, and exchange iqn for available digital assets and means payment through their personal account. addition, the personal account service replicates iqeon wallet application web services. www.iqeon.io iqeon wallet. the application (ios, android), which allows the user issue debit card after verification and exchange iqn for avaliable currency (and vice versa). iqeon sdk. creation tool set for rapid expanding new games and applications based existing scenarios and game mechanics. clash api. set methods and interfaces for agile development and integration games and applications based the scenario game rooms into the platform. existing games services. existing games and applications thanks api can integrated into iqeon platform. this will allow existing games take full advantage the platform and use iqn token the gameplay. ethereum wallet digital currency exchangers. iqn token complies with erc standard. this means that initially compatible with ethereum wallets and can freely transferred from one address another. addition, this standard provides token's genericity and technical compatibility for further listing crypto-exchanges and digital assets exchange services. www.iqeon.io legal aspects nowadays the legislation most countries the world various extents toughen the requirements for online services that allow earning money online. the team iqeon project, together with legal advisors, studied the legislation the top countries for the project. experienced legal advisors helped iqeon project create its own concept mobile games, applications and services, which should demand among expanding audience cryptocurrency users. clash software products and platform partner products that support transactions using the iqn token must comply with legal requirements, and iqeon platform users' expectations regarding the benefits using our products and the ability receive money should justified. iqeon platform focuses the range applications for self-development, logical games, games various genres and pvp disputes. the use digital assets the internal transactions such software products does not encounter opposition from the official authorities the transactions comply with the requirements applicable law. this possible due the fact that fiat money will not stored the balance users iqeon games and applications. www.iqeon.io project team vadim dovguchits ceo (chief executive officer) mba, startup, blockchain, expert sopyright, business analyst. years the gaming industry. has experience creation it-projects monetization strategies, development and sales mobile apps and games. speaks the major industry events. www.iqeon.io igor podlesny cso (chief strategy officer) years it&t, financial services, launch and promotion new products and services experience. master's degree 'computer science', bachelor 'computing systems and networks'. founder and owner companies different spheres such as: hosting and virtual servers (latvia); fixed-line telecom carrier (latvia); provision worldwide roaming mobile services (estonia); financial services consulting (latvia). vitali bibik alexander samoilo cfo (chief financial officer) financial consultant experienced financial business manager. over years financial advisor, subject swedish kingdom, with the senior positions. specializes in: right counsel the management banks and other strategic planning the company's financial policy; financial and economic analysis the company's transactions; financial institutions. financial director the institutional investment company 'aba marketing'. since forex expert. author the book 'complexity simple words. real advice how effective management resources and economic achieve financial independence'. security. denys havrylenko alexander paramonov ciso (chief information security officer) clo (chief legal officer) more than years experience development and over years experience law and more than years management legal support companies, start-ups and cross-field specialists teams. blockchain expert and research analyst. specializes in: blockchain projects different jurisdictions. development information security procedures and has experience legal accompaniment start-ups policies; launching, legal adjustments their common business auditing and analyzing the information systems; threats and flaws prevention strategies; processes and global scaling business. has proven experience supporting cryptocurrency business and cryptocurrencies transactions. leading the awareness trainings. www.iqeon.io hanna lemiasheuskaya yuriy navadvorskiy professional web analyst, experienced promotion large e-commerce projects. over years experience successful team management. specializes in: bsuir bachelor's degree computer science. cmo (chief marketing officer) consumer market analysis; development marketing plans and promotion strategies; management and assessment marketing campaigns effectiveness; leading products the new markets. chief technology officer years the development and management various projects using wide range technologies for the fields insurance, consulting, blockchain, e-commerce. the key technologies experience: python, java, php, (react node.js), golang, shell script, solidity, vagrant, docker, docker swarm, kubernetes, mysql, postgresql, mongodb, dynamodb, redis, rabbitmq, nsq kafka, (tensorflow). tatsiana shalypina vadim khadyka over years experience project management sphere. more than completed projects. expert establishment commodity exchanges and marketplaces for the largest retailers, microlending and credits. graduated from the institute information technologies the belarusian state university informatics and radioelectronics information systems and technologies. project manager has proven experience establishment blockchain projects and trading platforms, entertainment interactive portals and gaming products. www.iqeon.io senior mobile developer years development swift, main technologies: xamarin, wpf, .net. design architectures: mvvm, mvc, mvp. siarhei dzenisenka yury lipinski siarhei has more than years experience working designer. creates design mobile apps interfaces, sites, landing pages and also responsive design for all the types devices. more than years experience working full-stack developer using the following stack technologies: php yii, mysql, mongodb, node.js, javascript, angularjs, reactjs, composer, webpack, git, svn. ux/ui designer web developer makes web banners and motion presentations. handles image processing and retouching. diana filimonova advertising communication specialist more than years experience journalism. has great experience product companies gamedev sphere. specializes in: creating corporative and promotional articles; content marketing; smm and community management; supporting iqeon community. www.iqeon.io project advisors genadijs dola richard dilendorf financial consultant business consultant, mining expert the founder the institutional financial company aba marketing group inc. leader bitclub network mining-group. has mba and over years experience financial consulting. one the first directors the swiss company save-invest ltd. (investment life insurance programs) oris vishnevsky founder the mining pool with the capacity ph/s. founder, manager, fintech advisor number companies from the usa, japan and the eu. vyacheslav fedorov mba, villanova boston universities adviser expert technology and business model transformation with deep understanding emerging and maturing technologies, focus large scale systems and over years executive managerial and technology innovation experience ibm and fortune companies. expert the field the payment systems organization (infrastructure, business processes, protection against fraud, etc.), marketing and online projects promotion (web and mobile). speaker, mentor and expert e-commerce conferences, startup schools and business incubators. road map the origin iqeon platform idea. development the concept and business plan. elaboration iqeon platform legal model various jurisdictions. attraction initial investments. clash company registration. team building. attraction advisors. development iqeon platform mvp. development partnership model iqeon ecosystem. search for partners. development clash api. start the platform development. start ecosystem formation. preparation for ico. development smart contract for the issuance iqn token. conducting preico. continuing development the platform. continuing the formation the ecosystem and attracting new partners. ico conducting. iqeon api development. iqeon web application development. iqeon api and clash api link testing. new clash applications development. iqn token listing cryptocurrency exchanges. start the marketing campaign attract end-users. development iqeon blockchain control subsystem. integration iqeon api with partner applications. release platform's beta version. start iqeon wallet and tournament functionality development. platform and iqeon wallet release. gaming services api integration and tournaments release. continuation active marketing campaign attract end-users. further development the ecosystem partners, clash applications, million active users). development iqeon sdk. iqeon sdk release. additional game mechanics development. involvement partners develop new applications based sdk. general platform updates the open beta version: new gameplay mechanics and games. iqeon developers sdk updates and planning future public sdk release. integration iqn with new applications, wallets and start integration with exchange services (top- coinmarketcap). planning iqeon client soft launch and further release stages. whitepaper and roadmap update. conducting negotiations with potential partners for future addition fiat gateway iqeon platform. aml/kyc modules integration. preparation for the final launch iqeon platform with release new cross-device games various genres. implementation iqn motivational system for gamers, maintenance and updates all new games. www.iqeon.io closed testing iqeon desktop client followed soft launch. start mobile client development with further release planning. expansion into new markets and localization games both web and client versions iqeon platform. iqeon vip user system implementation. negotiations new partnerships. planning further releases including: new games and additional game mechanics (ar/vr), more game genres (mmo/moba). legal documents, white paper and roadmap revision and update. iqeon mobile client soft launch. announcement new partnerships. release previously planned games mechanics and addition new games. testing iqeon sdk public version. iqeon expansion into new markets. iqeon mobile client final launch. new games localizations. integration digital assets exchange system within the platform. launch iqeon sdk public version. implementation and machine learning technologies iqeon api and platform subsystems. www.iqeon.io iqn token iqn erc standard token iqeon not just platform, but also whole ecosystem, which will include application and content developers, platform partners and millions users. the internal economics the ecosystem cannot exist without its own currency, the role which will performed iqn token. iqn token was released the basis ethereum platform and fully complies with erc standard. support this standard guarantees the compatibility the token with third-party services (wallets, exchanges, listings, etc.), and provides easy integration with these services. ethereum platform fully supports dapps concept thanks the integrated solidity language for writing smart contracts that will used implement number functions iqeon platform (payment transactions, fixing disputes terms, paying out winnings and rewards). the release our own tokens driven the need raise funds for further platform development, well the need for internal economy the ecosystem that, thanks the advantages blockchain technology, will based transparent and trusted relations between all participants, thereby enabling more efficient business model for using the platform. information iqn token release type: name: symbol: total supply: tokens pre-sale (st round) erc iqeon token iqn the total emission tokens will distributed follows: tokens pre-sale (-st round); tokens pre-sale(-nd round); crowd sale; project team; bonus fund; partners and advisors; bounties. www.iqeon.io tokens pre-sale (nd round) bonus fund core phase tokens sale bounties project team partners and advisors tokens reserved for the project team were blocked the system for months. the end that period, the tokens were uniformly distributed during months. tokens belonging partners and advisors were blocked the system for months. tokens that make the bonus fund were uniformly spent during months. functions iqn tokens purchasing iqn tokens, you receive asset the use cases, value and liquidity which can increase with the platform development, expansion user audience and implementation planned functionality. however, the main idea tokens use them directly iqeon platform for the following purposes: two-way exchange for internal currency iqeon, which stakes are made, remunerations game rooms, disputes, motivation applications, remuneration for certain activity are paid (player the day, player the month, etc.); payment game developers remuneration; payment remuneration digital content copyright owners; payment remuneration for partner programs; forming the stakes pool tournaments based iqeon platform. herewith, the use iqn token not limited only the platform ecosystem. after the final launch the platform, iqn token will available for exchange the cryptocurrency exchanges and digital asset exchange services. the value iqn token will provided limited emissions, constant need for the game process, well the ability convert other avaliable digital assets and means payment. the disbalance tokens will eliminated thanks the well-considered iqeon ecosystem economy, which provides token circulation. legal status iqn tokens iqn tokens are designed for applicative use iqeon ecosystem and, according the generally accepted classification tokens, correspond the characteristics utility tokens. iqn tokens cannot returned after purchase preico and ico stages. tokens can used inside iqeon ecosystem including exchange for other digital assets and means payment. the purchase iqn tokens the period preico and ico not investment agreement and cannot treated making investments. iqn tokens are not securities. possession iqeon tokens not treated ownership shares, and owners iqn tokens not have ownership, management, any other rights with respect iqeon ecosystem. iqn tokens are purchased digital asset, like downloadable software, digital music, etc. www.iqeon.io pre-sale (preico) pre-sale (preico), round start: exchange rate: december eth iqn end: acceptable currencies: december eth, btc number tokens: min max transaction: iqn eth not limited pre-sale (preico), round start: exchange rate: january eth iqn end: acceptable currencies: january eth, btc number tokens: min max transaction: iqn eth not limited www.iqeon.io crowdsale (ico) offering terms start: acceptable currencies: january eth, btc, ltc end: min max transaction: march limits number tokens: soft cap: iqn eth exchange rate: hard cap: eth iqn eth day week week bonus scheme: www.iqeon.io week week week distribution attracted funds platform development other expenses attracted funds will distributed follows: platform development; marketing and advertising; operating expenses; legal expenses; other expenses. legal expenses marketing and advertising operating expenses www.iqeon.io ssylki newzoo global mobile market report url: https://newzoo.com/insights/trend-reports/global-mobile-market-report-light-/ mobile gaming industry analysis for url: https://gameanalytics.com/resources/item/mobile-gaming-industry-analysis-h- erc token standard url: https://github.com/ethereum/eips/blob/master/eips/eip-.md iqeon open beta url: https://iqeon.com www.iqeon.io