iungo.network whitepaper table contents executive summary market opportunity regionally based providers small and medium-sized business needs network expansion and capacity business model marketing and strategy competition fon network boingo hotspot system airfy socify technical description overview wi-fi deployment sites iungo mobile wallet iungo cloud wallet payments services infrastructure entities notice and disclaimer references executive summary iungo believe that affordable internet access basic human right! the emergence plethora powerful personal and business internet applications has transformed how businesses and consumers operate. explosive growth internet consumption being propelled rapid advances internet-related infrastructure and services. despite the explosive growth, major problems still persist for users get onto this information superhighway. one the problems with local providers and local connectivity that limits the usage. mobile data plans implement usage restrictions and relatively high fees. wifi connection problems range from annoying nuances such localized captive portals and injected advertisement dangerous issues such malicious hotspots and open access points where more less everyone can eavesdrop your unencrypted traffic. industry bodies and local providers fail address the issues seamless connectivity and roaming. why can't wifi just work reliably and securely? iungo globally distributed wireless internet service provider built with the help worldwide community. are bootstrapping community where everyone can assume responsibilities and benefit from the associated rewards for running parts the service delivery infrastructure. members can contribute installing public wi-fi access points their premises and/or running parts the service infrastructure. our network will rely the existing physical internet infrastructure carry end-user traffic and will form overlay network with unified end-user identification, authentication and billing systems. will use the ethereum network build trusted, transparent accounting and payment infrastructure. our mobile applications will enable low granularity service usage accounting and compensation for services rendered. additionally the software solution, hardware will offered option, with pre-setup routers available for those seeking consumer friendly plug and play experience. iungo will not limit itself the technical research and development needed deploy the network global scale, but will also build worldwide recognition the brand. token based economy powered closed loop incentives supply side participants the iungo network will incentivized provide internet access both places with high traffic smartphone users and remote workers (town centers, cafes, airports) but also remote places the developing world where there was internet coverage before imagine, for example, enterprising citizen remote african village sharing his satellite based broadband with his community via iungo. the advantages for the consumers the developed world are obvious; fast, secure, instantaneous wifi internet access wherever they are the world. forms fill in, risk personal data being stolen, extortionate hidden roaming charges. wireless internet users customers benefits travelers automated connectivity with hassle- remote workers (hipsters professionals working from coffee shops) free payments residents countries where mobile coverage usage based preferences (price, speed, quality, reviews) heavy youtube users affordable and transparent accounting with single wallet globally digital nomads data plans are expensive and/or poor instant, seamless, safe and global providers network with recognizable branding hardcore gamers the move wireless internet service providers customers benefits small and medium-sized businesses (e.g. restaurants, cafes and bars) large enterprises and governments wishing provide secure public visitor internet access individuals who live close individuals and businesses proximity crowded public spaces airbnb hosts cost savings access global user base increased engagement, low entry barrier (cheap free use, small fee based revenue) co-working spaces powerful web based service management tools (network abuse investors interested providing wireless coverage selected area prevention, reports, billing, alerts, captive portals, white label branding) (street, square, block whole city) additional revenue stream for mice organizers (meetings, incentives, conferences and events/ exhibitions) marketing tools increased security reduced legal liability for corporate "visitor" internet access end users can review ratings any particular access point (ap) and provide ratings collecting quality metrics set their preferred price for the service (latency, jitter, bandwidth) connections problems involving local competences providers are placed the map and businesses can provide descriptions providers can choose redirect end- evangelists can provide introductions installers and manage troubleshooting (ap collected metrics are not enough) are building community where (distributed labour) arise anyone competent enough participate running core infrastructure components, user traffic via third parties therefore can take part and benefit from the limiting legal liability exposure incentives owners can override the iungo recommended price for their location and iungo provides complete marketing and brand recognition one side the market have the existing wireless internet companies operating the field with closed, managed, walled garden proprietary technologies. the other side have small and medium businesses running unsecured networks without any controls and without any material marketing opportunities. with open protocols, incentivized business model and the power collaboration with blockchain payments, this market ripe for disruption. market opportunity the global internet service providers industry one the fastest-growing industries the global economy. explosive growth being propelled rapid advancements internet-related infrastructure and services, the emergence plethora powerful personal and business internet applications has transformed how businesses and consumers operate. rapidly rising demand for broadband internet access and continued investment wired internet infrastructure have helped propel the industry forward. according ibis world research, the annual growth rate between and was .%. the majority internet service providers are multi billion dollar telecommunications companies like at&t, verizon and china mobile. global isp market growth regionally based providers most these telcos and isp's are regionally based with convenient services for today's new generation freelance workers, digital nomads, travelers, vloggers, etc. significant problem for them access reliable and sufficient internet services outside their home country. wi-fi password hunting, filling forms airports and public spaces, unknown security payment options, poor download and upload speeds and data usage restrictions causing not just inconvenience but measurable and material waste time, energy and money. small and medium-sized business needs wifi now must have amenity for every consumer-facing business, but for venue owners, providing reliable wifi service difficult. today's market offers wide range guest wifi solutions, but they are neither cheap nor simple for small business use. hotspot management tools suffer from usage complexity, user base disparity and zero brand recognition. the wifi experience and monetization models are subpar solutions best lacking centralized management, operational tools and usage stats. there existing service which provides easy plug play usage and marketing tools. network expansion and capacity the demand for mobile broadband services continues explode, mobile wireless networks must greatly expand their capacities. simultaneously, the revenues generated from data traffic are falling. this context, service providers are calling for network strategies that alleviate the capex burden satisfying this demand. one effective method spectrum reuse which mobile networks may able accommodate this exponential growth demand offload certain segments their traffic onto wi-fi networks which are connected fixed broadband access lines directly the internet. migrating data traffic from expensive cellular networks wifi infrastructure, wifi offload implies dramatic savings infrastructural costs and also enhances the user connectivity experience while providing value-added wifi services. wi-fi offload allows the portion data traffic emanating from the mobile device that destined directly for the internet injected immediately into the internet for routing its final destination. this traffic never touches the mobile operator's core network. also wi-fi offload uses unlicensed spectra. further, wi-fi has access very substantial amount spectrum with allocations several hundred mhz the mhz and mhz bands. because the low permitted power wi-fi signals, possible make very substantial reuse these frequencies. take advantage this, many mobile wireless devices are capable connecting local wi-fi networks addition signals from cell towers. wifi now must have amenity for every consumer-facing business, but for venue owners, providing wifi service that adds value beyond connectivity while complying with regulations difficult. complete wifi service packages offer centralized management, and operation from the cloud, easy integration into the service portfolio, compliance with security and regulatory obligations and increased revenue. revenue could increased directly selling wifi access upselling part package. alternatively, additional charges for wifi are not applicable some markets due the broad availability and competitive prices for lte. but even these situations, small and medium companies would benefit from complete managed wifi services toolkit for marketing purposes. business model iungo will operate initially with freemium concept. are used having free wifi (in the developed world), but instead standard security for providers and users, some premium services will come cost. for users premium services will include vpn for total privacy, enterprise grade security for traveling professionals and extreme high speed. for businesses the premium services will include marketing tools like user emailing services and app advertising. premium services will paid for iungo tokens both users and providers via the iungo wallet. additionally, our software will allow integrate third party apps and services for both users and business. these third party services will also leverage iungo tokens for payment, therefore creating ecosystem applications operating top the core iungo protocol framework. iungo will charge transaction fee from wifi service providers, third party services. additionally will the service gateway operator (anyone can operate service gateways). this one percent will distributed equally between all service gateways situation where multiple gateways are involved the transaction chain. additionally, may local evangelists referral bonus. the remaining (or cases when there referrer) the end user payment will the wifi service provider. freemium business model for users for providers free premium free premium millions hotspots millions hotspots plug play software plug play software security security millions global customers millions global customers statistics statistics ready for e-commerce ready for e-commerce map map android ios app android ios app security security vpn vpn personnel needed personnel needed ads ads revenue sharing revenue sharing super speed super speed email marketing email marketing unlimited bandwidth unlimited bandwidth in-app ads in-app ads support support user statistics user statistics marketing and strategy local evangelists, tech support program (geographically based iungo ambassadors affiliate program) will receive transactions they are involved with. substantial amount budget will allocated for public awareness, consumer marketing and sales and marketing. the horeca and mice industries (events, exhibitions) will particular area focus for these campaigns. are establishing ongoing cooperation with router manufacturers and firmware developers. with goal custom hardware creation after the second funding phase. bounty program will established with funds for coverage. initial coverage demand. different geographical areas will have regional pricing suggested the iungo service gateway, but each provider will able overwrite this price creating marketplace dynamics. wifi providers who choose iungo will provided with industry leading tools generate metrics for the business owner retention, returning customers, usage stats, abuse counter measurements (web, https, email), bandwidth limitation. competition local evangelists, tech support program (geographically based iungo ambassadors affiliate program) will receive transactions they are involved with. fon network fon carrier wifi provider and are pioneers residential wifi sharing. fon solutions offers wifi products and services. their management solutions enable service providers configure, deliver and operate their own wifi services. fon network aggregates residential and premium carrier wifi footprints creating one coherent global wifi network. fon facilitates wifi interconnection between carriers, provide access deals interested parties, and enable seamless user roaming. fon's global clients include british telecom, the deutsche telekom group, sfr, proximus, kpn, cosmote, mweb, softbank, telstra, and vodafone. boingo boingo wireless, inc. wi-fi software and services provider that makes easy, convenient and cost-effective for people enjoy wi-fi access their laptop mobile device more than hotspots worldwide. with single account, boingo users can access the mobile internet via boingo network locations that include the top airports around the world, major hotel chains and coffee shops, restaurants, convention centers and metropolitan hot zones. boingo and its concourse communications group subsidiary operate wired and wireless networks large-scale venues worldwide such airports, major sporting arenas, malls, and convention centers, well quick serve restaurants. price for the service usd per month for global plan and usd per month for only plan. hotspot system hotspotsystem provides hotspot management and billing services for businesses individuals who want provide internet access for their customers. their cloud-based hotspot management allows customers manage unlimited hotspot locations from control center. all changes are available remote locations real time. the router alert feature will alert you device goes down. all user activity can seen when happens and can also exported can accessed remotely via our api. features: unlimited locations, customizations, network abuse prevention, router alerts, user management, logs, reports, billing, etc. pricing: transaction fee for accepting payment hotspot. payout once month. plans without payments limited sessions and costs usd per location per month for sessions. airfy this public wifi for business solutions. when providing wifi your guests without airfy, you are liable for the actions your guests. airfy internet service provider, therefore not liable for those actions. soon you use airfy, you are safe from legal threat. all your guests' data traffic securely channeled the internet through the airfy cloud vpn server. thanks this technology, you wifi provider are safe. the guests are using the internet airfy users, that you are not liable for their actions. all you need set electricity and internet provider. cloud-based support. price for the service eur per month for starter package and eur per month for marketing plan with facebook page promotion features. socify socifi cloud-based platform designed for wireless providers enable the monetization their networks. large scale custom deployments, socifi capable also providing local hosting solution for enterprise infrastructure. plan with all features for sessions month costs usd. technical description overview the iungo will provide public wi-fi access. service providers will deploying wi-fi sites installing and registering access points for public use. service consumers will able use the iungo mobile wallet application the iungo website locate sites providing access the iungo network. when radio proximity active access point, consumer's device will access internet services and pay for services used. there will two levels access security and two pay ment methods available. high communication security and more flexible payment terms will available end users willing install iungo mobile wallet application. fallback browser based authentication and payment method will available via iungo cloud wallet for those without the payments will token based and cleared the public ethereum network. wi-fi access will delivered wi-fi access points installed and operated service providers (iungo community members). access points will provide customer devices with physical access the internet directly, via existing connections internet service providers indirectly via transport gateways operated service providers having carrier status (with legal immunity from liability respect content transferred). due limited hardware resources, access points will offload all end-user identity verification and payment transaction service gateways. anyone conforming the qualification requirements and iungo operations rules will able operate service gateways and reap the associated rewards. service gateway operators will able define their own schemes for how they compensate service providers for services rendered. iungo org will operating the service gateways taking fixed commission from actual payments received from consumers. there trust based relationship between the service provider and service gateway operator. service providers can freely choose which service gateway pair with. payments from wallets service gateways will use zero trust state channel based payments. payments from service gateways service providers will rely trust between them. you would not mistaken the iungo service gateway operations looks you very similar the ethereum mining pool operations: you have miners (providers) running mining rigs (access points) contributing work (giving access internet) benefit pool (service gateway). the pool (service gateway) operator reaps reward for block mined (services provided), keeps the commission and distribute rewards miner(s) (provider(s)). this model enables creative and competitive reward distribution schemes flourish. wi-fi deployment sites the deployment site physical location where access points will installed by, behalf the site operator. access points will provide physical connectivity layer the internet. depending the size deployment site, may take one many access points provide good quality service. address different deployment site scale requirements, three deployment strategies will pursued. very small sites off the shelf wireless routers running iungo provided custom firmware will directly connected local internet service provider. selected set the wireless router models will supported custom firmware act iungo network compatible access points. for average sized sites access points can daisy chained cover larger area. the access points will able detect daisy chained neighbors and auto-configure the bridging mode relay traffic the next neighbor while the nearest one the isp will function site controller. small and normal sized site access points will have dedicated port connect the site owner's network devices (like point sale equipment, video cameras, etc.) which will completely isolated from the wireless network. for bigger sites (hotels, exhibition venues) with many access points installed dedicated iungo site controller will used manage the site. only enterprise class access points with original vendor supplied firmware and sufficient capabilities iungo partner provided iungo network compatible access points will supported big sites reduce the chances hard debug problems. additionally subject compatibility existing access points/switches existing wi-fi deployment site iungo site controller may installed add iungo network capability existing wi-fi deployment site. iungo network compatible access points and site controllers will made available for purchase from iungo org partners. very small sites will have single access point paired with service gateway. average size sites will have only the access point directly connected internet service provider and acting site controller paired with service gateway. bigger sites only the site controller will paired. two wi-fi networks (ssids) will served each access point: one open/unencrypted network and one authenticated/encrypted network. only open/unencrypted network announcement beacons will broadcasted. network advertisement beacons will broadcasted access points until the control channel service gateway established reduce waste time battery charge consumers connecting access point without access internet. unencrypted wireless network will greet users with captive portal and will offer users choose either install mobile wallet application (to become able connect the secured network) connect secured iungo cloud wallet pay and continue using unsecured wi-fi network service. authenticated and encrypted network will only serve customers who have mobile wallet installed. custom firmware for wireless routers will run linux based environment build top openwrt project. wireless interfaces will managed hostapd daemon. the iungo developed local radius daemon will serve hostapd authenticate mobile wallet users using eap-tls authentication scheme and will derive encryption keys for each wi-fi client session. each radius server (running access point site controller) will have security certificate installed. captive portal agent will take over dns/http traffic unencrypted wireless network interface and will redirect consumers the iungo wallet page until network access restrictions are lifted. api daemon will expose https based api used mobile wallet and cloud wallet communicate with service gateway serving site and all other iungo services. control agent will keep live connection service gateway and will control user access the internet based commands received from the service gateway. similar set software will deployed the site controller. service provider risks: monthly payments; cheating/attacks users (no payment for usage from iungo) solution: constant network improvements, monitoring tools, client support (investigate reported issues); single payment gateway for initial service gateway takes risks (places customer money into blockchain). iungo mobile wallet the iungo mobile wallet dedicated software application which enables seamless connectivity the iungo network. when permitted the consumer, will connect any iungo access point public iungo web-service and will download the dataset any iungo wi-fi sites available nearby. the downloaded dataset will cached the application for later use. the application user will able see all iungo enabled wi-fi sites and associated information the map. the iungo mobile wallet will able login existing iungo cloud wallet accounts using remote identity create and use locally generated identity. the cloud wallet account can also used backup/restore encrypted locally generated identities. when use local identity preferred, the application will generate cryptographically secure pair keys and will create self-signed standard based certificate represent end-user client identity tls servers. when enabled, the wallet application will start monitoring signal levels all available iungo access points. wallet users will able define automatic connection policies with parameters such the highest acceptable price per mb/per minute, lowest acceptable bandwidth, whether give away your verified personal information (like name/surname, e-mail address, age, phone number) exchange for internet access subsidized access point operator disable automatic connections altogether. when automatic connection mode the application will track the quality the currently connected session and the quality beacons received from other available access points. will automatically switch over other access points with better signal/ noise ratio and matching connectivity policy when such access point becomes available within radio reach. after associating with the preferred access point, the wallet application requests provisioning internet access negotiating service/payment terms with service gateway via api reachable via the access point and paying each time the previously paid amount used-up. the mobile wallet tracks session length and the amount information transferred share service usage information with the reputation service. when manual mode, the wallet will present the user with all connectivity choices available and will connect only with the user's consent. this application will gradually made available the majority popular operating systems and platforms like android, ios, mac microsoft windows and gnu/linux. iungo cloud wallet the iungo cloud wallet web service created and operated iungo org. the cloud wallet service enables access the iungo powered network when the mobile wallet application not installed the consumer's device mobile wallet application not available device's platform. the cloud wallet service will freely accessible via public internet and via any iungo access point. when accessing service site consumer will given the choice either use existing wallet account create new one filling the account registration form. after logging existing new account, single page javascript app will loaded present graphical user interface. enables consumers create additional identities, top-up their token accounts tied identities, transfer tokens between accounts and pay for access iungo enabled wi-fi sites. users will able use this interface top-up their token account purchasing tokens with their credit card and possibly other integrated payment methods. additionally, criteria based searchable map all other iungo powered wi-fi deployment sites will available the web app. case mobile wallet has been installed the mobile device, the consumers must explicitly direct their device connect the open iungo network. when connected captive portal software running the access point will redirect all attempts visit http sites iungo's cloud wallet webpage. after logging the secure cloud wallet, the user will presented with services available the currently used access point and respective service prices. the consumer will able choose their preferred service type (subsidized/paid per time/paid per amount data transferred) and optionally set comfortable amount spend (which automatically limits time available enforces data transfer quota). the session duration and data amount transferred will displayed during the active session. consumers will able stop the service delivery and additional payments any time with the push the button. the background, the web application running the browser will establish (cross origin resource sharing) connections both the access point api and the cloud wallet api. then will start forwarding encrypted communication messages between the access point and cloud wallet establishing relayed communication channel between the two. the cloud wallet will use this communication channel emulate mobile wallet and will use the same api access point identify and authenticate the deployment site, learn services available, negotiate and pay for services rendered. after all parties are identified and authenticated direct channel between cloud wallet service and service gateway serving access point may established reduce latency overhead indirect communications. payments payment channels payments iungo network will token fiat currency based. open payment channel one party will freeze selected amount tokens for the benefit receiving party. selected amount can also equal zero. this frozen amount can increased on-chain the sending party any time. however, there will way return frozen tokens back the sender's account. monitoring events emitted the token contract, the receiver can detect payment channel creation events and track the amount tokens frozen. when the sending party decides send amount the receiving party, generates signed offer confirming un-revocable intend part with specified amount tokens the benefit the receiver and sends this message off-chain the receiver. the message contains the sender's address, the receiver's address, the per sender-receiver pair tracked serial number the offer, the amount sent, hash previous attributes, the sender's digital signature over hash and opaque, unsigned bytestring carry the reason for payment. reusing serial number, the sender can increase the amount sent and update the reason for sending until actively requested the receiver use new serial number for further payments. settle the state on-chain the receiver must sign the best offer received from the sender and invoke the token contract with the countersigned offer argument. when invoked settle the offer the token contract will check the settlement should processed. first, both signatures are checked for validity and the signers match sender and receiver. then the offer serial number checked determine greater than the last offer processed the contract reject repeated attempts settle the same offer. subsequently, the frozen plus balance amount the sender's account checked verify greater than amount offered. all checks are passed, the serial number the offer saved the state memory the token contract, the commission for iungo org calculated, the amount promised deducted from sender's account and the amount minus commission deposited receiver's account. the commission amount deposited the benefit iungo org. should noted that offer and all signatures are passed input settlement function that the contract can invoked any party willing pay for the gas used and still produce expected results. service gateways will act intermediary between wallets and the blockchain and will cover transaction gas costs. the zero risk guarantee does not come without some responsibilities the receiving side. the receiver should always track the amounts frozen and offered the sender and refuse accept payment offers not covered the frozen amount expects zero risk not being payed. the zero risk payment scheme allows the sender trade the costs updating the frozen amount (by invoking the contract) on-chain more often for less risk leaving unused tokens frozen. also helps reduce the contract invocation gas costs covered the receiver being more time tolerant. the receiver can trade lower gas price for longer wait time that the transaction will spend pending transaction pool without increasing the risk not being paid. the same payment mechanism can reused for payment channels based trust. trust based payment channel case the sender does not freeze any tokens. the sender sends signed payment offers the same way would done the zero trust scheme. the receiver track the amount left the sender's account and select the best time settle on-chain. this use case, the receiver never guaranteed that the sent amount will available for settlement. payment channel network anticipate that limited number parties will willing operate service gateway serving more significant number deployment sites used substantial amount consumers. the chances the same consumer consuming services provided the same provider are too slim require direct payment channel between the consumer and the service provider. reduce the total number payment channels takes pay for the services, makes sense for consumers open zero risk payment channels only the benefit service gateways. service gateways will create zero risk payment channel mesh between themselves facilitate expedited payments for their users. service gateways will open trust based payment channels process these payments service providers. two payment scenarios become possible: direct and transitive. the direct payment scenario single gateway has payment channel both the consumer's account and the service provider's account open. case direct payment possible service gateway decide how the reward will divided between the service gateway and service provider. the transitive payment scenario, serving gateway only has channel the service provider and payments from the consumer's account can only organized with some assistance from the service gateway who has payment channel with the consumer. the implementation transitive payments will based hashed time lock concept. case transitive payment scenario, service gateway the consumer's end can keep protocol fixed commission for assisting payments come through. services the iungo network's functionality relies several services. when connected any the iungo network's access points, the customer's mobile device can interact with some these services even when internet access administratively prohibited. the freely available services include site location discovery and mobile wallet. site registry service. all access points/site controllers will paired with sgw's. when access point site controller paired with service gateway the geographical wgs and street address based) location information the deployment site and list all bssids each access point the deployment site provided the service provider. additionally, all available services and service pricing information recorded after the pairing procedure complete. the service provider will allowed change service list and pricing information more often than once hours. each service gateway will collect and share site registration data with other service gateways. every service gateway will collect site registration data from all other service gateways render complete list all deployment sites available around the world. this data will made available consumers via site locator service. reputation registry. access points will record user session details like start/end timestamps each session, the amount data transferred and will report service gateways. the mobile wallet service will also gather same session details and will send service gateways for comparison. service gateways will collect and relay session data collected from deployment sites and mobile wallet users the iungo reputation registry. the reputation registry will run mediation process and will use complete event detection gathered information detect and filter out possible reputation fraud. then will calculate reputation score (including reputation score error range) for each site. the reputation score for each site will made available service gateways. the site locator service provides access the site registry database. will share detailed information nearby sites with iungo consumers using the mobile wallet visiting the iungo public internet site. site information includes physical geo location, street address, services available (subsidized, paid per time, paid per mb) and their respective prices, iungo reputation score value with error range and site description supplied the service provider. certificate authority. iungo org will manage public key infrastructure used secure access the network. iungo org operated network will act trust anchor wallets and mobile device wi-fi wpa supplicants ensure consumer's device connecting legitimate access point (participating iungo network). the network will sub-delegate certification rights service gateways issue certificates access points/site controllers. the certificate lifetime will limited one month for access points/site controllers and months for service gateways. certificate revocation published network will describe all revoked service gateway certificates. infrastructure entities transport gateway. service providers may limited service agreements with their internet service providers not provide service unknown parties and also can held legally responsible for behavior their end users. limit exposure legal risk, service providers may choose redirect all end user internet traffic through transport gateway operated other parties and/or other countries. there are many options with different tradeoffs what kind transport protocols should used and what legal risk types need avoided. will conduct further research needs and options related how transport gateways will integrated into the iungo network during the mvp phase. service gateways. the service gateway actually collection services acting concert with deployment site hardware and other service gateways enable unified global user experience. plays major role the iungo network middle ground solution where most the cost reduction and performance scaling benefits centralized service can had without sacrificing diversity and service availability. each qualified service gateway operator will have chance come with creative approaches user onboarding stay competitive. running service gateway comes with it's costs: operators will need hardware resources run the software, low latency high bandwidth connection internet. strict adherence iungo operations rules covering allowed and disallowed operational practices will enforced iungo org order protect the legitimate interests the service consumers. the service gateway will least run node distributed site registry, reputation data collection agent, one many instances site-locator service, intermediate certificate authority, web based management site for service providers and ethereum node. iungo will provide open protocol descriptions for all interfaces used and dual licensed reference implementation all software needed run basic functioning service gateway. commercial license will available for those seeking create closed derivatives. notice and disclaimer this whitepaper important and should read its entirety. the best knowledge the authors, this whitepaper contains information that provided only compliance with the requirements applicable laws, rules and regulations. all product and company names are trademarks(tm) registered(r) trademarks their respective holders. use them does not imply any affiliation with endorsement them. the content this document includes forward looking statements with respect iungo.network financial and technical viability. the effects regulation the governments countries which may wish operate. expectations regarding the operating environment and market conditions. forward-looking statements are sometimes, but not always, identified their use date the future. forward looking statements are predictive and involve risk and uncertainty. forwardlooking statements are not guarantees future performance and are based assumptions. ing tokens issued iungo not have any rights, uses, purpose, attributes, functionalities features, expressed implied. although ing tokens may tradable, they are not investment, currency, security, commodity, swap currency, security, commodity any kind financial instrument. provided definitions apply throughout the document, unless indicated otherwise. references sciencedirect expanding mobile wireless capacity: the challenges presented technology and economics ibisworld global internet service providers: market research report