insurance marketplace based blockchain nov, content executive summary introduction the insurance market today existing challenges generation shift growth limitations overhead costs legacy market opportunity increased regulation status quo not enough drive for digitization global reach the ixledger platform target audience key features key benefits technology architecture overview blockchain oracles security and data privacy matching engine digital signing ixt the ixledger token token allocation reserve pool team pool token burn token purchase activities volatility control price range calculation arbitrage prevention platform launch price roadmap the company the leadership team the core team competitive landscape situational analysis corporate industry platform functionality matrix partnerships disclaimer references executive summary ixledger building platform that aims disrupt and replace the traditional insurance working models. our offering global and alternative marketplace using technology one the pivot differentiators. the working platform leverages blockchain and revamps many the current outdated insurance processes. the insurance industry undergoing change that partially driven technology. exploring emerging technologies within insurance has become critical activity remain innovative and competitive. blockchain technology key this exercise and promises transformative alternatives traditional insurance approaches. this whitepaper outlines how ixledger will meet upcoming challenges and take advantage opportunity gaps within the insurance market. are passed our fund-raising stage, our focus building viable commercial operation. are not including financial projections budgets general. introduction ixledger registered company based london, the global capital insurance. our mission transform the way the market trades and manages insurance products offering alternative insurance marketplace utilising blockchain technology. ixledger creating the required tools best suited for the operations insurers and brokers. our solutions will help these users maximise market connections and efficiency throughout all stages their day-to-day working processes. this paper gives you detailed overview our approach. the insurance market today the insurance market counts for trillion percent the global economic output []. estimates suggest that this the volume the gross written premiums generated insurers across the globe london the capital the global insurance market europe, with long history marketplace for all kinds insurance. the association british insurers estimated the value assets under management, held insurance companies, trillion. the uk, people are employed within the industry []. insurance companies are seeking increase their revenue creating new insurance products and expanding into new markets. the same time, brokers are merging broaden their offering and services. market consolidation has become the trend order grow []. compared the traditional cost cutting and market consolidation [], blockchain can change the insurance industry the same way the internet revolutionised the world the early 's. blockchain creates new growth opportunities the global insurance industry new products and operations are evolving from blockchain technology []. existing challenges insurers face number challenges, including: fast-paced changing industry, outdated technology and shift demographics. below outline some the major challenges. generation shift the generation baby boomers (aged and generation (aged are yet embrace technology for insurance solutions. the other hand, the millennial generation (aged insurance professionals have expectations system that simple, transparent and efficient. the increase competition and changes pushing this generation into new digitalised environment. growth limitations brokers and underwriters face limitations grow their access the marketplace limited. traditionally, relationships are the foundation provide future business growth insurance. the current manual paper-based processes are big challenge grow business operations. overhead costs insurance processes that manage risk, premiums and claims typically involve significant exchange data between multiple parties. each party stores their own separate copies data and process these individually. this makes difficult synchronise and collaborate through what meant shared process. legacy many cases, insurance companies have outdated systems that are not ready for mobile use general online access. large proportion the legacy systems are "closed" and have easy way integrating external partners' systems. market opportunity the insurance industry going through some significant changes that have impact profit levels and this therefore increases the need for cost-saving. the consumer markets are also changing with new approaches insurance and gaining popularity. according kpmg, 'on demand insurance appealing proposition, provides convenience through attractive customer interface and offering flexibility cover. []' insurance companies need reinvent themselves remain competitive and also support the existing business processes against backdrop lower premiums and need cut costs. below are few characteristics this changing environment. increased regulation insurance companies and brokers are under increased regulatory scrutiny that causes extra administrative burden. this adds additional requirements systems provide transparency and auditing protocols. examples some regulatory demands are gdpr (general data protection regulation) compliance, solvency and idd (insurance distribution directive). status quo not enough the process how the market trades and manages insurance products shifting electronic approach. this shift being driven demographic, economic and technology factors. status quo longer enough and insurers who fail adapt will not able retain their customers, let alone grow their business broader market []. drive for digitization insurance companies are driving digitization efforts across the industry and are investing heavily the search efficiencies and increased market reach. consumers and counterparties expect modern technology. artificial intelligence (ai), mobile apps and blockchain are some the main focuses. global reach insurance longer local business and this sector needs cover people and companies with global footprint. the insurance marketplace also increasingly global where longer possible meet person. the need communicate and collaborate remotely continues increase significantly. the ixledger platform the platform suite tools that allows insurance professionals maximise their market connections and profitability throughout all the stages the business process. ixledger offers powerful matching functionality and instant messaging features that enables market participants broaden their business network multiple types insurance. target audience the ixledger marketplace for participants the insurance industry. our target audience are: brokers. match buyers-sellers while providing tailor-made structures and other services. insurers. sell insurance products reinsurers i.e. risk transfer. reinsurers. buy insurance programs selling i.e. retrocession insurance. the millennial generation (aged one our key target audiences. according the general director association british insurers, 'by the workforce will millennials and this generation has grown surrounded technology'. the insurance industry focused preparing insurance professionals within this generation adapt the shift technology for insurance solutions []. addition, according pwc survey, 'by consumers would prepared provide their insurer with personal-data documents through electronic platform seek the best deal and efficient service' []. the current market networking opportunities are limited existing relationships between the brokers, insurers and reinsurers. our platform provides features such instant messaging based placement process and mobile access, which will sit well with this audience. key features collaborative placement insurance meet, network and agree terms instantly with secure live-messaging based submission process. utilise all the platform features on-the-go with our mobile application keep track all your business activities and keep date with enabled live notification straight your mobile device. securely share documents upload and share your confidential documents processed through our blockchain-based platform. effective portfolio and individual risk data management stay top your work our customizable and powerful risk data and portfolio manager. export the data straight into excel downstream processes. template driven mrc (market reform contract) creation with digital signing part collaborative platform, where all parties can edit contract wordings and clauses. transactions are agreed and finalised with digital signatures from all business partners. market insights and performance analytics gain insights into the market analytics and reports that will give you edge. analyse performance individual team level and track your progress. invite your business partners and colleagues connect our simple sign-up process encourages network effect rewarding the sign-up the people you business with. promotion expertise growth your network show your professional expertise and qualifications your profile and search for partners for new business opportunities. key benefits blockchain technology new focus area within the insurance industry and gives significant advantage for market practitioners. blockchain reduces the need for intermediaries and introduces trust, leading growth opportunities and operational efficiencies. the main benefits: providing alternative existing marketplaces with modern technology and new approaches for lower overhead costs. independent provider are able create solutions without being tied specific markets, insurance companies consortia whilst staying line with industry standards. utilising blockchain technology the software protocol provides additional implementation for internal it-solutions and external partners. technology the ixledger architecture highly scalable and robust combination the latest technology advances blockchain, (user-experience) and server side approaches. our layered and modular approach gives flexibility replace technology and add new functionalities. architecture overview blockchain our platform leverages blockchain technology and offers participants consistent, shared and secure processes. the nature the decentralized blockchain allows completely trustless interaction between parties and also removes third-party costs and commissions. ixledger will eventually provide open blockchain for insurance companies and others join and mine. however will initially start creating consortium blockchain ethereum with controlled participation. this allows the ixledger team get around the current performance limitations suffered the public blockchain. important note that all ixledger software has been designed for deployment deployed the public blockchain. our core business logic implemented smart contracts that are executed the blockchain. ixledger blockchain contracts have been organised around business processes and each contract type supported registry. this registry allows users monitor contract data records and also provides control and event tracking. the aim this contract implementation minimise the need configure addresses externally and provide consistent approach. oracles one the architectural challenges with smart contracts that this architecture lacks information anything outside itself. given that real time data often needed for business practises (e.g. current exchange rates), this issue has been solved with oracles. when smart contract 'oracle aware', the contract can execute event the oracle, which its turn feeds the required data back into the contract performs certain alternative actions. example oracle usage within the ixledger platform when ixt payments are made. the event chargeable transaction our consortium blockchain, the smart contract connects with oracle that then synchronises the payment the public blockchain. oracles have their own challenges and one these security. for example both the oracle itself and the callback function smart contract need secured. another aspect the performance and gas costs. security and data privacy some our data not public everyone and must protected with high level security. for example, the medical data documents that form part life insurance claim, quote information provided for submission. the different levels protection and various use cases call for different approaches. sharing documents: this feature might involve sharing highly sensitive medical data other personal information between privileged users. explicit exchange encryption keys required gain access. smart contract privacy: certain data the smart contracts needs encrypted. since encrypting data within the blockchain not viable, certain fields need encrypted before they are published. for example, participants who provide quotes for submission should not able see quotes that have been sent others. personal data removal: one the challenges the regulatory requirement able remove personal information requested. our data stored the blockchain and therefore immutable, need slightly different approach. are basing encryption and consider data have been deleted the key "lost". matching engine what makes successful matching engine? high performance scalability flexibility many the existing order matching engines mainly optimise matching prices. this works well when the prices are the primary focus. however, for our participants, other fields (e.g. jurisdictions and business classes) are often less important. for our products, flexibility critical high performance order help smooth the customer's business operations and avoid setting constraints. there are naive approaches achieve flexibility for successful matching engine. some implementations evade the issue converting preference filters into database queries. other approaches include field-by-field matching brute force, which results poor performance. field specific optimisations can help certain degree, e.g. cleverly re-organising data and comparison flows. nonetheless important note that such optimisations usually need very fine level manual adjustments, which results scalability issues. are basing our matching engine innovative novel tree structure. the participant's filters are parsed and then organised way that reduces repeated comparison (e.g. submission satisfies one criteria filter, there need re-compare the same criteria other filters). the filter tree allows arbitrary numbers and types criteria filter. also self-organises dynamically, according the created (and removed) filters achieving scalability. here one example: interest submissions: let's imagine that there are insurers who have registered interest insurance submissions. half them are interested cover limits over and quarter them prefer the ones from france and under cover limits. the remainder have preferences over limits but are interested the ones from the uk. submissions available: suppose there submission with limit which comes from the uk. perform model ideal matching process, this model will start comparing the cover limit: after the first comparison, the first filters are skipped. the second group (france and under will pass the first comparison, but second comparison against the country will drop all them. finally third comparison will match the final group. matching model: the root our matching tree has one branch towards limit comparison and another branch towards country comparison. the limit branch then forks value, meaning that all the first group will registered under one sub-branch, while the entire second group under another branch country comparison. finally, the last group directly under the root. with this approach only three comparisons are needed match against filters. the real implementation more complicated and there are intriguing challenges. some these challenges include rebalancing the tree the filters are added and removed, and selecting the branching strategy based hits and misses. there are multiple ways and strategies for these challenges. the moment, simple models and strategies suffice for the minimal viable product (mvp). the long term, more sophisticated models will developed the product evolves. digital signing have integrated digital signing that leverages docusign, the market leader e-signatures. the signing functionality tightly integrated with our user interface (ui) provide smooth experience. removing the need for printing and scanning well blockchain-backed proof signatures makes the process auditable and quicker. this feature gets rid administration tasks that often delay the signing process. ixt the ixledger token ixt used pay for transactions and other activities the platform. from the perspective ixt holder, the token should classified prepayment for services. the purpose using ixt token provide easier payments and reduce the administrative overheads when using the platform. all transactions and activity are priced ixt, which allows for easy comparison and unified charging. ixt that have been transferred the platform accounts have been bought the platform will not transferrable external accounts. token allocation issued total million ixt tokens during our crowdsale period. from that total supply (,, ixt) has been added the ixledger pool which includes the team and company reserve. reserve pool initial size: ixt the reserve pool used ensure that our ixt token economy operates fair and controlled manner. tokens from the reserve pool will utilised provide the required liquidity and smoothen short-term price increases. the pool depleted, will replenished the tokens that the platform receives. this replenishment will happen weekly basis and summary will published with the steps taken. the aim this pool provide stable price for our primary participants whilst maintaining controlled increase price (i.e. inflation) which reflects the growth and volume the platform. there also the possibility increasing the size the pool the platform grows. this will achieved reducing the tokens burned. team pool initial size: ixt our team allocation primarily there incentivise team members strive for increase the value the token. the tokens the team pool will also used allocate initial balance early adopters the platform. this allocation will provide users with either three months free usage the option receive reward inviting their business contacts. aim achieve significant network effect with this approach. token burn tokens received the platform will burnt after certain costs have been covered. this exact amount will determined monthly basis depending the levels required for: operational costs: this includes the infrastructure costs required operate the ixledger platform. the medium long-term plan open the blockchain people who wish mine. miners would then rewarded with ixt tokens. growth: there will rewards for bringing new participants, provisioning and marketing and advertising. reserve pool replenishment: constant level tokens will maintained this pool with the potential increase the size proportion platform growth. tokens will burnt with single transactions those unwanted tokens the genesis block address. this procedure will effectively take these tokens out circulation. other existing token burn options being considered for implementation 'graveyard contract', which will explicitly destroy the token. token purchase ixledger marketplace participant can purchase tokens directly from the platform with credit card payment bank transfer. tokens that are purchased directly the platform will sourced from the exchanges behalf the customer. with this procedure, the token demand will reflected the market value whilst making frictionless experience for the user. tokens bought the platform registered users will held secure wallet (acting custodian) associated with the user account and fully managed the platform. ixt token already listed number exchanges and the team working provide liquidity with more listings. token liquidity will encourage participants continue supporting the platform various ways. for someone that not ixledger platform participant, you can only buy sell tokens from exchanges. activities examples activities which will require fee offer ixt rewards are defined below. more these activities will added the platform evolves. the platform will also include ixt transfer window that will publish the corresponding amount ixt and the according addresses. our payment oracle will settle the the transaction the public ethereum blockchain. activity ixt price submission you will pay ixt order place submission the market. recipients the submission will not charged. the fee goes the platform. tbd quote you will rewarded ixt when you provide quote which accepted. tbd firm order firm order will result equal charge both sides the transaction. the fee goes the platform. tbd invites you send invites people outside your organisation you will rewarded ixt helps the platform grow. tbd organisation setup during the setup organisation you will rewarded with initial balance ixt. tbd data data can bought and sold the platform. the exact functionality scheduled during our second phase development all the specifics have not yet been worked out. tbd premium features unlock premium features such detailed statistics such profile views, contacts and research material. tbd volatility control one the key priorities create stable and predictable cost model for ixledger clients. this model will shield clients from the short-term volatility that traditionally associated with blockchain tokens. price volatility should only concern for someone who about buy ixt. the way prevent high ixt volatility offering discounted mechanism the price spikes above predefined range. this handled automatically part the ixt purchase process. the market sourcing detects that the best price can get outside the range the acceptable price swing, the platform will add the difference. this difference tokens will obtained from the reserve pool. price range calculation the maximum daily price yesterday's price the number organisations participating have increased, there will additional increase per new organisation. the percentages are likely adjusted increases. the discount then simply today's price minus selling tokens from the internal pool reserves will help raise operational capital. this can advantageous for the development ixledger the token benefits from healthy market prices. arbitrage prevention ixledger platform participants will not able transfer purchased discounted ixt tokens the secondary markets within days purchasing. this prevent arbitrage opportunities, where participant buys discounted ixt the platform sell higher price the secondary market. platform launch price there will attempt prevent any potential steep price increase during the launch the ixledger working platform. volatility control will begin once the price has stabilised and ixt begins with institutional transactions. ixledger aims protect primary participants from high volatility. roadmap below high-level roadmap which outlines the main phases and milestones. this subject change reserve the right change our priorities and timelines find opportunities get market feedback. the company the leadership team ingemar svensson founder ceo: before founding ixledger, ingemar was the cto risk and valuation sungard asset management. his experience ranges from managing large organisations hands-on software development. ingemar has spent years building mission critical systems various roles bank america merrill lynch, barclays capital, lehman brothers and mitsui sumitomo insurance. cristina dolan co-founder president us: cristina mit media lab alumna and internet pioneer with over two decades experience building software, content, and internet based products and businesses. she was co-founder onemain.com, which grew the largest isp after successful ipo. cristina chair the mit enterprise forum new york. she was honored with harold lobdell distinguished service award from mit for her work promoting computer science. mikael olofsson co-founder president emea: mikael has over years experience from the financial markets and start-up sector. previous founding ixledger, was co-founder tikkr.co on-demand insurance platform with participation the insurtech accelerator program startupbootcamp.org london. before this mikael worked senior equity derivatives broker and commodities broker london, new york, geneva and paris for companies such icap and scb group. the core team henrik hoppendorff business development: insurance specialist and former underwriter who worked aig and other insurance companies. joins with wealth detailed insurance expertise well the senior business development skills. andrew hodgett business development: experienced marine (re)insurance broker. joins provide insight the broking sector and will take leading role our sales team. charlotte holmen head development: charlotte's last role was the first developer hired the startup doctify.co.uk senior full-stack developer she and her team took the product from scratch the award winning product today. gurcan sanli social media community manager: gurcan joins with experience digital marketing essentials and social media management. obtained bachelor's degree marketing and advertising, well the key certificates digital marketing accredited cim, google and cpd. linmao song senior blockchain developer: prior working blockchain developer nchain, linmao was barclays for years c++ developer. linmao leads the blockchain development the platform. theodor port blockchain developer. theodor joined after completing his masters computer science imperial college london. had significant experience ethereum development prior joining from his own projects and community volunteer. mohammed yafii software developer: software developer specialising the creation interactive and responsive user interfaces using modern javascript frameworks. danny currie senior software developer: danny joins from gavuin, data analytics company where was the product manager and senior full-stack software developer. shanthi varanasi middleware developer: shanthi worked state street bank leading the team developers and was completely responsible for the finance risk project. shanthi has overall experience years the software industry working client-server web based and enterprise applications. valdi kamenarov middleware developer: valdi worked news corp where took part the development their customer management platform. his role varied from analysing business requirements, system design and developing strategic business functionality. competitive landscape there are number players who are aiming reform the insurance market with innovative solutions based technology. survey conducted pwc, indicates that insurers expect the insurance industry undergo change market operation due the advance technology' []. there high demand for system that efficient for both brokers and insurers. situational analysis corporate strength: strategic collaboration with gen blockchain-based platform unique platform features well funded versatile leadership team with key experience weaknesses: currently only one official partnership low marketing presence the target audience opportunities: replacing outdated systems demand for global electronic platform provide efficiency blockchain adoption threats: established projects that already offer various classes insurance regulatory hurdles industry threat new entrants: medium insurance solutions' projects are emerging and establishing themselves the industry with similar technologies and offerings bargaining power buyers: low our target audience are keen conduct their processes trusted and seamless electronic platform power suppliers: low ixledger are the insurance solutions provider who handles participant fees based their activity scale competitive rivalry: medium high xuber are operational with regular funding from owners dxc technology xuber operates multiple regions and offering several classes insurance ppl obtain access over london markets and the necessary clients internally threat substitutes: medium various blockchain-based projects are offering insurance solutions meet both the insurer and broker requirements platform functionality matrix below platform functionality matrix the closest peers the market. company ixledger blockchain instant messaging placing business cross product gdpr compliant claims management policy management premiums mobile access ppl xuber fidentiax etherisc aigang akinova insurercore blocksure chainthat schemeserve offering pending adopting similar functionalities ixledger are ppl xuber and fidentiax these three projects have been categorised ixledger's closest peers providing insurance solutions. partnerships are strategic collaboration with one the world's leading reinsurance companies, gen berkshire hathaway company). the aim our partnership deliver transformative insurance solutions amongst life and health clients gen our insurance marketplace. this project will initially focus the uk, with the aim expand europe, asia and the us. the insurance market broad, and are researching multiple use cases for the ixledger platform. during and our strategy has been focus internal operations rather than expanding externally. have actively seeked meet the market and spin diverse collaboration opportunities which currently can not disclose till confirmation made. going forward, external focus our priority during and (see page disclaimer this content provided for informational purposes only related our approach providing insurance solutions based blockchain technology. the information above may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. this document way constitutes the provision investment professional advisory. ixledger does not guarantee, and accept legal liability whatsoever arising from connected to, the accuracy, reliability, completeness any material contained this document. participants and potential ixt token holders should seek appropriate independent advice prior relying entering into any commitment transaction based the information provided the whitepaper, which for reference only. this paper outlines ixledger's current vision for the platform and intend realize this vision, however, our vision dependent numerous factors and entirely possible that the platform will not implemented outlined this paper. the platform and its tokens are not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any form and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. ixt tokens are functional utility smart contracts within the ixledger platform and memberships are not for speculative investment. there promise future performance, promise inherent value, promise continuing payments and guarantee that ixt token will hold any particular value. references allianz global insurance markets url: https://www.allianz.com/en/economic_research/publications/working_papers/insurance_markets/ gvm association british insurers, keyfact "uk insurance and long term savings, key facts" url: https://www.abi.org.uk/globalassets/sitecore/files/documents/publications/public//keyfacts/k eyfacts.pdf [&] insurers search for growth, clyde url: https://www.clydeco.com/uploads/files/j_search_growth_booklet_v.pdf new real-time, blockchain-enabled platform secure and streamline the marine insurance process, url: http://www.ey.com/gl/en/industries/financial-services/insurance/ey-blockchain-marine kpmg: will on-demand insurance become mainstream? url: https://home.kpmg.com/content/dam/kpmg/uk/pdf///will-on-demand-insurance-become-main stream.pdf future trends. seismic shift underway: how people, technology and market boundary trends are shifting the insurance industry url: http://www.project-consult.de/files/majesco__future_trends__a_seismic_shift_underway_.p insurance post: insurance census face insurance. url: https://www.postonline.co.uk/insurer//insurance-census--face-of-insurance#disqus_ thread [&] pwc global: insurance the digital prise taking customer connection new level. url: https://www.pwc.com/gx/en/industries/financial-services/insurance/publications/digital-non-life.html