contents executive summary ... ii. brief history ... iii. technological overview ... iv. business talk ... ... crowdsale details vi. our accountability with your contributions vii. testimonials ... viii. team and supporters ... ix. legal ... executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with this document gives detailed overview the ignis crowdsale* and the ardor platform. this document gives detailed overview the ignis crowdsale and the ardor platform. the aim the document not only present the technical innovation and use cases the upcoming platform, but also outline the business strategy and development roadmap jelurida. the terms and conditions for the ignis crowdsale are available separate document and, due their legal significance, are integrated the wallet itself. your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal ardor blockchain-as-a-service-platform that evolved from the time-tested nxt blockchain. currently successfully running testnet and will launched the unique parent-child chain architecture ardor, with single security chain and multiple transactional chains, enables three fundamental advantages reducing blockchain bloat, providing multiple transactional tokens, and hosting ready-to-use interconnected blockchains. kickstart the ardor project and allow compete with the rapidly-growing blockchain market, the development team behind nxt and ardor decided conduct crowdsale for ignis the token ignis, the first ardor child chain. jelurida will the corporate entity that will responsible for the development ardor and nxt platform. the ignis child chain will completely unrestricted and decentralised with all features and functionality which currently exist the nxt blockchain. multiple additional child chains can created the ardor platform for various organizations, such public entities, enterprises, consortiums, research institutions, and financial service providers. the platform technological innovations make possible for large corporations and smes have child chain with ready-to-use features, instead creating their own blockchain and developing features from scratch. child chains can implemented cost-effective way without compromising their security, which guaranteed the parent ardor chain. *please note that the ignis crowdsale that scheduled commence august will distribute jlrda tokens owe you' basis. the ignis tokens will distributed jlrda token holders ratio when the ardor platform launched. ii. brief history executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal amidst the rush multiple clones bitcoin being created nxt was introduced second-generation cryptocurrency, expanding the use blockchain beyond supporting currency and simple transfer value. nxt the first blockchain protocol use entirely proof-of-stake instead proof-of-work consensus mechanism, its power consumption and hardware requirements are very low. ever since the launch, the platform has been running securely with uptime and has experienced systematic failure. actively used production and state constant development, the nxt platform has been able stand the test time due its advanced architecture and solid design. being open source, has also been subjected multiple code reviews independent experts from various backgrounds. implemented java, the leading industry standard language for corporate applications, the nxt platform allows for fast prototyping and the rapid development new features. existing features include creating and trading assets, listing and buying digital goods, creating polls with very flexible vote counting options, setting conditional transaction execution, assigning properties accounts, sending encrypted messages, registering aliases, and many others. the relative ease with which such new functionality has been added regularly the development team every few months during the last three years proves the well-designed and flexible architecture the platform. addition, the rich and comprehensive nxt api which supports over request types has allowed various projects built top nxt. wait second... you must wondering why are talking about nxt and not about ignis. well, there connection between them please continue read further learn about how came ardor and ignis. ii.. existing blockchain technologies have limitations executive summary brief history technological overview business talk over the course the development nxt, identified few problems that needed address. single token crowdsale details our accountability with single token your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal blockchain bloat cloning issues all platform features, well the block generation process, require the use the native token known nxt. nxt not only required for the payment transaction fees the network and for the transfer value, but also for all transactions involving the use the blockchain e.g. pricing asset exchange ask/bid orders, prices digital goods listed the marketplace, exchange rates monetary system currencies, and the transfer assets over the blockchain. this makes difficult develop applications which use the blockchain transparently, ideally, users should not required have nxt order transact and shouldn't need denominate the value assets and currencies nxt. blockchain bloat executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal why all nodes need burdened with storing and reprocessing all transactions? blockchain bloat common problem across all blockchain platforms, including nxt. due the fact that every node needs store all transactions ever processed since the blockchain was started. new nodes are also required re-process all data when they download the blockchain for the first time. this security requirement stemming from the trustless design blockchain platforms. being proof-of-stake cryptocurrency, the balance account (its stake) given blockchain height determines, pseudo-random manner, whether this account eligible generate (forge) the next block. for node downloading the blockchain from scratch, the only way verify that the next block downloading was indeed generated legitimate account (i.e. having sufficient stake), make sure that calculates and verifies each account balance downloads the blockchain processing all old transactions encounters during the download. this represents processing bottleneck that will only get worse the blockchain size increases, especially with the rising number transactions per second. the current transaction processing rate bloat not yet problem for nxt, and have already come with several innovative solutions reduce even more. one such solution the prunable data function which allows for the removal some data like messages from the blockchain, thus reducing its size, yet when needed automatically restoring such data trustless manner from archival nodes. however, bloat serious issue that must solved fundamental way order for blockchain platform future-proof and truly scalable. executive summary customization issues brief history cloning simple, but maintenance not! technological overview many organizations need custom blockchain with its own transactional token and customized functionality for their needs. achieve this with the nxt software, organization needs create clone i.e., completely separate blockchain, running modified version the software, but not linked any other way the original nxt blockchain. doing requires the setup servers process transactions and secure the network, well complex development work for the customizations. addition being burden for most small-to-medium businesses, this lowers the system security, compared the main public nxt blockchain. such clone also bound lag behind the latest public chain software terms feature development and security upgrades, since implementation customized blockchains complex matter, especially one not very experienced with the nxt software. business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal iii. technological overview executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal with ardor, network security tokens and transactional tokens are separate the above-mentioned problem led the nxt developers work new solution, starting from which gave birth the ardor protocol. the nxt blockchain, the nxt token that serves this dual purpose, being used both determine forging stake, i.e. the right account generate blocks, and execute all kinds value-transfer transactions, i.e. represent unit value. ardor, separation these two functions used achieve much greater flexibility allowing multiple other transactional tokens used and exist independently; effect allowing child chains exist and run the same network while operating largely independent each other. iii. ardor: briefly explained the ardor platform based the stable and reliable codebase nxt, which has been running successfully public blockchain since november every existing function the nxt blockchain will supported ardor. addition, ardor has unique design composed single parent chain responsible for network security and processing, and multiple child chains responsible for the operational transactions such creating assets, voting polls, sending messages, etc. child chains transactions are reported the parent chain using new process called "bundling". the bundlers package multiple child chain transactions into single childchainblock transaction the parent chain. the bundlers pay the transaction fees ardor and receive the transaction fees the child chain coin. the first child chain the ardor platform called "ignis". ignis will inherit all features found the nxt blockchain. these features will also available other child chains, though restrictions can placed the child chain creators certain feature not desired. unlike "side chains" and other blockchain-related technologies, the ardor parent chain and child chains like ignis are based the same source code and share the same security guaranties. iii. solutions through ardor recall the three problems explained section ii.. the ardor platform brings the following solutions these problems: executive summary blockchain single token bloat solutions dependency solutions structural the ardor parent chain only stores transactions which affect the balances the forgers (proof stake block validators). all other transactions child chains are pruned, leaving only cryptographic proof (hash) that proves their previous existence. users ardor child chain will only deal with the child chain token both for transfer value and transaction fee payment. business that needs its own blockchain does not have maintain its own network servers, run forging and worry about system's security. functional new node joining the blockchain will only need validate the parent chain transactions, which represent only small proportion all, and the transactions each child chain for the past hours, not the full transaction history. addition, new node will load snapshot the current blockchain state (account balances, properties, aliases etc) from one the existing nodes. when assets currencies are issued top child chain, users these tokens pay transaction fees denominated the child chain coin, just they would for any other transaction the child chain. organizations use proven technology with the ability request customized features tailored their needs installed the core development team itself. brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal individuals entities which need the full transaction history for their own book keeping can still store setting archival node which maintains the full transaction history based various conditions. these entities will then still able prove that given transaction, while longer stored the blockchain, was present there the past. users child chains may not even aware that they are using blockchain within the ardor network through the api. baas solutions for certain applications, business entity managing child chain may choose cover transaction fees for their users serving the transaction bundler make sure that the child chain transactions are included the parent chain. executive summary brief history blockchain single token bloat solutions dependency solutions result estimate that this design can reduce the number transactions stored the blockchain ratio without compromising network security. white label solution making innovative blockchain features easily available for organizations and their user base. secure and convenient private blockchain solutions with direct support available from the core development team. long term the future, ardor child chains may even run their own subnet where all nodes except one are disconnected from the rest the ardor platform, thus providing the ability componentize the blockchain into domain specific sub-blockchains and prevent the need for every blockchain node process all blockchain transactions. tokens not have fixed amount and child chain owners can opt implement inflation deflation models, and even more complicated distribution mechanisms. the future, will make the child chain creation process automatic, allowing every business user launch child chain their own. technological overview business talk baas solutions crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal r&d iii. ardor and nxt feature comparison here technical comparison between the nxt and the ardor platforms: executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with functionality nxt blockchains single chain one parent chain with multiple child chains transaction tokens the same token (nxt) used for establishing the consensus and providing the security the blockchain, well for the basic unit value all transactions only the parent chain token (ardr) used the proof-of-stake consensus, and thus provides security for all child chains. child chain tokens are used transactional units value only. transaction fees transaction fees are paid nxt only, requiring users always have nxt their accounts. each chain transaction fees are paid the native token (coin) that chain. end users not need own ardr tokens. features asset exchange, monetary system, aliases, messaging, digital goods store, voting system, shuffling, data cloud, phasing, account control, account properties all these features are preserved ardor, and are available each child chain. your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal ardor child chain can optionally restricted not enable some features. the parent chain supports limited subset features, intended used for consensus establishing only and not for everyday transactions. functionality executive summary brief history nxt ardor accounts each passphrase maps single account. passphrases can't changed, and there wallet file store. the same mapping passphrases account numbers used nxt. accounts are global across all child chains, and account can have balances each the existing child chain coins, well ardor. holdings there single coin (nxt), and unlimited user-issued assets and monetary system currencies. each chain has its own coin. assets and currencies can issued any child chain, and are available for trading globally. assets currencies can optionally restricted* some child chains only. trading assets and currencies can traded for nxt only. assets and currencies can traded any child chain, with price denominated the corresponding coin. technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal nxt functionality ardor executive summary brief history coin exchange n/a new feature, coin exchange, allows trading child chain coins each other, and also the parent chain coin (ardr). dividends asset dividends can paid nxt only. asset dividends can paid any the child chain coins, simply issuing the payment transaction that child chain. additionally, paying dividends another asset currency has been implemented. asset quantity assets are issued with fixed number shares. shareholders can delete shares, but new shares can issued. new transaction type has been added, allowing the asset issuer create new shares, order perform stock split capital increase corporate actions. technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal functionality executive summary brief history nxt crowdfunding crowdfunding feature available the monetary system, but the funds must collected nxt only. crowdfunding feature available all child chains, and each child chain the funds are collected the corresponding coin. reserve and claim transactions must happen the child chain the currency was issued on. shuffling shuffling nxt, assets, and currencies available. each child chain, shuffling the corresponding coin, any asset currency, supported. aliases alias names are globally unique. alias names are unique within each child chain only. currencies currency codes and names are globally unique. currency codes and names are unique within child chain only. pruning pruning available for plain and encrypted messages, and for tagged data (data cloud feature). pruned data are retrieved automatically demand from designated archival nodes. pruning and retrieving all prunable data available nxt. addition, the child chain transactions themselves are designed prunable and will not need stored permanently re-downloaded every new node. the actual pruning transactions will implemented later.* technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with ardor your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal functionality nxt ardor executive summary brief history transaction identifiers transaction ids are -bit longs, and are globally unique. the -bit transaction ids are longer guaranteed globally unique for child chains. -bit transaction hashes (sha digests) are used instead transaction identifiers. block generation "forging" process used create new blocks, with the probability block creation dependent the account nxt balance (stake). the same forging algorithm used nxt, dependent ardr account balances only. bundling n/a new process, "bundling", used group child chain transactions into parent chain transaction ("child chain block"), which then included the parent chain. technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal any account can play the role bundler. the bundling process also performs the exchange fees paid users child chain tokens into ardr fees accepted the block forgers. functionality nxt ardor executive summary brief history technological overview phasing transaction execution can made conditional, subject approval using various voting models. same voting models nxt, but phasing possible child chains only. approval transactions can different child chain from the phased transaction, and the by-transaction voting model also supports linking transaction hash different child chain. composite phasing not available, conditional transactions can use only one voting model time. the new "smart phasing" feature allows the conditions for the execution phased transaction combined using and, or, and not boolean operators, composite voting model. this way declarative smart contracts can built top the already available voting model primitives. by-property voting model n/a new "by-property" voting model has been added, making the execution phased transaction conditional its sender account having specified property set. this can combined with the new asset control feature, allow only authorized kyc-verified accounts transact with some asset. business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal functionality executive summary brief history nxt account control accounts can restricted use phasing only (mandatory approval). asset control n/a peer networking http based, also with websocket support, transmitting json formatted data between peers. technological overview ardor same nxt, but accounts under phasing-only restriction cannot submit transactions the parent chain, those cannot phased. business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters the asset issuer can impose phasing-only restriction all transactions affecting the asset. this allows enforcing shareholder agreements that require shareholder approval, board directors approval, all transactions with company shares.* legal completely re-written and optimized, using native java sockets and binary messages between peers. block and transaction propagation has been significantly improved, exchanging and caching information about currently available blocks and transactions between peers and only propagating the missing data pieces. functionality executive summary brief history nxt ardor api http query apis, returning json formatted response. mostly unchanged, except: "chain" parameter has been added each api that child chain specific. -bit long transaction ids have been replaced with -bit hashes. all prices and rates that were previously defined relative the smallest indivisible holding amount ("qnt") are now defined relative unit the holding (share). scalability transactions are stored the blockchain permanently, and need re-downloaded and re-processed every new node, which after months and years operation becomes significant bottleneck. all child chain transactions will possible prune completely, without affecting blockchain security, thus allowing the blockchain size kept much smaller. new node joining the network only needs download the parent chain transactions, followed the latest snapshot the current system state.* technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal functionality marked with asterisk planned implemented future ardor release. all other functionality already implemented and currently being tested testnet blockchain. iii. forging and child chains executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal with the ardor platform, the single blockchain architecture replaced combination one forging chain, which transactions are denominated one token (ardr), and multiple child chains, each having its own transactional token. the forging chain supports very limited set allowed transaction types, such transfer ardr from one account another, trading ardr each the child chain tokens and back, leasing ardr balances other accounts for the purpose forging, and special type "childchainblock" transactions. the forging power each account depends its ardr balance, exactly the same way depends the nxt balance the nxt platform, with the entire consensus model remaining unchanged. all transactions that change ardr balances are recorded the forging chain, and therefore downloading and re-processing the transactions from the forging chain provides exactly the same proof-of-stake security the nxt platform. however, all transactions that only modify child chain token balances, any other account holdings (such assets currencies), are not recorded the forging chain, but only their corresponding child chains. thus, the removal ("pruning") those child chain transactions, after they are longer needed, does not affect the blockchain security, validity ardr account balances can always verified trustless manner each node. forging bundling executive summary brief history forgers bundlers technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal create ardor chain blocks consisting ardor transactions. collect fees from bundlers and from ardor transaction senders, all ardr. create child chain blocks special type ardor transactions), consisting themselves child chain transactions. collect fees from child chain transaction senders, native child chain coins. the ability forge depends the effective ardr balance the forger's account. pay fees the forgers, order have their child chain block included ardor block. forgers can decide which transactions include exclude from their block. anyone can run bundler, provided they have enough ardr pay fees the forgers. forgers can control what order transactions their block are processed, but the default based transaction arrival timestamp. bundlers can decide which transaction include the child chain block, and how much fees, any, the native token, charge for each. ardr fees are fixed, determined based transaction type and parameters, and cannot changed the forgers. bundlers cannot control what order child transactions within child block are processed. iii. transaction validation executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal the validity child chain transactions and account balances (in native tokens) must also ensured the platform, and this done anchoring them the forging chain means the above childchainblock transactions. this special transaction type contains, attachment, list one more transactions belonging single child chain, i.e. transactions denominated that child chain native token, with their execution affecting only account balances and holdings that chain. effect, such attachment represents "block" the child chain, although actual forging (block generation) done child chains. those attachments are linked the childchainblock transaction means cryptographic hash only, thus allowing the transaction signature verification performed even after the actual content the attachment has been pruned after some time. this building upon the design and technology already implemented and production use the nxt platform. the form prunable messages and prunable data (data cloud), together with network special-purpose archival nodes store them. each node running the ardor blockchain validates the transactions from all child chains before they are pruned. node downloading the blockchain from scratch will longer required fully validate child chain transactions that have already been pruned they will only verify their hashes and childchainblock transaction signature. however, this does not lower the overall blockchain security can still verify that the accounts that forged the blocks containing them were eligible forge that time, and therefore those transactions must have been validated all date nodes while their data was still available, order get included the currently-winning (best difficulty) blockchain fork. all transactions from all chains must processed all ardor nodes and these nodes carry all child chain transactions for the last blocks, until their expiration deadline, phasing finish height, whichever longer. child chain transactions will pruned completely nodes not configured archive them longer than this minimum retention period, but those that do, known archival nodes, can opt store one more child chains longer indefinitely. executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal addition forging chain transactions and blocks, each node needs store the current state all accounts, represented balances native child chain tokens, asset and monetary system balances, account properties, aliases, and all other objects and account holdings that are created result transactions. any state that might needed for validation future transactions must kept. but once the rolling fork resolution limit blocks has passed, older state (i.e. the values such balances and holdings) longer needs kept. such state being removed ("trimmed") even now, however the current system node that downloads the blockchain from scratch reprocessing all past transactions, thus re-creating each past state and trimming goes along. the ardor platform, those old transactions will also have been pruned, re-creating past state order arrive current state will longer possible. solve this issue, snapshots and snapshot propagation will implemented. periodically, each node will calculate snapshot the state all derived objects, and hash this snapshot will included the current block its forger. all nodes that are date and the same fork already have exactly the same state, and thus will able verify this hash (and reject the block invalid). protocol will defined which nodes that are out date, downloading the blockchain from scratch, are able request the latest snapshot from date nodes, validate based its hash being included the blockchain, and download decentralized manner. this way such nodes will catch with the latest system state, bypassing the need re-process all old transactions, that are already pruned. executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal the snapshot data itself does not need propagate through the network when the snapshot hash calculated. each node that date already has the state all child chains, can generate such snapshot for itself. must only validate that the hash the forger calculated for the snapshot indeed matches its own snapshot. fees child chains are denominated the chains native tokens, but the forging chain block forgers still accept fees the forging token (ardr) only. convert fees collected child chain tokens ardr, the role "bundlers", childchainblock creators, has been introduced. any account can serve creator childchain block, provided willing accept the fees (in native token) collected from the transactions the childchainblock, and exchange pay the required fee (in ardr) the forging chain block forger. this establishes market rate for child chain token ardr token. the fee native token offered transaction sender too low current market rate, when converted ardr, one will willing bundle such transaction into childchainblock, and the sender must resubmit the transaction with higher fee. child chain token loses value completely and no-one willing exchange ardr, transaction processing that child chain will naturally stop unless someone interested keeping alive willing subsidize it, creating childchainblocks and paying the expected ardr fees the forgers, while getting worthless (by free market rate) native tokens return. child chains compete with each other for inclusion into block, since the end the forgers will still look the fee/size ratio for each transaction and will want maximize their forging profits, subject main chain block size and transaction numbers limits. ardor sequence events executive summary brief history technological overview (paid btc) business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal legend ardor chain transaction bitcoin chain transaction bccb bitcoin childchainblock ignis chain transaction iccb ignis childchainblock prospective pegged child chain iii. comparison between side chains and child chains executive summary would like emphasize that side chains and ardor child chains are not the same. the differences are described below: brief history technological overview side chains ardor child chains side chains are independent blockchains that have kind "pegging mechanism", where least one the chains (main chain and side chain) "aware" the other chain and both tokens are pegged set ratio. side chains need their own network security and block processing. "child chains" the ardor platform are tightly integrated into the main ardor parent chain. all transactions are processed and secured the parent chain forgers. this makes cross-chain transactions possible. pruning will enabled child chain transactions order significantly reduce blockchain bloat pruning the transactions regular basis from the blockchain. transactions executed between the locks and unlocks the main chain tokens don't bloat the main chain. the technology side chain connected its main chain, can used build the developments the main chain and introduce new features the market. child chains serve the transactional chains the parent-child architecture, the parent chain retains minimal features. business talk crowdsale details structure our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal function executive summary risk brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details advantage our accountability with side chains ardor child chains side chains are responsible for their own security and could attacked there not enough mining power secure it. child chains rely the ardor parent chain for their security, long the parent chain has enough forging power all child chains are secure. the main chain compromised, the side chain can still operate, though its peg will likely lose significant value. security provided the ardor parent chain and therefore all child chain cooperate secure the same network; child chains can access the same global entities, such assets and currencies; child chain tokens can securely traded the blockchain; simple setup (blockchain development skills not required); multiple features pre-installed (can disabled launch desired). your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal use cases implemented staging for main chain developments; realistic testnet (funds risk); semi-centralized chain; pegged chains. pegged chains; simple blockchain service solution; semi-private blockchain; prototyping and research. the initial design was published blockstream but the implementation blocked the lack native support for spv proofs bitcoin (which may not added all). rootstock workaround this sacrificing decentralization (still work progress). ardor launch scheduled for iii. pegged child chains executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal the ability child chain tokens have their independent market value, without this affecting the security the whole platform, allows one important use case that deserves further mention the creation pegged child chains. third party businesses can peg the value their child chain token fiat currency, other cryptocurrency, thus allowing all transactions this child chain effectively denominated that external currency. when such pegged child chains are added the ardor platofrm, users will have the choice pricing their asset ask/bid orders fiat, selling their marketplace goods with prices fiat, asset issuers will able pay dividends calculated fiat, etc. this opens the door conducting seemless transactions with fiat over the blockchain. furthermore, the existence multiple child chains pegged different external currencies will allow users trade them for each other using the coin exchange functionality, effectively using ardor decentralized foreign exchange ("forex") platform. iii. why need ignis? fully decentralized child chain executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal while the ardor platform can have multiple child chains with similar features, only the ignis child chain will created with restrictions. other child chain creators would have the ability set certain restrictions, for example disabling the decentralized marketplace feature should they prefer have centralized marketplace for their business. they may also choose set overall goals other rules that not everyone may agree with, well possibly control the supply future distribution the coins used their child chain. the ardor platform will capable supporting permissioned child chains that can impose further restrictions their users such kyc, aml, personal data protection, time-limited data retention, local securities trading laws for asset issuers, etc. but the ignis child chain will permissionless, available the general public, with restrictions who can transact it. increased tradability the token the interoperability the ardor platform and the organic connection between all child chains which will exist the platform will allow the users ignis have easy access the other child chains and benefit from the services they may provide inside the platform. while every child chain uses its own coin, objects such assets are global that assets issued using the ignis child chain can still traded all other child chains and vice versa. ignis can also traded for any other child chain coin well ardr using the coin exchange feature. how access the features ignis child chain? ignis the native operational token ignis the first child chain ardor. order access the features the ignis child chain, users will require the ignis tokens. short, ignis the entry point ardor innovative platform built the solid proven foundation the nxt blockchain. ignis gives access the rich functionality the platform and the unrestricted features the permissionless ignis child chain, such asset exchange, coin exchange, account properties, messaging, aliases, marketplace, voting, conditional transactions, composite phasing, etc. iv. business talk executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal iv. revenue sources consulting jelurida has identified three primary revenue streams based the nxt and ardor blockchain protocol. the revenue sources will help jelurida self-sustainable project the medium long term. jelurida will provide consulting services such modification the existing features building custom functionality fit the needs each client. with this service, the changes applied are done the creators the platform itself, done efficient and secure manner. other consulting services will also available, such the verification potential use case applications with our technology high technical level. consulting not only for businesses but also for large range organisations and public authorities about the potential benefits integrating the blockchain technology their operations. child chain creation and customization the unique structure the ardor platform will allow the creation customized child chains with their own native tokens. though each child chain will come with all features that will found the ignis child chain, some features can disabled and additional ones needed for specific child chain can developed. even after the future implementation user-created child chains, jelurida will still able provide child chain creation services, heavy customization required, such child chain coin inflation the ability for the child chain creator generate more child chain tokens. paid maintenance and support the child chains will part this service. revenue sharing with businesses which extract revenue from their child chains (such pegged real currencies btc child chains) another possible income source. private chain licensing both nxt and ardor, after launches early will available for organizations license for private chain solutions. though open source, changes are made and closed sourced, license from jelurida would required. private chain licensing will help enterprises not only have secure private blockchain solution, but also have one directly supported the core developers the technology, all while being executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials able keep their changes closed source. part this service are the charged per blockchain instance runtime licenses, maintenance and support. addition these sources revenue, will also explore other secondary sources: secondary revenue sources team and supporters legal custom plugin development bundler services archival node services whitelabel wallet creation executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details wait second...why bundler service? this make sure that the transactions child chain are included the parent chain. course, any user any child chain can bundler, but some businesses could prefer outsource this task service provider. the same applies tasks like running archival nodes our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal will also explore other potential monetization areas: paid premium services the ardor platform like in-wallet ads charging for promotion certain child chain services the wallet itself; integration exchanges and payment providers the wallet allow conversion child chain coins other crypto currencies, pegged fiat btc child chains etc., and revenue sharing with them. iv. targeted industries executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters cryptocurrency and finance white label token creation pegged child chains asset and currency tokenization public organizations supply chain secure voting parts tracking transparency design verification identity verification logistics public notary dividend payments legal the financial and banking sectors have undoubtedly been the last years some the most eager industries embrace the advantages the blockchain technology. cross-border transactions, mirror accounts, trade finance, money transfer, digitalized payments and insurance tracking can all benefit from the distributed and trustless nature the blockchain. ardor, being written java, scalable and secure, the perfect choice not only for the above-mentioned use cases but also, thanks its rich functionality, for asset and securities issuance, management, trading, and dividend payments. and much more ... executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal payment providers, exchanges, and money transmitters can create pegged fiat currency child chain, can provide asset and currency tokenization, allowing their clients transact easily the blockchain their national currency. fact, not only big financial institutions can use blockchain such ardor their operations. due its scalability and the parent-child architecture the energy and hardware requirements for using child chain are minimal that practically even smes can digitalize their company's internal processes for transparency, security and efficiency while the extremely flexible voting feature can used facilitate the shareholders meetings. public authorities, both local and national level, are also experimenting with integrating blockchain technology various sectors like tracking government payments, digital identity management, real estate recording, notarial services and not the last place for optimizing the highly expensive old-fashioned and not secure way voting. legal professionals can use for time stamping documents, proof existence, secure messaging, digital signatures etc. for all these use cases highly adaptable, flexible and cost-efficient blockchain architecture needed order satisfy the diversity and complexity the tasks ahead. for example, kyc aml procedures are required personal data retention protection need place, the platform has able implement that too. the ardor blockchain using various transaction types which can easily built upon modified address such conditions and proof that the variety features already implemente, tested, and proven the nxt blockchain. other use cases the ardor platform can logistics, parts tracking, mobile roaming, recording system logs events, recording donations non-profit organizations, traditional crowdfunding, financial return based crowdfunding etc. speaking more generally, every time when people organizations need business together but they not trust each other, every time when system without single point failure has used immutable ledger needed, there room for blockchain technology and the ardor platform fits such needs perfectly. iv. timeline executive summary technical roadmap from nxt ardor brief history technological overview crowdsale details testimonials team and supporters nxt initial release token distribution and implementation proof-of-stake alias system your contributions digital goods store, balance leasing, encrypted messages, alias transfer our accountability with nxt light/roaming client modes, ardor development starts dynamic fees, funding monitor legal ardor public testnet launch offline transaction signing, account ledger, peer services graphical installer voting system, phasing, prunable messages testnet launched arbitrary message and asset exchange technical enhancement major refactoring, use database for storing derived tables instead in-memory data coin shuffling, account control, data cloud ignis ico infrastructure nxt, smart phasing ardor resolve any issues discovered post-launch and ensure stability cross-chain coin exchange, childchainblock transactions, bundling, peer networking layer ardor snapshot logic pruning feature implemented mainnet technical enhancement business talk extensive load testing nxt ardor research phase nxt mobile app, ardor development ardor mainnet launch spawn child chains and necessary migration pruning feature activation testnet crowdsale details executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal ignis and ardr will allocated user accounts the ardor genesis block. their distribution will based one-time snapshot conducted over the nxt blockchain, the "ardor genesis snapshot", performed least two weeks after the end the last round the ignis crowdsale and shortly before the ardor launch. ignis distribution the total amount ignis coins issued will equal half the amount nxt coins existing the nxt blockchain the time the ardor genesis snapshot, plus (five hundred million). already promised, approximately half the ignis coins will reserved and distributed automatically the nxt holders based their account balances the time the ardor genesis snapshot, ratio nxt ignis. from the remaining (five hundred million) ignis, (four hundred and forty million) will offered the general public the ignis crowdsale (conducted using jlrda tokens owe you' basis and (sixty million) will kept jelurida. the funds raised during the ignis crowdsale will used for the further development, maintenance, advancement, and world-wide promotion the nxt and ardor blockchain platforms, well protecting the intellectual property the code base. crowdsale infrastructure the token sale itself will conducted the nxt blockchain platform. "controllable currency" called jlrda will issued and offered for sale several consecutive rounds. the price the jlrda tokens will denominated nxt and will increase each round, with full details the table below. each round will last for one week and there will least one-week break between subsequent rounds. *jlrda tokens give the right receive ignis tokens the time the ardor launch. jlrda tokens are not transferable tradable between accounts and for jlrda, the crowdsale participant will receive ignis the time ardor genesis snapshot. executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions being controllable currency, the jlrda tokens will not tradeable transferable between user accounts. the purchased jlrda currency units will only serve proof ownership and initial ignis balance for the ardor genesis snapshot. controllable currency was chosen prevent trades from happening while the token sale ongoing that purchases jlrda directly contribute funding the development the platform. purchasing jlrda tokens will require nxt. users will able exchange other cryptocurrencies nxt conveniently within the nxt wallet using the integrated shapeshift and changelly third party exchanges, subject availability. testimonials team and supporters legal dates jlrda tokens for sale price jlrda nxt aug aug aug sep sep sep sep sep oct oct executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal for jlrda token the participants the ignis crowdsale will receive ignis coin the time the ardor genesis snapshot. the last batch jlrda tokens will reduced tokens allocated jelurida for promotional and marketing use. jelurida will keep nxt (but not more than nxt) the nxt coins collected the crowdsale. jelurida will convert the rest the collected nxt fiat btc, but reserves the right portions, later time depending market conditions. case any batch sold out before the end the designated time frame, the next round will still start scheduled. any batch not sold completely the end the designated time frame, the remaining unsold jlrda tokens will added the next batch. not all the jlrda tokens are sold the end the last batch, jelurida reserves the right decide what with the unsold amount depending the outcome the crowdsale. note: due the high market volatility, jelurida reserves the right postpone modify the schedule the ico the market conditions change significantly. v.. roadmap the utilization the money executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions the contributions raised jelurida will used for the research and development the ardor blockchain platform and subsequent child chains, the maintenance the nxt blockchain, and for business development and marketing. this section, underline the business setup that will able construct based upon the contribution from the ignis crowdsale. legal benefits: level eur million nxt blockchain maintenance for least years after the ignis crowdsale porting features nxt where possible and not depending the parent-child architecture. support for existing community tools and services one representation office for meetings with users/clients the ardor/ignis blockchain attendance some blockchain conventions and conferences development the ability for automated child chain creation, still primarily done jelurida benefits: team: nxt blockchain maintenance for least year (security critical bug fixes only) propose the following plan depending the total contribution which receive: testimonials team and supporters level eur million eur million migration assistance for projects nxt ardor team: senior developers sysadmin/quality assurance/support consultant/sales engineer legal advisor server-side developers sales engineers/consultants sysadmins/quality assurance /support developer and mobile expert cryptographer legal advisor business development specialist level eur million eur milliion benefits: executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal all level benefits child chain subnet research and development, allow child chain transactions processed dedicated subnet nodes for even greater scalability additional support for user-created child chains parent chain pruning research and development reduce growth caused the parent chain itself provisioning blockchain nodes major cloud providers further development and attention the the core wallets, including mobile versions further support for existing community tools and services team: sales engineers/consultants developers server-side developers quality assurance support representatives legal advisors business development specialists cryptographer human resource manager and mobile expert managing director sysadmin level eur million eur million benefits: executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters all level benefits additional focus r&d develop acquire additional technologies such as: decentralized storage zero-knowledge proofs ring signatures directed acyclic graph (dag) implementations formal partnerships with educational and research institutions expansion consulting services and partnerships with other consulting service providers expansion significant business presence the worldwide market legal team: sales engineers/consultants developers server-side developers legal advisors business development specialists quality assurance support representatives director research and development cryptographer human resource manager and mobile expert managing director sysadmin level between eur million and eur million benefits: executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions all level benefits further research and implementation, where possible, new technologies incubator and accelerator partnerships comprehensive support for startups using ardor fully licensed in-house pegged child chains promotion academic research and development blockchain and cryptocurrency two physical offices (one financial hub) testimonials team and supporters team: legal sales engineers/consultants developers server-side developers legal advisors business development specialists quality assurance support representatives director research and development cryptographer human resource manager and mobile expert managing director sysadmin executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal please note that will not collect more than eur net, excluding all ignis crowdsale related commissions, marketing, legal and organizational expenses. reach eur any remaining unsold ignis (excluding the ignis already reserved for jelurida) will distributed proportionally all other ignis holders the time the ardor genesis snapshot including both ignis crowdsale participants and nxt holders, the other the unsold ignis being kept byjelurida. the amount collected exceeds eur will not conduct the remaining batches the sales schedule, however any nxt already collected excess the nxt reserved for jelurida will still sold. not reach eur jelurida will keep all remaining unsold ignis. executive summary vi. our accountability with your contributions brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal believe that have transparent with the contributors the ignis crowdsale well the wider community. so, will make sure that all parties are informed how have spent the contributed resources which will collecting through the ignis crowdsale. therefore, propose prepare business report that will include information regarding how have spent the contributed money towards the development the company and its technologies the end each fiscal year. will disclose the following information the business report the public our website: percentage contributed amount spent the preceding year, commencing from the date the conclusion the ignis crowdsale the last report end date percentage contributed amount spent product development, one fiscal year, commencing from the date the conclusion the ignis crowdsale the last report end date; percentage contributed amount spent marketing and expenses, one fiscal year, commencing from the date the conclusion the ignis crowdsale the last report end date; percentage contributed amount spent further research and development, one fiscal year, commencing from the date the conclusion the ignis crowdsale the last report end date. executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal how propose divulge the information the information will delivered the public through the jelurida official website (https://www.jelurida.com/). when the information will divulged the first business report will communicated the public within the first quarter the first business report will pertain the information the cloning issues fiscal year commencing from the fourth quarter until the third quarter the business report will communicated rolling basis, annually, until the contributed amount has been exhausted jelurida sa. who will prepare the business report the business report will prepared independent third party appointed the jelurida sa. the appointment the independent third party jelurida for the purpose the preparation the business report will final. dispute regarding the same will entertained. vii. testimonials executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions bitswift wants ensure the security and longevity their tokens. migrating them secure blockchain infrastructure such ardor, the bitswift team can focus utility applications for the bitswift tokens rather than blockchain infrastructure dealings which beast its own. through migrating the ardor platform inherit wealth options for our tokens, most notably fully featured api from which can build out applications provide extended utility for our tokens. testimonials paul busch, founder bitswift (future child chain ardor) team and supporters janus tokens are moving the ardor platform consider natural evolution the project. increased focus business with the ardor blockchain aligns with our company goals building multi-industry business empire. legal the janus project team (future asset ardor) the nice part ardor that creating something completely new again and fixes issues that most blockchains have, like blockchain-bloat. motherchain with multiple child chains. forging with ardor for many blockchains brilliant and could gain much attention and brings mining new level. peter farla, founder farlawebmedia and linkbuilding.io, community member since executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal the unique design introduced the core developers will make easier for lot business and consumers interact with the blockchain. knowing that there development team working for more than two years the concept passionate about, really want see what the ardor network can host. ruben bueno castro, writer nxter magazine, community member since may ardor's (child) chains improve scaling even further, making most transactions prunable. will allow for cheap transactions without compromising security, that many new exciting applications will become economically viable. brangdon, community member since april ardor ahead the times. think the long term will important not only prevent blockchain bloat, but also offer simple way creating new blockchains while its users should not worry with the technical difficulties. with the ardor platform now becomes possible for basically every business set its own blockchain without having worry about security issues. this altogether quite exciting think. neomadra, community member since march simply put, the nxt developers know what there are doing and they always deliver their promises. i've followed the team since the early beginning nxt's existence and the project has advanced the abilities secured decentralized applications tremendously. nxt also green blockchain technology and like this. i'm totally staggered. the ardor platform the natural expansion nxt where blockchain scalability addressed. contrary the bitcoin scaling solution currently the table, ardor's solution improves the global decentralization the network instead reducing it. the ideas multiple fully featured child chains also extremely welcomed this increases the synergy around the ardor platform. sincerely, you got take deep look this serious and impressive project! sebastien, community member since december executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal ardor taking nxt the next level. based more than three years experience with nxt, the core team showed successfully all its genius developing new concepts that overcome present shortcomings classic cryptocoins. handling blockchain bloat, scaling, shorter transaction times, implementing smart transactions (without neglecting security issues), and separation forging tokens from transactional tokens come mind. community member since the solved blockchain-bloat problem really big thing, not only for nxt/ardor but also for crypto whole. sure that will lead ardor top position the baas branch. logan, community member since excited because believe solves simple, but hard problem: scaling and onboarding. just this month, turned out lot value was risk due problem with one smart contract parity. ardor should allow such initiatives enter crypto with less risk. bas wisselink, nxt foundation founder and advisor, community member since december love that the tech has been working without hitch since the beginning. that track record unusually good. but the great community nxt really above all else what kept around. the altcoin space general very toxic and full spammers (see bitcointalk). imagine that got especially developer-types attracted, that then spawned lot good projects off- and around nxt. the use case for the child currencies perfect for businesses and community projects: they can use the infrastructure ardor without users having get the ardor currency. thomas veil, community member since executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal after almost four years, still don't know any active cryptocurrency platform that can beat nxt versatility and accessibility. can many things, simple way, using great api, and works. the nxt community has been also exceptional think tank and nursery for many cool projects crypto. great place these years. ardor literally new dimension the ecosystem. and nxt terrific blueprint for custom blockchains joan manel vilaseca, nxt foundation partner, community member since december nxt was, is, and will remain, the ultimate blockchain. but every blockchain, limited blockchain size, which means, term long term business planing, despite all you can hear around the blockchains these days, due transactions competition, only business dealing with very high value transactions (or very rare) are safe organize activities around blockchains. the lower, the value the transactions, the shorter, the duration where any activity can survive with the use blockchains (unless plans for decrease usage frequency). with childchain pruning, ardor the nxt answer this limit, widen the scope usability, because largely increases the time any business can consider able benefit from the blockchains. short, ardor crucial step toward mainstream blockchain adoption. the step the dream team that already deployed the ultimate blockchain which running without single record incident for nearly years! websioux, community member since december viii. team and supporters executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal kristina kalcheva lior yaffe kristina kalcheva legal specialist and co-founder jelurida. she has master law and international relations degree from sofia university and has been working legal advisor for seven years. lior yaffe, co-founder and managing director jelurida has b.a. computer science from the technion haifa. has years experience design, development and deployment enterprise applications for large corporations. before establishing jelurida, lior lead the development and product management leading mainframe integration product software ag. lior true believer blockchain technology and its potential change the world. legal expert she has experience with private, national, european, and international law. her professional skills are the area human rights and intellectual property rights protection both national and international level. part her job the company explore the different open source licensing models and their enforceability practice. the last two years her professional interests are also focused researching the various possibilities and use cases applying blockchain technology real life areas and the arising legal challenges along the way. software engineer executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal petko petkov tomislav gountchev petko petkov software developer with experience financial software, productivity tools and games. has bsc informatics and msc electronic governance from sofia university. petko began his career mobile java developer. later switched server-side java software, and for two and half years worked system for e-invoicing. returned mobile development, and since then writing mostly platform-independent c++ and java for android. outside his day job has been dealing with various other technologies including javascript, java and python. being generally interested social science, started exploring the crypto world and later became contributor the nxt project. tomislav gountchev server-side java developer with more than years professional experience. has scientific background, having obtained b.a. natural sciences from cambridge university, and ph.d. chemistry from berkeley. after academia, tomislav made career switch and worked software engineer for e-commerce companies the silicon valley, nextag and ebay, with particular interest java search engine technology. later co-founded nabble, website for hosted public forums, where spent several years senior java engineer, responsible for the design and implementation multiple backend components. briefly worked r&d software engineer for open source enterprise cms company the netherlands, before becoming interested blockchain technology. software engineer software engineer ignis crowdsale supporters executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with primary translations chinese translation ryan german translation andreas french translation gabriel francesh japanese translation ryochi watanabe and taiichi fox spanish translation ruben bueno castro and jose your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal the team complemented the constant support from the nxt foundation, nxter magazine, well nxt and ardor community members. jelurida also gives special thanks jean-luc, long-time volunteer contributor and developer nxtand ardor. would also like thank andrii for his support designing this whitepaper. service providers executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal kpmg has been one our earliest partners who helped jelurida navigate the switzerland's legal framework. they helped jelurida make the legal structure for the launch the ignis crowdsale, coordinated contact with the regulatory and tax authorities and supported jelurida the drafting the legal opinion (both legal and regulatory) and finalizing the legal aspect related the whitepaper. wintertaling corporate m&a: our lawyers and notaries the netherlands advising jelurida dutch corporate, organizational, intellectual property protection and licensing related matters. they also help research the legal aspects the blockchain and distributed ledger technology. stp taxlawyers: our dutch tax lawyers, advising all corporate and related tax matters, both national and international. stp taxlawyers ensures that are compliant and optimized from international tax perspective. andrii savdeiev: graphic/motion designer who served businesses and individuals all over the world and countless industries. his specialties include designing all kinds marketing visual assets well the animated videos. sicos coordinated with various partners the crowdsale, assisted with drafting the whitepaper from business and marketing perspective (non-legal and non-technical part) and has been the key partner for all and other strategic activities. agavon agavon has provided consultation services primarily focused business strategy and related content the whitepaper well advisory services other related areas the operation jelurida. they have also assisted with the overall execution the ignis crowdsale. community outreach services executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters chainshome l.d studio chainshome provided outreach services the chinese community for the promotion nxt and ardor aiding the direct communication with the community such through meetups and events. l.d studio provided media creation, editing, and consultancy services primarily targeted the existing and prospective chinese community order improve communication and understanding. inaction technology kotoba translation inaction technology provided community outreach services the chinese community well aided with communication such through their website ardorfans.org for the promotion the ardor platform. kotoba translation provided the korean translations for our documents and other content make our technology and offerings more accessible the korean community and market. legal executive summary ix. legal brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal general information the jlrda token temporary technical coin, which only gives you the right receive the ignis token. the ignis token will allow access the services provided the ignis child chain the ardor blockchain platform. the sale jlrda token and the ignis token final and non-refundable. the jlrda token and the ignis token not have the legal qualification security, since they not give any rights dividend interest. the jlrda token and the ignis token are not shares and not give any right participate the general meeting jelurida sa. the jlrda token and the ignis token cannot have performance particular value outside the nxt and ardor/ignis blockchain respectively. the purchase and use jlrda token and the ignis token shall therefore not done for speculative usage investment purposes. the purchaser the jlrda token and ignis token aware that national securities laws, which ensure that investors are sold investments that include all the proper disclosures and are subject regulatory scrutiny for investors' protection, are not applicable. any person purchasing any jlrda token and ignis token, expressly acknowledge and represent that (s)he/it have carefully reviewed this white paper and fully understand the risks, costs and benefits associated with the purchase jlrda token and the ignis token indicated the white paper and the terms and conditions. knowledge required the purchaser jlrda token and the ignis token undertakes that (s)he/it understands and has significant experience cryptocurrencies, blockchain systems and services, and that (s)he/it fully understands the risks associated with the token sale well the mechanism related the use cryptocurrencies (incl. storage). executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal jelurida shall not responsible for any loss jlrda token ignis token situations making impossible access jlrda token the ignis token, which may result from any actions omissions the user any person undertaking acquire jlrda token and the ignis token, well case malicious third party (hacker) attacks. risks acquiring jlrda token and the ignis token and storing involves various risks, particular that jelurida may not able launch its operations and develop its blockchain and provide the services promised. therefore, and prior acquiring jlrda token and the ignis token, any user should carefully consider the risks, costs, and benefits acquiring jlrda token and the ignis token within the crowdsale and usage the ignis wallet, and, necessary, obtain any independent advice this regard. any interested person being not the position accept nor understand the risks associated the activity (incl. the risks related the non-development jelurida network and operations) any other risks indicated the terms conditions the crowdsale, should not acquire jlrda token and the ignis token, this stage ever later. important disclaimer this white paper shall not and cannot considered invitation enter into investment. does not constitute relate any way nor should considered offering securities any jurisdiction. the white paper does not include nor contain any information indication that might considered recommendation that might used base any investment decision on. the jlrda token and the ignis token are just currency token and are not intended used investment. the offering jlrda, ignis, nxt and ardr token trading platform not changing the legal qualification the token, which remain simple means for the use the nxt, ardor and ignis blockchain and not security. jelurida not considered advisor any legal, tax financial matters. any information the white paper given for general information purpose only and jelurida does not provide with any warranty the accuracy and completeness this information. executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal jelurida swiss will operative entity managing the ignis blockchain and ardor blockchain. therefore, jelurida not financial intermediary according swiss law and not required obtain any authorization for anti money laundering purpose. acquiring jlrda token and the ignis token shall not grant any right influence over jeluirda swiss organization and governance the purchasers. regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated cryptocurrencies the world. that respect, regulatory measures, investigations actions may impact jelurida sa's business and even limit prevent from developing its operations the future. any person undertaking acquire jlrda token and the ignis token must aware that the jelurida business model, the white paper terms and conditions may change need modified because new regulatory and compliance requirements from any applicable laws any jurisdictions. such case, purchasers and any person undertaking acquire jlrda token and the ignis token acknowledge and understand that neither jelurida nor any its affiliate shall held liable for any direct indirect loss damages caused such changes. jelurida will its best launch its operations and develop ardor and ignis blockchain. any person undertaking acquire jlrda token and the ignis token acknowledge and understand that jelurida does not provide any guarantee that will manage achieve it. they acknowledge and understand therefore that jelurida (incl. its bodies and employees) assumes liability responsibility for any loss damage that would result from relate the incapacity use the jlrda token and the ignis token, excepted case intentional misconduct gross negligence. representation and warranties participating the token sale, the purchaser agrees the above and particular, they represent and warrant that they: have read carefully the terms and conditions attached the white paper; agree their full contents and accept legally bound them; are above years old have reached the age which are qualified enter into contractual relationship the country residence; executive summary brief history technological overview business talk crowdsale details our accountability with your contributions testimonials team and supporters legal are not citizen resident; have full authorization act behalf the legal entity which will purchase the jlrda token and the ignis token, acting behalf legal entity; live jurisdiction which allows the jelurida sell the jlrda token and the ignis token through crowdsale without requiring any local authorisation; will not use the crowdsale for any illegal activity, including but not limited money laundering and the financing terrorism; have sufficient knowledge about the nature the cryptographic tokens and have significant experience with, and functional understanding of, the usage and intricacies dealing with cryptographic tokens and currencies and blockchain-based systems and services; are familiar with all related regulations the specific jurisdiction which s(he)/it based and that purchasing cryptographic tokens that jurisdiction not prohibited, restricted subject additional conditions any kind; (participants cannot contribute the token sale there are applicable legal restrictions their country residence. the responsibility each participant know these laws and take them into consideration before their participation the token sale) purchase jlrda tokens because s(he)/it wish have access the ignis child chain and the whole ardor blockchain platform and use their various functionality and/or because s(he)/it wish support the further development and marketing the ardor platform and/or because s(he)/it wish facilitate development, testing, deployment and operation blockchain-based related applications; are not purchasing jlrda token and the ignis token for the purpose speculative investment usage; waive the right participate class action lawsuit class-wide arbitration against the jelurida swiss and its affiliate parties. governing law and arbitration all the disputes, controversy arising from under the crowdsale shall resolved arbitration accordance with the swiss rules international arbitration the swiss chambers commerce force the date when the notice arbitration submitted accordance with these rules. the arbitration panel shall consist one arbitrator only. the seat the arbitration shall lugano, switzerland. the arbitral proceedings shall conducted english. copyright (c) jelurida swiss