jewel global diamond commodity exchange white paper transforming jewel into new financial asset class introduction market review jewellery market project basis diamond market status quo blockchain project standards and transparency: jedex digital diamond certificate jedex trading categories joint investment short sales functional and non-functional requirements for jewel jewel. finance features jewel.finance market trends and prospects team and partners jewel jewel roadmap conclusion introduction jewel was made dispense the limit between the exemplary trading market and the digital currency market. view three stages, jewel enables you play out wide range budgetary exchanges with both fiat cash and digital money. change from fiat cash crypto coins and the other way around still introduces specific trouble and this way the customary market with everyday turnover trillion dollars and multi-billion crypto advertise are yet isolated from one another. such manner, troubles are made for fiat holders and other advanced resources. our undertaking enables our financial specialists deal with their funds the same stage, which spares them from such issues. beneath portray more detail the items, our vision the task, few subtleties and approaches actualize. the present market diamonds are unpredictable resource since they are not compatible, there major hole between worldwide money related markets and the diamonds eco system. dissimilar different valuable resources, hard have solitary advanced trademark, the grounds that most the assertions the diamonds eco system are private understandings. diamonds are themselves not equivalent one another many qualities and the very idea liquidity hard credit these diamonds. furthermore, diamond exchanging from the earlier happens utilizing fiat cash. for dealers these tasks are inaccessible and, this manner, there comparing the web stage for making such exchanges. underneath depict detail our vision how beat change from the present circumstance the diamond market future model web based exchanging with such novel budgetary resource like jewels. account the diamond computerized testament innovation, our jedex stage will eliminate the compatibility issue and accomplish full straightforwardness the market estimation jewels. what more, will likewise give blockchain stage jewel exchanging. the articulations buyer interest for jewels have started move lately. first, diamonds were utilized just jewels, however this point jewels have turned out significantly more frequently viewed ventures and now the interest for diamonds speculations has risen the all-out estimation the diamonds biological community showcase was that point billion dollars. till the present time diamonds stay only elective sort venture. there are three primary factors that limit diamond exchanging. absence solitary cost since none the diamonds can considered tradable because the way there endless amount attributes for every individual jewel. absence straightforward costs and certain gauges the diamond eco system. absence liquidity, which makes practically difficult move jewels genuine market cost. the item can get diamonds digital certificate, important consider two viewpoints: the change diamond from one kind advantage for benefit that has definite showcase esteem, and the making exchanging stage that will permit the exchange turnover with diamonds. therefore, our venture faces few inquiries: how guarantee the straightforwardness the estimation jewels available? how compose reciprocal jewel exchange turnover? how guarantee the rule compatibility jewels? jewellery market the jewel stage will one-stop-shop its pith, which will conceivable any exchange with both fiat and digital currency. buying, stockpiling and dealing any identical will accessible clients, and the entire jewel framework will furnished with jewel coin, which has genuine market esteem. intended for two stages and based ethereum framework. jewel coin holders will have few points interest that are portrayed this report. project basis progress diamonds another advantage class diamond trade for retail clients market potential= billion dollars patented and protected algorithm officially accessible the site amazing team ground-breaking results open organization financing diamond market status quo such classification benefits diamonds dependably conveys steady salary financial specialists and investors, and diamonds have enduring worth, which makes them alluring resource for dealers. states the budgetary market instability, valuable stones have request greatness progressively steady costs, spite the fact that they bring less pay for specific timeframes. incidentally, today hard move diamonds reasonable cost, since the cutting edge diamond ecosystem includes purchasing diamonds from people jewels stores low cost and all assertions depend the framework. blockchain project light the blockchain innovation, which includes peer-peer network, the jewel venture includes opening jewels speculation, and furthermore takes care the issue evaluating stones. the blockchain innovation, settling many bookkeeping issues, now getting across the board all through the world and utilized numerous vital businesses. jewel utilizes the blockchain framework ethereum for its needs, which utilizes all programming dialects actualize savvy contracts. the principle undertaking the jewel framework take care the issue the hole between the conventional diamond ecosystem and the advanced money related markets. all global diamond holders who need contribute exchange their diamond resources through the most straightforward exchange procedure will converged the jewel stage. the jewel's establishments are the blockchain innovation, the protected innovation, the jewel coin and the diamond digital certificate. standards and transparency: jedex jewel goes against the most troublesome errand the individuals who keep the progress diamonds into the class money related resources, systematization gemological information and the foundation transparency and consistency the diamonds evaluation. the jedex machine learning calculation will utilize information worldwide diamond stores, will almost certainly foresee the consequences the appraisal and factual examination valuing. utilizing jewel. financial specialists and brokers will approach diagnostic information, account which they will probably settle educated choices when making speculations. the information amassed jewel will consistently broken down and utilized for the evaluating calculation. the jedex anticipated diamond appraisal exactness digital diamond certificate private proprietor merchant who needs arrange their possessions can make smart contract utilizing jewel diamond digital certificate. this agreement budgetary offer for the clearance diamonds. after affirmation everything being correct, diamonds are returned the overseer with gia endorsement. towards the finish the endorsement, made and sent the digital wallet the proprietor diamond smart contract. further, the proprietor can alternatively list his contract jedex exchange sell himself. jedex trading exchange, purchasers unhesitatingly buy affirmed diamond which affirmed the gia. blocking technology the diamond digital certificate creation using the blockchain technology the underlying stage, smart contract will made, utilizing straightforward interface, which will contain all the data (gemological information and extra data) about the basic resource, i.e, diamond. indicated our figuring's, amid the blockchain-based jewel ecosystem, the diamond ecosystem will let "valuable contracts" another kind diamond trading. the finished diamond moves the registration stage, the gemological research facility. the research facility, subsequent looking the diamond, specific grouping allotted it, after which the lab records the diamond for the diamond smart contract utilizing the open jewel platform. this report incorporates the accompanying focuses: gia enrolment wallet, exchange history and their information, make system for compatibility. after the contract creation process, the diamond sent the overseer. digital diamond exchanging will proceed until the valuable stone stops the last phase its motivation, that is, will either money related resource the jedex trade bought item. all exchanges through the jewel coin will have commission; diamond source and exchanges are joined documentation; exchanges will work dependably and rapidly and furthermore without the investment unapproved people; the blockchain innovation enables you function straightforwardly could allowed, light the fact that everybody can gather and study information just investigate. merchants who need buy diamond diamond subsidiaries dependent the jewel smart understanding are required buy jewel coin for further exchange. instalment jewel coin enables the count the accompanying providers: gemological research center, watchman, protection, transport. for merchants, opening short positions can utilize jewel coin cover insurance and acquired reserves. merchants' portfolios can fill insurance, acquire the jewel coin credit. the absolute first year, the jewel's dynamic clients are relied upon develop, since the jedex trade will open new markets extending its own exercises authorized programming for neighbourhood organizations. after some time, the jewel coins the jedex trade will grow the diamond ecosystem. archive the historical backdrop diamond exchanging, existing contracts and exchanges will kept blockchain, which will permit full transparency. diamond savvy contracts will bargain the jewel trade the premise. this thing will decentralized, compatible exchanging stage where you can exchange expertly without much learning the diamond trade. diamond supply the merchant who has the diamond smart contract can arrange the physical conveyance the diamond. the conveyance procedure starts changing the status the diamond smart contract "delivery process". when the proprietor gets the stone, the contract expect the status dropped the "intellectual contract". jewel. financial jewel straightforward and helpful market for dealers who need put resources into diamonds new monetary resources. jewel makes conceivable manage money related demands agreement with the current purview. trading categories jewel chose consolidate the blockchain innovation and the jedex calculation make category trading. this choice was made because the way that there are deterrents transforming diamonds into benefit class the failure make homogeneous items. jewel makes milestone for every class. its class, the diamond will get evaluation the deviation from the exceptional imprint determined diamond savvy. the jedex calculation permits checking deviations from the contract. the precedent beneath, you can see that jedex figuring's give sensible market cost for jewel. joint investment jewel will offer its clients the choice "shared speculation". when the diamond goes the bartering, the proprietor the stones can alternatively move them solitary contract under partial agreements. along these lines, you can make few intellectual contracts that speak fractional responsibility for fortified diamond. short sales begin short exchanging exercises the jedex trade, merchant sends short move request. after endorsement the request and the offer/ask cost steady, the activity will executed. jewel will utilize the automatic filling the credit organization rapidly affirm the demand. endless supply the short deal, the credit organization will give the diamond smart contract merchant against guarantee and obtained assets. credit and security expenses are held day day. credits for merchants the diamonds that are storage can fill credit security. clients can get jewel coin credit dependent portfolio liquidity. the intrigue will set indicated the general loan fees. brokers will get from the jewel full data about conceivable money related offers without requiring learning about diamonds. coming next are instances methodology where merchants pick either investment range investment category. jedex rating range from with higher rating speaking increasingly important ventures. moreover, the jewel framework furnishes evaluation ventures alongside the jedex proposal through access money related and gemological data. rapid deployment capability assessment have assessed every single accessible task for fast deployment dependent the blockchain, well have ordered rundown the most appropriate for anticipates. per the thought, jewel stage should meet all useful and non-practical necessities that may emerge from what has been depicted previously. functional and non-functional requirements jewel system the individual verification technique every one the parties concerned very imperative for the diamond trading platform completely cooperate with clients. for the diamond stage, request and the nonattendance mistakes (because which there can lost tokens) smart contracts are imperative. concerning the non-useful necessities for diamond, with intangibility the framework trustworthiness, its security, performing multiple tasks execution, convenience and abnormal state robotization are very apparent. jewel's design centred around status for change, material ness and achievability forms. alteration suggests ordinary updates and coordination current frameworks instances changes enactment. the jewel framework security guaranteed averting unapproved access framework support, while opening every single money related open door for approved clients. the jewel framework security sets for itself such errands honesty and classification. thorough examination security frameworks essential for the fruitful improvement our jewel framework. the blockchain innovation utilization infers abnormal state mechanization when utilizing the application. the stage permits guarantee the synchronous execution substantial number procedures showing its adaptability and usefulness. the jewel idea infers the simplicity the framework use, any client can very effectively stay away from mistakes when exchanging diamonds. used rapid deployment systems all together not sit around idly, considered all the present rapid deployment systems and came conclusion that civic the most reasonable solution because its effortlessness and usefulness, just requires cell phone number and client email address amid the recognizable proof procedure. that is, the client, contrast home (estonia), isn't obliged reveal all his own information. this makes conceivable maintain strategic distance from undesirable government mediations. recognizable proof when utilizing the civic system still has various impediments experience demonstrates the significance the verifying client indicating real close home information. this manner, relationship with other existing administrations conceivable civic system. regardless existing deficiencies, the ethereum standard applies smart contracts, despite the fact that much the time isn't appropriate for such applications doesn't reflect proof exchanges. also, very well may hacked because absence safety efforts. hence, for smart contracts, framework utilizing the check directed exchanges with price details (pos) might considered productive solution. reasonable precedent the qtum framework, which now effectively utilizing pos. there are few restricted frameworks assess the smart contracts. the securify framework plays out the official confirmation ethereum smart contracts beta adaptation. can likewise make reference such frameworks populus and leave framework, however despite everything they appear unsound for formal assessment. probably the most recent scientific productions mirror the issue compose the protected smart contracts. test and break down utilitarian rightness and security, strength utilizes the interpretation smart contract codes into practical programming language. because this, the quantity mistakes diminished because the disappointments and blunders coding and cryptography related with etherium are influenced. based the blockchain for mass information, there the interplanetary record framework (ipfs), which open source convention. ipfs addresses these blocks hyperlinks demonstrate for block storage with elite datasets. truth told, one stores numerous connects hinders that are disseminated few different pcs. information for blockchain applications put away these pcs unchanging connections. appropriate possibility process the diamond trading information bigchaindb, which basically decentralized database with blockchain attributes. this database can used make and move advanced resources, track dependably finished exchanges and actualize decentralized control. for the jewel framework, its attributes play essential job for other blockchainlike frameworks, for example, ethereum, qtum ipfs. jewel.finance jewel finance cryptographic wallet that exists coordinate blockchain innovation into customary online ventures. regarding change from traditional financial balances cryptographic wallets, there has been inclination increment cryptographic money turnover. that may, digital money utilization still does not refute the need utilize fiat cash. new financial specialists ought put resources into huge and stable cryptographic forms money, for example, bitcoin and ethereum, and after that purchase another digital currency for this crypt money. this mind boggling and costly process. notwithstanding the abovementioned, there are financial specialists who utilize both digital currency and customary fiat cash. jewel fund suggests helpful and straightforward wallet that makes simple perform activities with both fiat cash and numerous crypto conversions (jewel, bitcoin, ethereum and on.), too innovative trade point that permits you move fiat cash into cryptographic money and vice versa. jewel coin holders can likewise make exchanges large portion the commission per exchange. these trades can made anyplace the planet pay for any item. moreover, jewel's wallet universal the point that any methods will tradable and make all exchanges with fiat and crypto money transparent that the client won't feel the limits the change utilization specific cash. features jewel.finance jewel finance stage that performs quick and basic blockchain exchanges around the world. present day speculators comprehend that the eventual future the budgetary market digital money, yet not every one them are educated and sufficiently experienced maintain strategic distance from botches. jewel account will enable them maintain strategic distance from these oversights and they can effectively and rapidly deal with their fiat and crypto-account. jewel account can utilized for the accompanying activities: trade fiat cash for digital currency and the other way around; change over digital currency fiat cash and pull back it; purchase fiat and digital currency; keep fiat and digital currency; make instalments with fiat and digital currency; trade fiat and digital money; pay half less commission utilizing jewel coin market trends and prospects the advanced world, there are worldwide powers looking bring diamonds into the money market. such forces center monetary contracts markets. the diamonds change from class merchandise into class budgetary resources and hypertrophies the volume ventures, light the fact that just the diamonds bought are considered speculations. the worldwide diamond exchanging market evaluated billion. contrasted with the worldwide gold market billion), ventures into gold are lot higher (about %). moving monetary hindrances, diamonds can transformed into the most alluring resources for speculators, account which the venture advertise diamonds can develop billion with proportion. team and partners jewel jewel venture was made gathering experts the web circle, diamond industry, monetary innovators and online marketing specialists. financing was given techfinancials.inc. holding the jewel venture holdings through credit and value speculation. accomplished group techfinancials.inc, one the pioneers being developed budgetary exchanging advancements, together with the jewelpay created and made the jewel exchanging innovation. company founded employees partnerships jedex exchange jewel roadmap conclusion present the jewel trading platform, which will exchange diamonds from the class merchandise the class monetary resources. this paper, have attempted clarify the status quo, which demonstrates the fundamental elements hindering the utilization diamonds money related resources. spite the way that each stone extraordinary, the fundamental obstacle the absence transparency, liquidity exchanges and moreover these understandings are generally private exchanges. that may after the dispatch jewel, this issue will tackled and the market for interest diamonds will begin grow very rapidly. per our estimates, can come capitalization billion. attempted set out our vision the long haul points view the ecosystem diamonds utilizing the blockchain innovation upheld the data with models that likewise use advanced payment systems. guarantee value, consistency and straightforwardness diamonds economic situations, pointers are controlled jedex which considers few elements, for example, information worldwide diamond stores, costs for them, and forth. now, jedex accessible for and carat round diamonds. guaranteeing uniform trade brought the issue diamonds compatibility, yet creation smart contract utilizing the jedex calculation diminishes this issue zero. trust that within reasonable time-frame, new trading mechanisms which will founded the standards blockchains will created. these mechanisms will permit achieve the most extreme transparency trade agreements that are important diamonds. exchanging jewel smart agreements the jewel stage, all exchanges will put away the blockchain, the two-way diamond deals procedure will achieve unheard level. regardless the way that jewel has positive parts its deployment, merits recalling that jewel decentralized stage structure with unpredictable business design.