jibrel network may second draft yazan barghuthi victor mezrin yazan@jibrel.network victor@jibrel.network abstract the jibrel network aims facilitate the digitization, listing and trading traditional assets such currencies, bonds and other financial instruments, the blockchain. the jibrel decentralized autonomous organization (jibrel dao) will allow platform users deposit cash, money market instruments create their own crypto depository receipts (crydrs) and benefit from on-chain off-chain arbitrage. decentralized organizations and funds that are overexposed digital currencies can hedge their positions and protect their funding with stable assets. furthermore, jibrel will provide developers with complete platform build tools and applications for transacting, investing and hedging, through leveraging traditional asset-backed tokens. addition, jibrel will enable instant, near-zero fee, global payments and remittances the form fiat fiat transactions that can undertaken through peer peer, business business consumer merchant channels. this white paper outlines the core components comprising jibrel, how they interact, and aims demonstrate how the network can built-out efficiently using existing infrastructure. .introduction since their introduction with bitcoin [], blockchains have unlocked tremendous value. with this new technology, can verify and commit transactions immutable decentralized ledger, implemented more broadly, achieve decentralized consensus. moreover, traditional individual and institutional investors, who could facilitate the quick movement traditional assets off-chain are deterred from participating due the fundamental incompatibilities that exist most notably, lack transparency and extreme market volatility[]. this incredible innovation currently transforming our world eroding the need for trusted intermediaries, settlement clearing offices, and middle-man service providers across wide range industries and sectors. finally, decentralized organizations, who raise funding through crowd sales, well decentralized funds and crypto-investors, who are overexposed digital assets and cryptocurrencies, have limited options diversify into traditional holdings. that being said, due limited adoption institutional level, most the crypto-economy's value remains siloed use-case geography. addition, widespread systemic risk exists due the bottlenecks imposed these siloes the form challenges and limitations converting between traditional assets and digital assets. the risks are compounded further the fact that digital currencies play multifaceted role, they are used reward miners for facilitating transactions; means transferring value; speculative investment tool; and most recently, crowdfund and run decentralized organizations and applications (e.g. decentralized computing[], decentralized storage[]). given the disconnect between the traditional economy and the cryptoeconomy, the same challenges plaguing the former still persist the latter. users wishing transfer traditional currency between one another still face the time delays and fees imposed relying combination cryptocurrency exchanges, traditional financial institutions, well payment processors. traditional finance, different instruments are used for these functions and are regulated accordingly. this helps manage systemic risk. until decentralized regulatory consensus protocols are fully built-out, the cryptoeconomy faces security and fraud risk, the form unregulated exchanges; market risks, resulting from extremely volatile currencies that are used beyond their architectured purpose; and systemic risks arising from crowd-funds stored volatile digital currencies and subsequently locked into smart contracts. this paper analyzes the limitations and challenges the current environment and proposes approach that leverages existing infrastructure provide solution for all stakeholders. traditional asset-backed tokens the core stakeholders the jibrel ecosystem are; non-investment users, who seek benefit from the value unlocked cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology, such low remittance fees and instant transfers; traditional investors, who seek benefit from the high returns the emerging cryptoeconomy; and decentralized organizations funds and crypto-investors, who seek diversify their crypto-holdings with stable low-yield assets, on-chain, remain transparent crowd-funders. the needs all stakeholders could successfully met bringing the stability traditional financial instruments the blockchain. this can accomplished minting tethered tokens with one-to-one backing the underlying traditional asset they represent. using such method, tethered tokens can used denote currency[] even commodity[]. developing 'guarantor' that houses traditional assets and issues tokens representing ownership the underlying assets, one can enable wide-range currencies, commodities, money market instruments and other financial tools, openly traded on-chain. system architecture the following section outlines the key components the jibrel network and what required facilitate putting traditional assets on-chain. public blockchain while reliance another blockchain imposes long-list new challenges and limitations, public and secure blockchain required for early versions jibrel, until full cross-chain communication feasible. cryptocurrency exchanges cryptocurrency exchanges provided end-users with fiat accounts their local currency and digital wallets hold cryptocurrencies. user can buy, trade transmit digital currency, easily converting between crypto and fiat currencies. tethered tokens tethered tokens will required create traditional asset-backed tokens. for every traditional asset held tethered token minted. upon the underlying asset being sold, the token destroyed. guarantor order ensure tethered tokens hold their respective value, guarantor needed. the guarantor will hold traditional assets and issue their respective tethered tokens, well redeem and destroy tokens return for the release transfer ownership the underlying traditional asset. application layer, libraries templates once tethered tokens are established, array applications that leverages their capabilities can developed, including payment processors, remittance wallets and trading platforms. facilitate rapid application development, dedicated application layer with user-friendly libraries and code templates will required. ownership transfers once tethered token issued, the underlying asset can easily traded similar any cryptocurrency. the high-level process outlined below: user sends fiat guarantor guarantor returns jfiat user pays merchant jfiat merchant redeems jfiat guarantor sends fiat merchant account with guarantor backing the tethered token, with the promise redeem for the underlying asset future point time, the token can stay the system and used for on-chain and off-chain payments. fees charges transferring ownership both digital and traditional assets have associated fees and charges that will need accounted. oversight regulation any on-chain transaction representing off-chain transfer ownership value must satisfy international and local regulation and must managed accordingly. regulatory protocols governance tools should put place ensure proper governance and oversight. all transactions must satisfy kyc aml regulations. projects are risk not materializing their funding reduced due market downswings, potentially leading insolvency jibrel network implementation this section outlines how each component will implemented the jibrel network. ethereum blockchain the selected blockchain must decouple mining rewards and the underlying transactions between the participants the system. for this reason, ethereum well suited form the foundation jibrel's underlying architecture. mining rewards will the form ethereum 'gas', while any tethered token will not part the mining process[]. while jibrel also suited built bitcoin's omniprotocol, that approach beyond the scope this paper. crypto depository receipts (crydr) crydrs are tethered tokens that represent ownership underlying traditional asset held jibrel. this paper, they are denoted jasset (e.g. jusd, jeur, jgbp). release, jibrel will support six fiat currencies and two money market instruments, with plans add additional financial instruments the future. currencies fiat the first iteration the jibrel network aims support usd, eur, gbp, rub, cny, aed with additional currency support gradually added strategic exchange partners are integrated. money market instruments stable low-yield assets are jibrel's core offering, crypto-investors will able purchase tokens tethered treasury bills and zero-coupon certificates deposits. for the first iteration the jibrel network, all money market instruments will incorporate automatic rollover accrual mechanism. meaning, fiat received from matured investments, will automatically redeployed similar assets. similarly, dividend interest will accrued until the underlying asset matures sold. future versions, money market instruments will configurable. other financial instruments the future, traditional financial institutions are integrated into the jibrel platform, full support other financial instruments can rolled out, including listed and private equity. smart compliance since crydrs are fully programmable they can embedded with regulation. fiat currencies will unrestricted, however the purchase and resale other assets will need restricted class and geography fully compliant. this logic embedded each crydr. jibrel dao the jibrel dao will receive hold traditional assets behalf their owners and issue their respective crydrs. uponsends the owner's wallet. upon redemption token, the token destroyed and the underlying asset transferred the token holder. while the jibrel dao aims fully decentralized, until full on-chain integration traditional financial institutions, large components the system will need off-chain. off-chain activity will require the input and oversight local and international regulators. for this reason, stakeholder interaction must properly managed ensure full regulatory compliance without sacrificing transparency and reliability. this will achieved through asset portals dedicated entities operating with full compliance their respective geographies asset portals asset portals are used undertake the necessary legal and financial steps convert traditional assets into on-chain digital assets. fiat portals will simple cryptocurrency exchanges. strategic partnerships can formed with existing exchanges while dedicated jibrel exchange network with sufficient geographic reach can built-out. addition, housing portion jibrel's fiat reserves existing exchanges, transfer times and fees are significantly reduced whilst simultaneously providing exchanges with much needed liquidity. non-fiat portals will require off-chain presence undertake the necessary due diligence and take ownership non-fiat deposits. most geographies, asset portals will require brokerage and money transmitter licenses. cases involving heavily regulated jurisdictions more nuanced financial assets, full regulator involvement and oversight might required. regulation evolves, asset portals will able decentralize and become community driven. institutional investors and other financial institutions will able list their own traditional assets on-chain, using the jibrel platform. jibrel network token (jnt) while non-fiat portals will charge offline fees fiat currencies, the jibrel dao's on-chain fees and commissions will levied the form jibrel network tokens (jnt). infrastructure critical data, such user balances and transactions, will stored the blockchain while all other data hosted development servers. several development environments, tools and frameworks have already been developed enable the rapid development decentralized applications[]. jibrel will need develop similar developer components, tools and frameworks enable the widespread adoption and distribution crydrs. infrastructure will required across two main dimensions, on-chain apis and off-chain apis utils. on-chain infrastructure only four key smart contracts will required for the network operate effectively. helpers utils (auxiliary smart contracts) will also need create several auxiliary smart contracts enable auxiliary functions such switching between contracts running different versions and enabling additional api features. their detailed description beyond the scope this document. off-chain infrastructure order facilitate the widespread adoption crydrs transaction, investment and hedging tool, user-friendly libraries and code templates for application developers will released. figure jibrel dapp api workflow crydr smart contracts each asset registered with the jibrel dao will have crydr issued the form smart contract. crydr smart contracts will erc- compliant. forwarding crydrs between user accounts similar forwarding other erc- tokens between wallets. jibrel dao smart contract dedicated jibrel dao smart contract will regulate the work crydr smart contracts. board directors smart contract (bodc) the board directors smart contract (bodc) the only mechanism interact influence the jibrel dao contract. bodc will managed through voting system, where members the board can use their ethereum accounts vote bodc actions. storing and using private keys will the responsibility members. ideally, the board will composed crypto thought-leaders and financial services experts. figure crypto depository receipts general workflow libraries templates expect that developers will use existing libraries interact with ethereum blockchain (for example, web). will release wrappers for this library and code samples that will simplify the interaction with the jibrel dao and crydr smart contracts. crydr explorers open-source explorers will created, allowing users view crydr metadata and interact with the bodc well manually verify ownership the underlying asset the jibrel dao. board director tool-kit tools will created interface the internal infrastructure crydr ltd with ethereum blockchain. particular, for the organization interaction the members the board directors with bodc and for operative monitoring the state the system. smart regulation implementation this section outlines the implementation crydrs, smart regulation and compliance within the jibrel network crydr architecture crydrs themselves are smart contracts deployed the ethereum blockchain. facilitate robust and scalable system, crydrs should satisfy multiple requirements: view: interface for third-party contracts and web-apps controller: implements compliance and business logic, orchestrates storage and view contracts figure tiered architecture high compatibility: should employ erc interface compatible with existing token management tools updatable business logic: should easily upgradable keep with evolving real-world rules and regulations immutability: should immutable once deployed migratable: events and storage should stored separately interactivity: crydrs should able interact with each other existing methodologies these technical requirements are difficult achieve using the tools currently available within the ethereum ecosystem. upgradable smart contracts are challenging implement, and while certain tools and methodologies exist, they each have their own limitations. evm delegatecall the first potential approach leverages opcode `delegatecall` ethereum virtual machine (evm). while this powerful tool update business logic, has several drawbacks. specifically, once deployed, the storage structure the original smart contract must maintained throughout updates. for this reason, this approach can only employed simple upgradable contract implementations and cannot used for jibrel's use-case. ... updating compliance with this structure, can easily deploy new crydr controller contract and configure view and storage contracts use this new controller. effectively, this allows easily update the underlying compliance and business-logic powering crydrs, what refer smart regulation. figure controller updates smart contract pruning another potential solution the pruning the contract and deploying another new contract the same address, preserving events and state. while this would ideal solution for the jibrel network, has yet implemented evm. jibrel network approach building jibrel, leverage more tedious but holistic solution deconstruct the whole system into multiple sophisticated smart contracts that interact with one another, but can provide seamless upgrades and updates. while more complex implement, provides powerful backend for jibrel dapps. crydr -layer system crydrs are deconstructed into their critical components: storage houses all the data facilitating process that allows for business logic updated, the jibrel network ensures tokens can remain fully compliant evolving with changes real-world regulation. ... upgrading interfaces using this architecture, can also upgrade token interfaces seamlessly, such providing additional support for new token standards (e.g. erc) smart contracts have inherited limitations, primarily, they are only able access on-chain data, with calls third-party services prohibited design. order access off-chain data, the data must first pushed onto the blockchain form transactions. figure view upgrades put simply, all compliance measures implemented on-chain via smart contracts. must order implement kyc/aml measures need implement two solutions: data storage: store user data on-chain rule implementation: apply kyc aml rules each transaction many projects address the first task. such civic, and uport. however, these solutions are built adaptive and versatile, result, these solutions are only able store generic user information that does not sufficiently meet the need institutional grade kyc aml processes. when conducting such upgrades, crydr storage remains unchanged unaffected. for this reason, jibrel will build out dedicated compliance api that will liaise with both dedicated jibrel kyc aml module well third-party solutions available today. since views act tiered layer ahead the controller, all events remain intact during updates. well implemented controller will trigger all connected views, clients can receive all events. figure trigger events figure jibrel compliance api smart regulation architecture implementing kyc/aml measures require strict and detailed account permissioning controls. role jibrel network token (jnt) key business requirement the jibrel network that all crydrs must remain tethered underlying asset. order achieve this, off-chain assets must first securitized, which why virtual exchange currency required. both transact with the network, well facilitate the payment off-chain fees. existing currency (e.g. btc, eth) not suitable the price movements these currencies are unrelated utility the jibrel network. this disconnect imposes market and credit risk. addition, the jibrel network aims provide dedicated chain the future, dedicated token will required facilitate seamless migration process. crydrs themselves are unsuitable for this solution, they must remain tethered real-world assets, leveraging them part payment causes another disconnect emerge, unbalancing the system. jibrel network token (jnt) will act the 'fuel' 'gas' the network. jnt will provide universal access all features provided the jibrel network and the relevant jibrel dapps. jnt ensures all crydrs remain tethered their respective underlying assets all times, adding additional layer compliance. the short medium term, off-chain activities will needed undertake the necessary legal and financial due diligence convert physical assets digital assets. addition, the bod members will needed oversee the jibrel dao ensure full transparency and regulatory compliance. the longer-term, expected that regulation will evolve facilitate on-chain verification asset ownership, enabling jibrel become decentralized autonomous organization. self-service portals once the technological limitations such on-chain computational capability and the feasibility implementing complex zero-knowledge proofs[]; well the regulatory hurdles obtaining the relevant licensing, are overcome, jibrel could operate self-service portals (i.e. traditional exchange platforms hosted on-chain, communicating with the jibrel network). the build-out these portals critical jibrel achieving full decentralization. on-chain digital identity kyc aml while many on-chain digital identity and kyc solutions exist today, they are limited functionality. more advanced identification solutions will required achieve self-service portals. board directors dao once operations have reached steady state, the board directors can dissolved and replaced with autonomous regulatory entity, charged with overseeing the operations the jibrel dao. use-cases figure jibrel network token interaction traditional asset-backed tokens that are exchangeable provides wide range use-cases easily traditional digital asset exchange allowing traditional assets and digital assets freely traded between one another, platform inherently developed that facilitates low-risk, high returns for institutional investors through the wholesale traditional investment instruments investors and entities seeking stable digital assets. investment platform investment bank can deposit money market instruments commodities into the jibrel dao and then sell those products (crydrs) decentralized organizations and funds premium, benefiting from on-chain off-chain arbitrage fully decentralized operations hedging tokens decentralized autonomous organizations and funds can purchase money market crydrs and store them while significant work has been undertaken improve the efficiency probabilistically checkable proofs, they still remain highly impractical on-chain, with full transparency, reassuring investors that their funding safe. decentralized autonomous funds can choose from wide range traditional assets complement their digital portfolios and protect against cryptoeconomy downturns. global transfers providing asset-backed tokens, the platform able provide tokens that possess all the desirable qualities both, traditional assets particular, stability and global adoption, and digital assets immutability, ease transfer and reliability. with these tokens, payment gateways, remittance channels and other money transfer use-cases can implemented. remittances jibrel can enable remittances enabling fiat fiat transfers that use crypto-infrastructure execute transactions. users can add funds and transfer them anyone the world, leveraging the low fees provided digital currencies while still maintaining the stability, security and safety traditional currencies. universal wallet currency agnostic wallets can created that allow users freely convert between currencies and make transfers anyone, anywhere any currency, without the exorbitant fees usually associated with such transactions. cross-border payments similarly, jibrel can enable cross-border payments. currency api with the underlying tokens, jibrel can provide currency api that allows users convert freely between currencies. merchant api jibrel can provide merchants with simple easy use payment gateway that can accept payments any currency and pay-out the local currency. without incurring exchange transfer fees. once the network established, merchants will able set-up currency agnostic payment gateways using jibrel's user-friendly libraries and api. references nakamoto, satoshi, bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system url {https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf} brennan and lunn, credit suisse equity reports blockchain the trust disruptor: shared ledger technology and the impact stocks url {http://www.the-blockchain.com/docs/credit-suisse-blockchain-trust-disrupter.pdf} golem, the golem project: crowdfunding {http://golemproject.net/doc/draftgolemprojectwhitepaper.pdf} white paper wilkinson, shawn, storj project: peer-to-peer cloud storage network url {https://storj.io/storj.pdf} tether ltd, tether: fiat currencies the bitcoin blockchain url {https://tether.to/wp-content/uploads///tetherwhitepaper.pdf} eufemio, chng and djie, igix: the gold standard crypto assets url {https://dgx.io/whitepaper.pdf} buterin, vitalik, ethereum: next-generation smart contract and decentralized application platform url {http://ethereum.org/ethereum.html} solidity, solidity: contract-oriented, high-level language for the ethereum virtual machine release documentation url {http://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/v../} ben-sasson, chiesa, garman, green, miers, troma and virza, zerocash: decentralized anonymous payments from bitcoin url {http://zerocash-project.org/media/pdf/zerocash-extended-.pdf} url