abstract joint ventures brings much-needed change the current digital content landscape. our aim create economy that rewards every participant the network, including publishers, authors, commenters, advertisers, and moderators, while minimizing third-party commissions. joint ventures plans create community-centered content economy. discuss the implementation transparent advertising revenue model our ecosystem, which will allow publishers monitor real-time engagements with their content well helping advertisers get the maximum value out their advertising budget. our first product projected commenting solution, envisioned for the benefits both publishers and commenters. designed increase user interaction with publishers and will available websites along with mobile applications. that functional and unique user interface will attract users and publishers, leading increased user engagements. joint commenting solution will run websites with millions monthly visitors, enabling new token economy where publishers will gaining joint tokens based the quality the content and commenters will rewarded regard their contribution the ecosystem. typical commenting solution, the other hand, the commenters are not rewarded fairly for their contributions. regarding money stream, the money flows from advertisers publishers, but not before the commenting system takes its own cut. blockchain allows joint easily calculate the value individual contributions and distribute the rewards fairly and transparently. this will followed with our other in-line product, exchange, bring advertisers the system. content discovery the other hand, will enable publishers acquire new visitors from other joint publishers, and affiliate platform, which will make possible for publishers earn more revenue with referrals. all these products will run joint token which erc- based token that will tradeable multiple cryptocurrency exchanges. joint ventures offers additional tools publishers create, reward, and grow their community. publishers will receive the major share the advertising revenue. for advertisers, our platform offers competitive pricing strategy and option advertise specific placements for different time slots. joint splits publishers' rewards with commenters, depending the commenters' level interaction and value addition the network. joint ventures addresses the major fraud and middlemen commissions concerns the advertising industry using blockchain technology. blockchain technology promotes transparency and creates secure network for engagement. all the information about the content economy will accessible through blockchain explorers. table contents introduction industry overview future content economy primary challenges joint content economy vision and mission joint platform value proposition team members advisors market comparison technical overview joint coin and blockchain terms decentralisation token usage token launch token distribution fund allocation joint roadmap future forecast faq disclaimer bibliography introduction the internet growing exponentially: with every passing day, users generate quintillion bytes data. simple terms, much all online content has been generated the past two years. with rapidly growing internet adoption and affordable smart devices, content creation will only continue grow the coming years. however, the current content landscape primarily dominated few major players, with little transparency for the end-user. these middlemen make money from both publishers and advertisers. according data shared google the company shares with publishers the revenue generated ads displayed alongside content that uses google's adsense service. this percentage drops down for the revenue-sharing structure used adsense search. facebook has even less transparency than google: facebook's audience network does not provide revenue-sharing figures with publishers the public general. close inspection all the major display networks makes evident that these networks take considerable share publisher earnings. joint here end the monopoly the middlemen within the content monetization industry. the content economy created joint splits revenue with every participant who adds value the network. its operating principles are similar that google and facebook, the sense that allows ads displayed publisher's website, but joint differs from the rest sharing maximum revenue with publishers well commenters. unlike other platforms, joint not just platform that generates revenue, but also protects users' personal data from being collected advertisers, through cookies similar techniques. joint will use blockchain technology maintain transparency within its ecosystem. additionally joint will handle all operations and ensure high ad-fill rate for its network websites. the differentiating feature joint that will take less than the entire advertising revenue for its operations, distributing the rest our publishers and our network. our goal create content economy that serves the network first. industry overview the past couple years have witnessed unprecedented growth the content industry. growing user base and internet connectivity have contributed the creation hundreds thousands content pieces every single day. order understand the size the current content industry, here are few facts publishers upload more than million hours content youtube every day. users watch billion hours videos daily youtube. more than million posts are added the instagram platform daily basis. users post more than billion messages facebook every day. billion texts are sent globally any given day. facebook has daily active user base billion people, june internet users generate massive quintillion bytes data every single day. it's important note that internet adoption rates are the rise, with nearly the global population having internet access, statistic that will only increase the coming years. while the exponential adoption the internet and the vast amount data created every single day overwhelming, it's even more surprising that major share the entire content landscape under the control only few companies. according the available revenue data google has share the global digital market. facebook comes second, with digital market share .%. microsoft, yahoo, and twitter are other players, each having, respectively, .%, .%, and market share. google and facebook together capture every single dollar spent digital advertising today. what's even more surprising that facebook growing its share exponential rate, with its revenue growing over the third quarter comparison the previous years' same quarter. the two these digital giants have put traditional media houses shame terms their online revenue. for world that relies heavily the internet, the dominance google and facebook isn't exactly good news. the internet, advertising option, has witnessed massive growth the past couple years, and has taken very short time overtake television the favored display channel. according report released magna, the research unit ipg media brands, digital spending generated revenue billion against billion generated the television industry globally. considering the growing size the online advertisement market, firms such google and facebook will only gain further digital prowess the future. future content economy considering the current scale content creation, the overall content economy only its nascent stage. we'll witness growth every single aspect the content industry over the next couple years, especially with the growth the internet things (iot). expected that the year more than billion devices will connect the internet, producing massive chunks data, zettabytes. the amount content generated online will grow exponentially. few interesting facts associated with online content generation: facebook users post million content pieces (posts) every minute. yelp users post reviews every single minute. over million blog posts are published online every single day, january can only expect these numbers grow the future. considering the huge amount content published every day, current online advertising revenue structures will witness gradual change the coming years. the online advertising industry will grow proportion the online content market. itself, online and mobile advertising revenues are expected grow reach billion, with mobile being the primary driver this growth. terms the digital market share, google and facebook (together, often referred "duopoly") will continue dominate the global digital media landscape. google will control billion revenue, the total search business according emarketer. facebook will control .%, billion revenue, the display market business the future, can expect more revenue sharing services show globally. the transition has already started, with major players such amazon.com inc.'s twitch following revenue sharing approach. facebook has its audience network, and google has been sharing revenue with youtube publishers for long time. with these programs opening for more members the coming years, the important question will their choice revenue sharing model: what percentage their revenues will these companies share? inevitably, content economy that incentivizes users will become the norm. primary challenges growing monopoly the major advertising platforms has created unique challenges for content curators (publishers). the top the current revenue division between advertising platforms and publishers. publishers have share their advertising revenue with advertising platforms, such facebook and google. some individual studies have shown that the publisher's share could even plummet some cases. another major challenge faced content publishers the low cpm (cost per thousand impressions) cpc (cost per click) rate offered advertising platforms. out group five publishers one reported that the average cpm for facebook video ads stood $.. another publisher reported cpm for mid-roll ads, which are displayed seconds after the video starts playing. similar earning reports are reported huge groups publishers, with one them making only out million video views. lower revenue isn't the only challenge front publishers. some publishers have reported irrelevant ads being played between their videos, leading poor viewer experience. publishers have approached platforms with proposals allow them sell slots, but these platforms are hesitant give away their monetization control. adding the list problems the poor quality insights offered some major advertising platforms. while most these platforms allow publishers track their daily, weekly, monthly earnings, they not provide details about the percentage views impressions that were considered eligible for payment. some market experts even consider the lack insights part the shady revenue practices followed advertising platforms. growth the adoption rate blockers another pressing concern among small publishers. blockers could lead decline overall traffic received small publishers. it's important note that around internet users have blockers installed their systems, whereas only mobile viewers use blockers the moment. these figures are likely increase the coming years, creating more problems for medium small-scale publishers the process. joint content economy joint content economy that goes beyond the current revenue structure the online publisher. aim create ecosystem where every single contribution valued, whether the content created publishers active participation from commenters. the same time, offer new revenue streams for publishers and their communities. blockchain technology has seen massive adoption the past couple years, and only makes sense create system line with the latest technology. joint content economy leveraging the power blockchain technology create transparent and secure ecosystem. understand that commenters play crucial role with online publishers actively participating the discussion and spreading content the internet. until now, very few platforms reward them for their contribution, which seems unfair. joint ready fill this gap with its commenting solution that rewards network participants for their valuable contributions. have created algorithm that calculates commenter's contribution using multiple factors and then splits the rewards between publishers and commenters accordingly. the next addition our content economy will platform that puts both publishers and advertisers the same page. will allow publishers monetize their online content inside the commenting areas. for advertisers, our platform will allow them choose their placements and time periods for which the shown. we'll add exchange feature our content ecosystem, facilitating simple advertising management. the exchange will show list available locations, depending the keywords and audience segments. the advertisers will have option book specific placements for different time slots, ranging from single day week even longer. joint platform will use dynamic pricing structure for these locations, taking into account historical pricing data. unlike other advertising platforms, advertisers will only pay for advertisements that are viewed visitors. all the transactions carried out our platform will require joint tokens, which will available during our crowdsale. joint will offer better control network publishers. we'll introduce publisher pool, which will act escrow containing joint tokens. publishers will receive payouts the end every campaign. the calculation payouts will available the public blockchain, allowing publishers see all payouts the network. our goal evolve with the changing trends the content industry we'll keep adding features that benefit our content economy and its participants. vision and mission joint understand that platform users are the ones who create the content that populates social media and individual websites, and any single company shouldn't control their earning potential just because they control the advertising infrastructure. the same time, understand the value added the network participants and commenters, simply commenting sharing the content. joint aims create fair advertising platform that puts the entire community its center and benefits every participant the network. our content economy, the publisher takes away the major portion overall revenue, with the rest being split among other participants. addition the advertising revenue, plan introduce features that will allow publishers monetize their visitor data future. joint will provide self-service tools, allowing publishers monetize their content and understand viewer engagement better. our goal create content ecosystem that values every participant the network and aims reward them for their contributions. joint platform joint built around the principle that anyone adding meaningful contribution the network should rewarded. hold community the center our entire ecosystem. our structure promotes fair reward-sharing environment within its content economy. unlike the traditional advertising platforms, have realigned the economic incentives associated with content publishing and curation. there are three primary components the joint platform: commenting system reward system exchange commenting system our commenting system one the first our line products. designed promote user engagement while offering extensive moderation control publishers. publishers can install our commenting system simply adding javascript. for mobile applications, will release the sdk, allowing seamless integration with mobile applications. the joint commenting system comes with extensive features. have included cross-site notifications and multiple sign-in options our commenting system, offering refined user experience. publishers can understand their audience's engagement better with our detailed analytics and reporting dashboard. we'll add monetization system short order our platform, helping publishers grow their income. commenters will able use our mobile app hold conversations. addition the app, they will able leave comments any online content piece throughout the web, even the websites are not part the joint ecosystem. reward system our reward system how joint separates itself from other commenting solutions. have created system that rewards publishers for adding valuable content the network, and the same time, rewards commenters for active participation. the rewards are distributed among publishers and commenters. order ensure fair reward distribution among publishers and commenters, have introduced the concept commenter and publisher profile scores. the profile score based multiple parameters including active comment count, approved comment count, rejected comment count, received reply count, upvote count, and ban count. every comment carries value based different factors such read count, upvote count, and reply count. the joint reward system focuses the quality contribution and uniqueness user activity, which helps prevent fraudulent activities and block any get-rich-quick schemes. joint responsible for the calculation and distribution these rewards. all these calculations will available publicly our blockchain explorer. exchange exchange part the joint content economy. brings advertisers and publishers single platform, with advertisers getting option display relevant ads our publisher network. we'll launch exchange within months the beta launch our platform. exchange will work similarly the other advertising platforms terms the allocation placements through bidding. advertisers will bid for placements targeting specific niches/keywords/demographics. auctions will automated, choosing the highest bid for particular placement. exchange will maintain historical price data for placements provide competitive pricing for advertisers. furthermore, order maximize publisher earnings and offer reliable advertising income, placements will sold for specific time periods instead using pay per click pay per view matrices. advertisers will have option reserve placement for specific time slot the future. the advertisers will require joint tokens advertise our network. they can purchase joint tokens with fiat money with acceptable exchange rate. purchased joint tokens will not transferable cryptocurrency exchanges, which means that advertisers will not able manipulate joint's token price exchanges. our exchange will prohibit the collection user's personal data such email, phone number, age, device ids. are adtech veterans, and know how protect user data. value proposition joint aims create content ecosystem that serves every participant fairly. line with our aim, have created content economy that rewards publishers for creating valuable information. the same time, realize the value active participation from community members and split rewards proportion their value addition. publishers reward for content creation: joint works fair reward system, which means that publishers are rewarded for adding content the network. reliable source income: our exchange system offers placement for specific periods such one day, one week, even longer. advertisers bid for different placements for specific time slots instead providing cpc cpm rate, thereby providing publishers with reliable source income. furthermore, understand the value creating excellent user experience, which why will show only native ads publisher's website. advanced engagement tracking: unlike existing advertising platforms, offer in-depth details user engagement. will allow publishers track user behavior such their preferred content type, engagement different types post, and similar matrices. publishers can then create content that will generate more rewards. maximum revenue sharing: exchange takes away only the publisher's revenue, allowing them receive maximum rewards for their work. this fee used cover adserver costs and pay for third-party fraud tracking solutions. commenters community active only when commenters participate discussions comment articles/videos. it's only fair reward them for their contribution, and that's exactly what have done. commenters will rewarded for their contribution, with their rewards being calculated the end every payout period. have created profile score algorithm for commenters, which will evaluate their contributions. while the publishers will have the authority moderate comments, we'll handle the reward payouts, ensuring that commenters receive their fair share rewards. advertisers pay for qualified views only: advertisement fraud major concern for advertisers. alone, bot fraud was believed reach billion globally. have taken that under consideration, and our exchange platform will ensure that advertisers will pay only for qualified views. for example, placement located the bottom the page, will count qualified impression only when the user scrolls down the bottom. advertisers will receive higher return investment (roi) for every dollar spent marketing. dedicated placements: advertising the right niche the key marketing success, and adtech experts, understand that very well. with exchange, advertisers will have opportunity bid their favored placements for extended period time. across the network visibility: order provide maximum visibility, joint will display advertisements throughout its network, allowing advertisers market their products/service websites wider audience base. team members the team behind joint has long history working the adtech industry. their experience the online advertising industry has allowed them understand the primary challenges faced both publishers well advertisers. joint's team has impressive list past clients, with brands like coca cola, mercedes, fiat, vodafone, turkcell, ford, godaddy, unilever, p&g, hyundai, opel, ing bank, hsbc, and microsoft. the core team comprises in-house developers working day and night the same office, focusing every single aspect the joint platform. the company behind joint ventures registered turkey, and the office located izmir. ahmet arslan founder, ceo prior joint ventures, ahmet has been working the adtech industry for the last years. ahmet the founder turkey's first programmatic adtech company adnboost, which builds niche advertising solutions for leading media agencies and brands. latif cakiroglu founder, cto latif run software company that delivered cloud based highly-scalable saas softwares. before that, worked for sberbank's european banking software projects and r&d department high-tech speech software company. held b.sc. telecommunication engineering and mba degrees, currently attending phd programme business administration. zeki kavrazli founder, publisher acquisition zeki was the director digital media bpn, leading publisher relations. has extensive experience the digital advertising industry, especially managing relationships with publishers. cevdet suer founder, management prior joint ventures, cevdet launched several companies turkey and has extensive background finance. his current company @wrk employs over people turkey. cevdet also the first investor and shareholder adnboost. gulseren arslan founder, advertiser acquisition gulseren worked global media agencies and managed multi-million dollars budgets for global brands. prior joint ventures, she founded adnboost with cevdet and ahmet. she has over years experience the digital media buying industry umut can yurt head growth umut has led number finance and cryptocurrency websites with monthly visitors numbering the millions. before joint ventures, worked for doviz.com seo content manager and founded kriptokoin.in cem yalcinkaya marketing specialist cem was the manager digital media bpn and managed multi-million performance marketing budgets for leading brands various industries. emre ceylan lead developer emre worked erp project consultant for years. emre has extensive business experience working with variety systems and platforms. batuhan gungor software development specialist batuhan was lead developer many ecommerce projects, and worked for accenture software engineering analyst. batuhan also managed projects for number large insurance companies. ali cavdar full stack developer ali brilliant full-stack developer who loves exploring new technologies. eyup can kayadarcin software development specialist eyup talented electronic engineer and focused developing backend applications for the joint platform. advisors koray gultekin bahar ceo foriba koray the ceo and managing partner foriba, the leading e-transformation solution company turkey. has broad solution portfolio, ranging from large enterprises micro-sized companies. sencan ozen founder, reklamstore sencan excels the online marketing industry. expert online advertising, display advertising, and advertising networks. his first enterprise reklamstore was found and continued lead digital advertising since then with its innovative data-centric performance solutions for advertisers and publishers. sami can tandogdu mentor samican professional with entrepreneurial mindset with over years professional experience fundraising for financial and operational management. has experience deep tech, adtech, and saas. for the last years has worked with apsiyon, fast-growing saas company; today, the largest property management software company turkey. the coo apsiyon, directly reported the ceo, leading crm, business development, operations and account management functions well supervising sales, finance, and departments. helped apsiyon raise $.m from earlybird september alper mat brainstormer alper professional with years entrepreneurship, management and consulting experience globally. has direct entrepreneurial experience gaming (social and mobile) and e-commerce. the co-founder vivense, the largest hard furniture e-commerce player turkey. more that, for the last one and half years, has been consulting italian government's ministry economic development for attracting investment from turkey (mostly industrial investments), coordinating investment pipeline close eur from turkey italy. market comparison have firm belief that our content ecosystem will gain mass adoption the coming years. disqus one our primary competitors the commenting solution segment. has gained vast popularity over the past couple years, reporting over million monthly comments january disqus allows monetization content through native ads for publishers. works different sites according datanyze, with current market share .%, behind facebook comments (.%) only. joint built promote simplicity and transparency its operating structure. provide every single detail related the revenue generation our blockchain, which isn't the case with disqus. publishers can generate consistent income with our advertising component, and the same time, monitor payout distributions the blockchain. similarly, advertisers can access detailed reports their advertising spending, with information drilled down single placement level. top it, our model rewards commenters for their valuable contributions, something unique joint only. not only rewards the commenters for participation but makes easier for publishers build community. commenters can get access exclusive content spending joint tokens earned the network. our experience the adtech industry has allowed joint address all the problems faced every active participant content ecosystem. technical overview one the primary challenges faced the advertising industry fraud. according some estimates fraud likely reach billion even conservative basis, and without competent countermeasures, may even reach billion the same period. the current online advertising industry shifting towards programmatic advertising, and expected that display dollars will transact programmatically. however, important note that programmatic advertising susceptible fraud, and youtube's controversy clear example that. report conducted behalf the ana points out that the media buying ecosystem full non-transparent business practices such providing cash rebates media agencies. the advertisers have little control over their advertising campaigns, which turn, affects their ability advertise their services the target audience. having team adtech professionals has helped joint understand these technological gaps, and our platform comes with countermeasures. have created transparent monitoring system, which allows every network participant monitor everything happening our platform. use blockchain technology improve transparency advertisers joint's platform, advertisers will have complete control their advertising spending, starting with choosing placements and monitoring the publishers where their advertisements are served. joint will introduce blockchain explorer for advertisers, which will allow them see their placements, visit statistics for publishers, and even see the spending any given placement. furthermore, with joint's blockchain explorer for publishers, advertisers will able see publisher payouts and other relevant data. publishers we'll launch blockchain explorer for publishers, giving them access their revenue payout details and other channel reports. joint will provide detailed engagement analysis report, allowing publishers understand visitor engagement better. addition the total number views their content, publishers will have access commenters' activity, including upvotes, total comments, rejected comments, and approved comments. with detailed engagement info, publishers can improve their community interaction and start publishing content per their community's preference. commenters joint will introduce blockchain explorer for commenters well. commenters will able view their reward payouts, besides how the rewards are shared with publishers. some other details available the explorer will include total comments made, rejected approved comments, and any upvotes mentions from other community members. all three the network participants (advertisers, commenters, and publishers) will have access each other's data, allowing them keep track the entire network. joint token and blockchain platform joint token based erc protocol, the ethereum platform. ethereum open source, blockchain-based, distributed computing platform, using smart contracts process different tasks. the ethereum platform has gained popularity over the past couple years because its support for smart contracts, ability create decentralized autonomous organizations, and even create other crypto assets using the platform. some the most popular cryptocurrencies built ethereum are golem, gnosis, and bat (basic asset token). here are but few the primary features ethereum that have propelled its adoption: smart contracts: smart contracts are computer programs that govern the transfer cryptocurrencies between two more parties the successful fulfilment one more conditions. ethereum allows programmers run their custom smart contracts, and it's one the primary reasons behind the rise ethereum platform for crypto assets. ethereum virtual machine (evm): evm, again, software that allows developers run program the ethereum platform irrespective the choice coding language. makes ethereum highly flexible, saving the trouble learning implementing single language. zero downtime protection from ddos attacks: the decentralised nature ethereum guarantees zero downtime, which crucial for consistent user experience. ethereum runs network nodes (miners), which ensures round-the-clock access network services. furthermore, the decentralised nature ethereum keeps protected from dedicated denial service attacks (ddos). joint's hybrid blockchain structure joint using the ethereum platform for its ability execute smart contracts. we'll use smart contracts distribute rewards between publishers and commenters. order boost ethereum's security further, we'll use oracles execute smart contracts. oracles allow blockchains access data outside their ecosystem, giving them the flexibility lacking their default structure. terms decentralisation joint token and its transfers will recorded and processed the ethereum mainnet. nevertheless, due the centralised nature the the existing internet servers, our commenting solution will partly running centralised servers. specific, the comment widget that will provided for publishers will cached services for scalability. that front-end project which communicates with comments storage cloud services and api's. this solution will getting and sending data and can regarded medium for data exchange services and end-users. our publisher web app, not mention, will also centralised web-app which can only run web-servers. this will only used publishers manage their user authorizations, widget preferences, community and comment moderating purposes. actions taken from these related screens will affect the data storage. regarding the user wallet and rewarding system; user wallet addresses will presented from mainnet addresses, user's public account address and could explored any block-explorer type application, like etherscan for instance. rewarding system, the other hand, respectively centralised terms calculation, yet decentralised when reward distribution the main concern. meaning all the transaction can monitored with the help block explorers, pool transactions token contract and there will pool account, who get how much amount and when. ico and token contracts are also will available public both operating mainnet and github. concerning the storage the comments data into private nodes, our process little different from similar comment content projects. provide system publishers for their usage and our backbone will used not only publishers but their users well. adding publisher means thousands and hopefully millions concurrent users that emit data for every page load (by asking page's comments), writing comments, giving upvotes and replies etc. everyday those publishers will create new contents, get new user's attentions addition current ones, finally sum whole publishers the views, comments, upvotes, replies will hit our infrastructure. handling these asymmetric data flow from different locations, diverse range view and writing habits will give many technical problems solve within the infrastructure. due the need for high input and output dataflow performance, this part heavily depends distributed content delivery networks and temporary memory pools for inserts that runs cloud services. due high transaction fees and limited transaction size, data can also written into private nodes. first phase our product, will write data directly into the database. afterwards, intermediate services will write data into temporary memory cloud service for high input, then emit new service and write into database time. token usage joint token the operating currency our platform. every transaction our content economy requires joint token. for advertisers, they require joint token run their advertisements and participate placement bidding. publishers, the other hand, receive payouts the form joint tokens. have plans list our token couple token exchanges, allowing publishers exchange joint tokens for other cryptocurrencies. addition, we'll integrate third-party token exchange service our platform for instant swap. use cases joint tokens launch advertising campaigns across joint network publishers boost your comments get more visibility send tips and donations publishers and authors acquire new visitors for your contents unlock paid subscriptions exclusive contents order avoid currency speculation, have set limit the number tokens that commenters must have before initiating transfer/exchange requests, currently set minimum tokens. however, commenters will free use these tokens within our content economy even without reaching the minimum threshold limit. token launch/sale we'll organize token sale order raise funds for creating fair content economy. joint will issue token after the completion its launch sale. token buyers will able transfer eth joint's wallet. detailed list token sale instructions will provided prior the token launch. hard cap for token sale: eth token wallet address: tbd launch date time april token sale period: days token launch completion token launch will end when the maximum number eth are raised. joint will seeking raise maximum eth its token sale and has received legal analysis that concludes that should not classified security, according the howey test. unsold tokens will added the reward pool. token distribution million tokens will issued total and million them will available within ico period. here brief summary token distribution: reward pool million joint. ico investors: million joint. early adopters million joint. launch partners million joint. joint team million joint. marketing development million joint. early adopters joint will allocate million tokens for its early adopters, incentivizing users who are ready part our content economy. the maximum reward for user fixed joint tokens, and these tokens can used within our ecosystem only. after the first months, any unused tokens will transferred the reward pool for new members. joint will not create new tokens once the fund exhausted. launch partners order grow our user base, we'll partner with leading publishers from around the world. total million joint tokens will distributed among launch partners. we'll implement smart contracts for the distribution tokens these partner publishers, with the condition least half these tokens shared with their communities. the launch partners can claim joint tokens, only they keep using our commenting solution. joint will not create new tokens once the fund exhausted. joint team have set apart million joint tokens for the team behind joint. out the allotted million tokens, will locked for the next years, and the remaining will distributed among team members and developers the end every quarter. joint will not create new tokens once the fund exhausted. reward pool order show our commitment towards creating fair content economy, have allotted million joint tokens for the reward pool. these tokens will used for publisher payouts and ecosystem rewards. marketing and development the current cryptocurrency landscape, well-thought-out marketing strategy critical the success any project. joint will work with marketing experts and agencies that specialize token sales and cryptocurrency projects. have allocated million joint tokens for our marketing and future development. joint will send unused tokens the reward pool. joint will not create new tokens once the fund exhausted. fund allocation joint will use the proceeds token sale for project development, administration, marketing and publisher acquisition, third-party services, and build market making fund. product development fund allocation we'll dedicate the sales proceed project development. our project team composed engineers, developers and marketers that number planned reach during the development phase our plan launch series related products for your content ecosystem. administration fund allocation nearly the token sale proceeds will used for administration purposes, involving expenses such legal, accounting, security, and similar administration costs. marketing publisher acquisition fund allocation marketing and publisher acquisition the key the success our content economy. we'll get some the most popular publishers onboard, which will help creating brand awareness. furthermore, we'll use these funds for the growth and maintenance our community. third party services fund allocation will set apart the sales proceeds for third-party services. order grow our platform, we'll hire and partner with party companies for marketing development tasks. market making fund allocation it's important plan for market making. will keep the raised funds address any market making process the future. joint roadmap our goal use the proceeds token sales for creating global content ecosystem that follows the principle collective growth. line with this goal, here roadmap will follow: joint commenting system our commenting system ready product, and we'll start onboarding publishers immediately after the token sale. april the first group publishers will join our platform april have done the background work ensure the onboarding popular publishers. august finishing backend transformation into cloud-based microservices handle growth. september we'll release our wordpress plugin for testing and mass implementation. our plan release beta version and improve per user feedback. november we'll release our block explorer apps for listing reward-related transactions and contents. december december will launch our own mobile apps. february we'll introduce another feature, content recommendations, which will show relevant content recommendations from the website accessed commenters. march we'll add subscription option for commenters, allowing them subscribe exclusive content from our network. joint adexchange will launch adexchange platform within the second quarter will allow advertisers secure placements throughout our network. content discovery content discovery another project that we'll add our content ecosystem. its main function allow users discover new content throughout our network. will show suggestions depending users' reading habits and preferences. for publishers, our content discovery feature will offer opportunity gain more visitors from joint's network. publishers will able market their content our platform spending joint tokens. our content discovery platform will live the third quarter joint affiliates joint affiliate program targeted towards the expansion our network. we'll introduce affiliate platform, allowing publishers earn commissions for generating sales and leads for advertisers. future forecast our goal become content ecosystem that grows with the needs our community. our belief that create solution that addresses all the real world issues faced publishers, advertisers, and network participants, will able expand our user base manifold. now, our focus launch our commenting system the immediate future, allowing the entire network rewarded for their efforts. our next goal onboard least publishers the long term, will continue build other blockchain platforms for publishers. our approach reward every participant content ecosystem will allow gain mass acceptance the future. faqs what joint tokens represent? joints are utility tokens that work joint decentralized apps. they are neither refundable nor are they securities for speculation. there promise future performance. there suggestion promise that joint has will hold particular value. joints give rights the company and not represent participation the company. joints are sold functional good. any value received the company may spent without conditions. what amount being raised? how many tokens will available during public launch? are targeting raise million usd with cap million tokens for the ico. not have plans organize another ico. what currencies are accepted the ico? eth what the price joint token the ico period? eth joint tokens how will joint use raised currencies during token launch? the eth received the crowdsale will used the joint team develop blockchain-based apps for publishers. how will joint store collected funds? joint will use the standard multisig wallets store collected funds. are joint tokens transferable? crowdsale tokens are immediately transferable. tokens used the commenting system may only donated used pay publishers for premium content for other services. disclaimer this whitepaper public draft and will improved and updated every month. joint ventures' vision depends upon many factors and subject many risks, including, without limitation, advances technology and changes applicable law; this whitepaper subject the disclaimers contained herein, and joint ventures reserves the right change, modify, add, remove portions this document any time before, during, and after the sale joint tokens. the joint tokens are designed functional utility tokens and are not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction. this document any part does not constitute prospectus offer document any type nature and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. this document does not constitute legal, tax, regulatory, financial, accounting, other advice, and this document not intended provide the sole basis for any evaluation joint, joint tokens, the joint ecosystem, the joint platform. before acquiring joint tokens, prospective purchaser should consult legal, investment, tax, accounting, and other advisors determine the potential benefits, burdens, and other consequences such transactions, joint ventures, joint tokens, the joint ecosystem, and the joint platform. bibliography https://www-.ibm.com/common/ssi/cgi-bin/ssialias?htmlfid=wrlusen https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/?hl=en https://blog.microfocus.com/how-much-data-is-created-on-the-internet-each-day/ http://www.visualcapitalist.com/dominance-google-and-facebook-one-chart/ https://www.forbes.com/sites/michaelkanellos////-smart-devices-ev ery-minute-in--idc-outlines-the-future-of-smart-things/#b https://www.smartinsights.com/internet-marketing-statistics/happens-online--secon ds/ http://www.worldometers.info/blogs/ https://www.wsj.com/articles/twitch-entices-video-creators-with-more-revenue-shari ng- http://www.ryangovindan.com////programmatic-out-of-site-is-money-out-o f-you-pocket/ https://digiday.com/media/facebooks-ad-breaks-are-not-bringing-in-a-lot-of-money-fo r-publishers/ https://pagefair.com/blog//traffic-whitepaper/ https://www.iab.com/insights/ad-blocking-blocks-ads-win-back/ http://www.ana.net/content/show/id/botfraud- https://www.wfanet.org/app/uploads///wfa_compendium_of_ad_fraud_ knowledge.pdf https://www.emarketer.com/article/emarketer-releases-new-us-programmatic-ad-s pending-figures/ https://www.theguardian.com/technology//mar//google-youtube-advertising -extremist-content-att-verizon http://www.ana.net/content/show/id/industry-initiative-recommendations-k