fueling the robotics economy white paper version june www.kambria.io info@kambria.io disclaimer read before continuing this white paper for information purposes only and may subject change. this white paper does not constitute offer solicitation sell securities. any such offer solicitation will made only means that are compliance with applicable securities and other laws. information opinions presented herein are intended form the basis for any purchase investment decision, and specific recommendations are intended. accordingly, this white paper does not constitute investment advice counsel solicitation for investment any security. this white paper does not constitute form part of, and should not construed as, any offer for sale subscription of, any invitation offer buy subscribe for, any securities, nor should any part form the basis of, relied any connection with, any contract commitment whatsoever. kambria token international, cayman islands exempted company ("kti") and its affiliates (collectively, the "company") expressly disclaim any and all responsibility for any direct consequential loss damage any kind whatsoever arising directly indirectly from: (a) reliance any information contained this white paper; (b) any error, omission inaccuracy any such information; and (c) any action resulting therefrom. the company cannot guarantee the accuracy the statements made conclusions reached this white paper. the company does not make, and expressly disclaims, all representations and warranties (whether express implied statute otherwise). this white paper does not constitute advice, nor recommendation, the company, its officers, directors, managers, employees, agents, advisors, consultants, any other person any recipient this white paper. this white paper may contain references third-party data and industry publications. far the company aware, the information reproduced this white paper materially accurate and such estimates and assumptions therein are reasonable. however, there are assurances the accuracy completeness such reproduced information. although information and data reproduced this white paper believed have been obtained from reliable sources, the company did not independently verify any the information data from third party sources referred this white paper the underlying assumptions relied upon such sources. the company makes promises future performance value with respect its proposed business operations, simple agreements for future tokens ("safts") kat (as defined herein), including promises inherent value, promises payments, and guarantees that safts kat will hold any particular value. unless prospective participants fully understand, comprehend, and accept the nature the company's proposed business and the potential risks inherent safts and kat, they should not participate the company's sale safts any kat. the offer and sale the safts and any kat have not been registered qualified under the securities, investment similar laws any jurisdiction anywhere the world, including under the united states securities act amended (the "securities act"), under the securities laws any u.s. state. the safts and any kat are being offered and sold solely outside the united states non-u.s. persons (as defined regulation under the securities act ("regulation s")) ("u.s. persons") and only jurisdictions where such registration qualification not required, including pursuant applicable exemptions that generally limit the purchasers who are eligible purchase the safts any kat and that restrict their transfer resale. the offer and sale the safts any kat does not constitute public offer securities the cayman islands. the purchaser required inform itself about, and west\. observe any restrictions relating to, the safts and any kat and any related documents the purchaser's jurisdiction. the safts may not offered sold the united states for the benefit u.s. persons unless they are registered under the securities act exemption from the registration requirements the securities act available. hedging transactions involving the safts may not conducted except compliance with the securities act. the safts and any kat may not offered, sold otherwise transferred, pledged hypothecated except permitted under applicable law. regulatory authority has examined approved any information set forth this white paper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements, rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution, dissemination this white paper does not imply that applicable laws, regulatory requirements, rules have been complied with. safts and kat may impacted regulatory action, including potential restrictions the ownership, use, possession kat. regulators other authorities may demand that the company revise the mechanics and functionality kat and the company's proposed operating model comply with regulatory requirements other governmental business obligations. the distribution dissemination this white paper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws, regulatory requirements, and rules any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable your possession this white paper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without any liability the company. persons whom copy this white paper has been distributed disseminated, provided access to, who otherwise have this white paper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce, otherwise distribute this white paper any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. caution regarding forward-looking statements certain statements this white paper constitute "forward-looking information" under applicable securities laws. except for statements historical fact, information contained herein constitutes forwardlooking statements, including (i) the projected performance the company; (ii) the completion of, and the use proceeds from, the sale the safts; (iii) the expected development the company's business, projects, and joint ventures; (iv) the execution vision and growth strategy, including with respect the company's future global growth; (v) the sources and availability third-party financing for the company's projects; (vi) the completion the company's projects that are currently underway, development otherwise under consideration; (vii) the ability kti's parent company kambria international, cayman islands exempted company ("ki"), with the assistance the kambria foundation, delaware non-stock corporation (the "foundation"), launch functional platform, which related the creation and issuance kat kti and the associated economic value thereof; and (viii) the future liquidity, working capital, and capital requirements. forward looking statements can also identified words such "can," "expected," "will" and other identifiers non-historical events. forward-looking statements are provided allow potential purchasers the safts the opportunity understand management's beliefs and opinions respect the future. the company early stage company with product development, and investment safts inherently risky. these statements are not guarantees future performance, and undue reliance should not placed them. such forward-looking statements necessarily involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which west\. may cause actual performance and financial results future periods differ materially from any projections future performance result expressed implied such forward-looking statements. although forward-looking statements contained herein are based upon what management believes are reasonable assumptions, forward-looking statements may prove inaccurate, actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated such statements. the company undertakes obligation update forward-looking statements circumstances management's estimates opinions should change, except required applicable securities laws. unless the context requires otherwise, this white paper the terms "founders," "we," "us" and "our" refer ki, and all dollar ($) amounts set forth herein refer united states dollars.] west\. abstract kambria decentralized open innovation platform managed kambria international ("ki") that will foster collaborative ecosystem, with the goal dramatically accelerating the development and adoption the world's most advanced robotic technologies. current progress the robotics industry impeded siloed development, wasted labor, and high startup costs. result, the pace innovation needlessly slowed. kambria's creation was born out our desire accelerate this process engaging community developers and tinkerers, providing them with the necessary tools, and connecting them through market demand. drawing inspiration from other widely popular open source operating systems like linux and android, the core the kambria platform open repository comprised high-level behavior library and modular hardware and software components for robotics. the repository designed maximize reusability and collaboration during development. using game theory and token economics, incentivizing the kambria community reach paretooptimal state continual cooperation investors, companies, contributors, and manufacturers, and users are empowered collaborate and help the ecosystem grow rapidly. our goal design and deliver the most capable yet affordable consumer robots the speed, efficiency, and ease. the founders believe that the kambria platform will unlock substantial innovation markets that are primed for technological transformation. imagine world where your ill stricken daughter doesn't have miss out playing with her grandma miles away; where she can safe alone; world where she given automated care around the clock; and where she can educated the best teachers the comfort her home. believe this reality can achieved the near future with the kambria robotics innovation platform built the community. interactions the platform are facilitated the kambria token created, issued and deployed kti ("kat"). companies can use kat issue bounty challenges which are awarded projects when fulfilled. individuals teams are rewarded with kat for designs code they contribute. manufacturers earn kat through production robots and robotic parts. community members use kat promote specific projects and fundraise for the shared technology. kat can also used fairly capture the value pay for enforcement legal rights created kambria platform participants and sustain the growing community. the kambria platform successful encouraging innovation the robotics industry, the founders will consider the application the kambria platform innovation other industries the future. west\. table contents introduction ......................................................................................................................................... shortfalls modern robotics........................................................................................................... ohmni robot .................................................................................................................................... mission statement........................................................................................................................... solution enablers: blockchain and crypto-economics ..................................................................... kambria architecture and utility token model.................................................................................. code base (kdna) ........................................................................................................................ the innovation marketplace and innovation utility......................................................................... the manufacturing alliance and manufacturing utility................................................................... value capture and community sustainability utility ...................................................................... legal enforcement utility ............................................................................................................... future development........................................................................................................................ team and advisors ............................................................................................................................ founding team ............................................................................................................................... leadership team ............................................................................................................................ advisors ......................................................................................................................................... roadmap ........................................................................................................................................... kambria platform roadmap ............................................................................................................ kambria robotics technology roadmap ........................................................................................ appendix ........................................................................................................................................... ohmni specs................................................................................................................................... ohmni tech stack .......................................................................................................................... ohmnilabs manufacturing capabilities .......................................................................................... west\. introduction shortfalls modern robotics within just few decades alan turing proposing the question: "can machines think?"i and joseph engelberger developing the first robot prototype, robotic machines were adopted massive scale the industrial work space. robotic arms can found many assembly lines, from manufacturing automobiles preparing meals. the revolution industrial robots was fueled advancement computing power and artificial intelligence. the former allowed robots programmed. the latter gave robots complex reasoning ability. more recently, robots have employed sensors interact with the real world handle wide range tasks. [large economic value, captured specialty machines working around the clock, hastened the use robotics all manufacturing lines.iii] although robots have succeeded finding their place manufacturing, they have not yet been widely adopted the home. after more than half century research, progress has been slow making affordable robots that can address our everyday needs the home. traditional development processes used robotics companies result high cost production, which not effective for the everyday consumer market. only robots programmed very simple household tasks, such vacuuming mowing, were able capitalize the small profit margins resulting from consumer products. highly functional robots, including the honda asimoiv that can walk the stairs and toyota's human support robotv that can fetch, are limited research facilities due their expensive price tags. ohmnilabs does not believe that this will commercially viable the near future. clear that the problems robotics engineers struggled with from the beginning robotic development are still prevalent today. lack good interfaces and abstraction layers for software, electrical, and mechanical systems. leads bias towards monolithic and non-modular designs results requirement for major redesign effort for any modifications makes the design hard reuse others and continues the cycle waste reduces efficiency since common point available for developers work off parallel lack tools, semantics, and methods share parts designs distributed fashion. many engineering domains involved robot design (mechanical, electrical, etc.) lack good tools for collaboration and sharing missing semantic linkages across systems, including software design electrical engineering, and electrical engineering mechanical engineering west\. currently, the development materials are chaotic tangle repos, directories, sheets bom parts, text assembly instructions, slicer settings, and supplier names scattered local servers and cloud storages significant portions expended effort are implicitly discarded. duplicated effort robotic manufacturers find good suppliers, select parts, negotiate terms, verify paperwork, and assemble in-house team very few practical standards instructions capture the comprehensive start-to-end process information robotic applications are slow, expensive, and hard make. innovation slowed. inadequate infrastructure and high-level abstractions for robot programming lack open platform and development tools accelerate innovation most explorative development bootstrapped and not supported capital funding only offered large scale mature projects slow turnaround, high minimums, and poor interfaces from "traditional" manufacturers. these design problems significantly slow development speed they are bottlenecks the design/build/test cycle they result higher costs, time, and effort due these challenges, the current pace robotics innovation needlessly slowed. the purpose the kambria platform for open innovation robotics free the robotics industry from these impediments and accelerate the evolution robotics technologies. our founders believe that the future too important controlled select few entities and the ethical responsibility the robotics community ensure that the development robots will more equitable and utilitarian. the robotics community must find ways collectively govern, and benefit from the coming revolution robotics. west\. ohmni robot the founders kambria had previously started robotics company called ohmnilabs, inc. ("ohmnilabs") was built upon the premise that accelerate adoption robotics homes, new type company was needed. being far away from home themselves, the founders could relate the needs for affordable robots that bring families closer. the founders set out design robots with modular components and utilize lean, toolless manufacturing. close the cost gap, they were ultra-focused iteration speed. reusability and integration were the cornerstones our fabrication process, allowing for orders magnitude less capital spent, and fraction the development time. the short span just two years, they were able prototype generations telepresence robot. the net result, the ohmni robot, quickly became one the leading products the consumer market unmatched price point. ohmni's mobility, range, simple controls, and easy access appealed users all ages and backgrounds. using the ohmni robot, families separated countries, continents, oceans could feel the distance fade away. children confined their illnesses could still interact with their classmates and teachers. ohmni was touted the new york times rosie the robot from "the jetsons"vi and cnn reported that "ohmni robot makes video chats feel like they are real life."vii the founders had successfully brought low-cost high-value robot market practicing philosophy ultra-lean, fast, and agile manufacturingviii. the goal has always been enhance the entire process, overcome existing shortfalls encountered the industry, and jump-start revolution robotics. west\. mission statement ki's mission accelerate the process innovation, enabling faster, cheaper, and easier development and adoption technologies. believes that fostering open collaborative ecosystem, where every contribution can easily shared, manufactured, and implemented will revolutionary. companies can benefit from the collective contribution from the community build custom applications without having employ teams experienced researchers who are very difficult find and employ. end users can enjoy the higher quality life afforded more available tech products and services. believes that combination reduced costs, cutting edge technologies, and swift delivery will spur rapid adoption the kambria platform companies, developers, and manufacturers. this cycle innovation will pave the way for the next wave innovations provide value for people across the world. order achieve this vision, ohmnilabs granting non-exclusive royalty-free license necessary components its ohmni robot, consisting robotics repository, high-level behavioral library, and modular components, the basis for the kambria platform. will own the applicable intellectual property rights associated with the platform. the founders named the platform kambria, after the cambrian explosion, million years ago, when accelerated evolutionary rate gave rise biodiversity and abundance. they believe the kambria platform will the catalyst for similar explosion robotic innovations. solution enablers: blockchain and crypto-economics "bitcoin gives us, for the first time, way for one internet user transfer unique piece digital property another internet user, such that the transfer guaranteed safe and secure, everyone knows that the transfer has taken place, and nobody can challenge the legitimacy the transfer. the consequences this breakthrough are hard overstate." marc andreessen, inventor the first browser, thought leader and top vc.ix "whilst open source has always had powerful network effects, the additional skin the game through direct financial stake puts open-source token-backed initiatives steroids." jamie burke, outlier venturesx west\. robotics developments today can explained using game theory.xi players this game have two choices: cooperate share knowledge and technology (c), defect and remain secretive (d). this analysis can encoded into standard payoff matrix seen table below. stands, the industry state (,), i.e., robot developers choose both defect and innovate within their own silos because there are incentives share information. the other hand, the risks share are great that robot developer willing deviate. so, the entire system stuck the worst-outcome nash equilibrium.xii (,) (-,) (,-) (,) table payoff matrix for robotics industry the founders believe that the kambria platform can tip the incentives the game achieve much better outcome where everyone incentivized share which will greatly accelerate innovation robotics. xiii adjusting the weights the incentives, believes that can significantly increase the rewards for cooperation while further increasing the cost defection: can design grim-trigger strategy xiv which the participants are encouraged cooperate the beginning and are subjected heavy penalty they defect. this change incentives where blockchain comes in. blockchain and crypto-economics provide unique mechanisms deliver the desired rewards and enforce penalties achieve pareto-optimality. blockchains enable systems that are open, transparent, trustless, and fully decentralized, overcoming the opacity and inefficiency traditional economic models when applied collaboration. the kambria platform built blockchain. introducing crypto-economics into the robotics development cycle, the kambria platform can leveraged reward cooperation and penalize defection achieve dramatically lower barrier entry for individuals and small teams collaborate; provide economic incentives contribute; capitalize network effects aggregate compelling technology; provide intermediation for the end-to-end robotics business challenges; and detect and denounce violations legal rights reduce the "free rider" effect. west\. section discusses how robotics development tokenized utilizing kti's deployment smart contracts and the erc token standard ethereum.xv section describes how code development and ownership can attributed on-chain using smart contracts. section introduces ki's open competition system using kat and tournament designs based game theory and also shows how kat owners can stake their assets on-chain create even more value-driven incentives. section discusses how stakeholders the kambria ecosystem use kat for payment and the novel ways this design can reduce transactional friction. sections and explore how kat can further facilitate value capture and legal enforcement. finally, section describes the future work fully develop the kambria ecosystem, and explores the multitude verticals that kambria platform could used scale broad social impact. west\. kambria architecture and utility token model the kambria platform architecture made five pillars: code base (kdna), the innovation marketplace, the manufacturing alliance, value capture, and legal enforcement. each pillar directly addresses the shortfalls modern robotics development detailed section and designed maximize the incentives for collaborative development based game theory listed section interactions the platform are facilitated kat and kambria karma. kat native erc utility token created, issued and deployed kti. its main functions are enable access the kambria platform, reward participation, and align incentives for all stakeholders the ecosystem. kambria karma not erc token, but rather non-tradeable ledger entry for wallet addresses. kambria karma used track actual work performed. also incentive promote useful work and awarded for concrete contributions. details will explained further subsequent sections. west\. code base (kdna) modularity the essence the kambria platform, and the basis for reusability and efficient collaboration. kambria dna (kdna) the platform's semantically rich module management and build system. crosses hardware, firmware, software, electrical, and mechanical boundaries directly specify all components and subcomponents built robot. for example, the motor system that gives ohmnilabs' ohmni telepresence robot mobility combination electrical engineering (motor controller board), firmware (commutation algorithms), mechanical designs (housing, mounting, etc.), manufacturing processes, sourcing, assembly, tools, cabling, software (api), and other components. the design kambria kdna inspired combination the npmxvi node.js package manager and the android open source project's repoxvii tool ("aosp"). each module git repository which can hosted any cloud service (i.e., github, bitbucket), developer's own server, perhaps stored ipfs the future for decentralization. kdna codebase architecture designed pragmatic maximizing reuse the tools that everyone familiar with and already using. modules can linked ki's distributed module registry (the "kambria code base") which smart contract the ethereum blockchain. registering the module only needs publicly-accessible uri the repo, and unique name. this process does not certify any particular amount work done ownership, but links the repo into the kambria code base. furthermore, every module/repository has the ability hold, receive and send funds, and participate on-chain mechanisms (voting, signaling, staking, etc.). each module also contains root-level file which semantic description the contents the module. this function makes the system semantically processable i.e., subdirectory contains the firmware that's used the pcb subdirectory which part this particular cad'ed mechanical assembly subdirectory the module files also list dependencies other modules global name, with version constraints (like npm). the build system, like repo, can scan the on-chain registry and fetch all modules appropriate versions from all repositories. the modules are included into directory hierarchy (like aosp) and tools can used things like compile across modules, generate bill materials information, generate assembly instructions, export files for printing, etc. the future, kambria developer tools will allow this semantically-rich data easily viewed and modified across all repositories. additionally, will explore opportunities improve game theory and product interactions with the robotics and crypto communities. some examples may include: tipping projects/users with kat, leaderboards and surfacing projects that hold the most kat, reputation systems, other applications kambria karma, periodic community-wide signaling rounds estimate the value each project, etc. west\. bringing projects and users on-chain, has the flexibility evaluate which approaches create the strongest incentive alignment. the combination open source codebase, component language, and development tools makes the core ki's robotics innovation platform. kdna maximizes freedom, prevents lock-in, and empowers all current collaborative methods. the innovation marketplace and innovation utility. the innovation marketplace the heart ki's open innovation model. kat are used signaling mechanism well reward when value-adding work completed. top-down signaling driven the desire for new technology added the kambria ecosystem, where the party parties needing the technology want find experts that can provide solutions. for example, large company that wants apply robotics their own business may need custom sensor, manipulator, control logic. they can use kat submit bounty that describes the project terms: the work done, the judging criteria, expert judges from the community,xviii tranches timing, and payout schedule. these terms are encoded smart contract, with links additional bounty data offchain. kat used for the bounty are staked the smart contract while the bounty remains open. bounties can range from small ($-$k usd) large ($k-k usd) enormous ($m+ usd). furthermore, others can join existing open bounties staking their own kat increase the size the prize pool, essentially directing the development solutions based the signaled needs the community. intends include tranches/multiple tournament rounds the bounty design there may financial overhead for innovative but poorly funded teams some cases. included, early tranche based detailed project proposal may win small set funds used the team for materials/spending required reach the next tranche. k-prize the name given set widely publicized bounties/competitions with large prizes (typically $k+ usd) that are run the foundation and/or ki. these prizes will target and push forward the development key capabilities that unlock new value/application for robot platforms. they are modeled after the xprize challenges and other robotics competitions like the darpa challenges, robocup, well the various navigation picking challenges held various robotics conferences. they are key for demonstrating the public the increasing usefulness and capabilities the kambria platform. also recognizes that many corporations may need assistance purchasing kat for bounties and thus the foundation and/or dedicating team and part the holdings (in the form the community fund) guide/assist companies making the process easy possible. west\. the manufacturing alliance and manufacturing utility the manufacturing alliance will collaborative partnership where top manufacturers share knowledge, resources, and maintain apis/standards. the manufacturing alliance goal provide network ultra-lean and ultra-fast robotics manufacturing centers around the world. members the alliance are committed the open process turning kdna into fabricated robots quickly. this capability reduces the need for the supply chain, sourcing, negotiating, paperwork handling, stocking, and manufacturing work currently being duplicated every maker and robotics company. sharing knowledge ultra-lean production, manufacture scaling, metal printing, and other innovative processes not yet common the industry, participants the kambria platform will have considerable advantage over traditional competitors. the manufacturing alliance will initially led ohmnilabs with strong interest from existing partners taiwan and japan. and/or the foundation intends invite other interested manufacturers join. ohmnilabs also the founding member the manufacturing alliance. based its expertise design, engineering, and manufacturing, ohmnilabs able fulfill orders right the start the kambria platform deployment. ohmnilabs prioritizes speed, reusability, and efficiency every process, including supply selection and printing. fact, ohmnilabs the first company bring large scale robotics production via additive manufacturing. currently, ohmnilabs has printers capable printing ohmni-sized robots per month. ohmnilabs can add capacity about robots per month every month with subteam four (scales accordingly). this was achieved through ohmnilabs own design and manufacturing printers. kat are used for access and payment the manufacturing network. for payments kat, the order can directly processed smart contract. the total cost for particular kdna set the manufacturer and enables the manufacturer charge appropriate margin for the work involved. anticipates the manufacturer can sell kat exchange obtain required fiat, currency for suppliers outside the kambria platform, and/or the foundation may maintain reserve (replenished periodically) facilitate exchange for manufacturers. west\. value capture and community sustainability utility kat are also used capture the value created the kambria platform with the intent making the kambria community sustainable and not dependent donations (as the case for many other large nonprofits open source communities). also intended key piece economically incentivize the community participate and add value the kambria platform. over the life robot, has identified three major value capture points: when robot manufactured when robot sold leased for profit/commercial use when robot performs value-adding task that someone willing pay for will seek ensure that each value capture point recorded with the creation new value. for instance, prior the complete robot being manufactured, the individual components have little individual value. the point which the robot completed and becomes usable, some the created value should the manufacturer and some the value returns the community and individuals that made the completed robot possible. the second capture point after manufacturer has done the work with find specific productmarket fit. the company must invest capital able achieve understanding customers, branding and marketing, and other costs required reach the market. thus, the customer willing pay some amount for the robot that enables the manufacturer have profit. fair part this value should captured reward the kambria community. the third capture point occurs where robotic labor based highly-capable robots becomes fungible. instead customer paying for entire robot, purchases robot labor demand (robotics service). the future, the robot may able submit some privacy-preserving proof work on-or-off chain performs requested tasks, and the user must pay the robot correspondingly. part the value created robotic labor should back the kambria community. when value capture point occurs, the fee enforced either directly smart contract (if payment received kat, ether, potentially other cryptocurrencies) the receiving entity obligated submit the fees smart contract (if payment fiat currency) according the terms the license. necessary, they must purchase kat market price exchange via exchange service facilitated and/or the foundation obtain the necessary kat. the on-chain transaction method preferred, though for practicality may allow fiat transactions happen accordance with regulations. west\. fees the form kat are then sent the smart contract on-chain, and set rules handles the distribution tokens contributors. the goal with fees keep them reasonable enough that the kambria community well rewarded for the hard work, but the advantage for companies use kambria significantly greater than they were the work their own. the time and cost building new robotics team from scratch, spending development dollars, and then having risk that what was developed can reach the market very risky and the challenge borne robotics companies today. reasonable fee for usage should significantly more attractive any company looking transform its business provide service users through robotics. legal enforcement utility the kambria ecosystem, great amount ideation, technology, capital, and experience will amassed and shared. believes that keeping the technology and the core platform open will essential maintaining the pace rapid innovation. the kambria legal compliance team will protect the collective work the kambria community pursuing compliance and enforcement through legal action against free-riders and violators the license. similar bounties, anyone the kambria community can flag possible violation creating case smart contract) that can track/run votes and receive pool staked token donations. each case will also link off-chain collaboration like wiki page slack channels where those interested the case can confer, collect and share evidence, and coordinate enforcement subject compliance with any relevant laws third party funding litigation. the primary signaling mechanism, called kambriavote, will essentially similar long-running carbonvotexix on-chain. wants incentivize the kambria community participate signaling without any economic loss potential cases may gather momentum for long period time even prior any legal action being initiated. implicitly, every kat holder abstains. mapping retained every address support and any block, the total kat held supporting addresses signals the total level support. kat holders are free change their vote any time sending another transaction with their updated vote. all open source projects deal with the free-rider problem, where those who aren't contributing the project derive large economic gain that isn't shared with the people who performed work. the combination significant advantages participating the system (sharing community rewards, access fast-evolving technology, etc.) and disadvantage/penalty being free-rider should help motivate honest participation. west\. future development after the beta network launch, will continue develop the platform and expand the utility kat the following areas: future development for innovation marketplace another unique feature that has designed into the innovation token flow that provides game-theoretical incentives. introduces the concept kambria karma. karma non-transferrable ledger entry per account that entitles the holding account share bonus the use fees generated the kambria platform. the key that kambria karma cannot generated from capital alone. the exact mechanism will developed the future. the long-term incentive from holding kambria karma gives the mechanism solve the first-mover problem providing strong economic advantage those who participate issuing bounties. this structure enables the work shared openly across the entire community while rewarding those who participate early and often. future development for manufacturing alliance any kdna design conforming the kambria manufacturing standards and vetted panel experts can fabricated, little few days. the time savings tremendous and the ability collaborate increases significantly because work can immediately duplicated from person person just like software. will pay special attention reducing friction and making the model work for payments directly katxx (for highly involved kambria participants) and for payments fiat other cryptocurrencies (i.e., eth, bitcoin). there are added complexities because typical manufacturer will likely have make many fiat purchases from suppliers. outlines the solution these challenges below. for payments fiat currency, the order manually recorded on-chain the manufacturer. the manufacturer will use some the fiat currency pay fiat-based expenses directly, but might use the same percentage license fee buy kat (from any exchange from foundation and/or reserve) and then send them the smart contract for value capture. mentioned above, each manufacturer required post stake/deposit kat when the smart contract created show good faith and involvement the community. this also "pay" for the trust required for the manufacturer accept and process the order. the exact amount the deposits and the conditions will determined later date. the first set manufacturers will accordingly vetted the foundation and/or ki, but the founders expect develop rules demonstrate this process and allow new manufacturers join over time. west\. future alternative considering that still requires trust (but moves the point trust the foundation and/or instead each manufacturer) have foundation and/or non-transferrable entry credit similar factom's entry credits which can purchased directly from the foundation and/or ki. the resulting fiat currency held the community fund. users then pay the manufacturer on-chain via the manufacturer's smart contract, and the manufacturer can close the loop sending the credits back the foundation and/or ki, which releases the fiat currency. careful design this system can make this entire process transparent the end user. envisions that many companies and individuals may start interacting with kambria platform purchasing the latest available robotics platforms use fiat currency, until they want start making their own customizations and become familiar with the kat and knda codebase. this actually significant win for the community establishes stable flow fiat currency and other currencies into kat. this system designed avoid lock-in and maximize the freedom participants. kdna encodes comprehensive information that individuals companies can directly the end suppliers themselves and source and fabricate/assemble all parts. manufacturers provide time saved, reduced costs from economies scale, and the ability then clone make multiple designs with more effort than adjusting the number the order. future development for value capture bottom-up signaling recognizes the importance and foresight leading developers the community proposing new and important work. every project individual the kambria ecosystem can propose gofundme kickstarter style project describing the work done and desired contribution amount. via traditional curation/voting process, the kambria community can surface the top proposals, which are again stored on-chain smart contracts essentially using the same bounty mechanism with few different bits. bounty work completed and validated, the smart contracts will disburse funds either immediately (based multi-sig other voting done the appointed bounty judges) setting distribution schedule the funds are released over time. believes that bounties distributed over time can provide financial stability the winning teams and also incentivize them keep engaging with the kambria community. either case, additional logic can set automatically triggered when the competition concluded, such ongoing maintenance contracts for the winning team continue improving its code designs. future development for legal enforcement kat can used both signaling mechanism and community fundraising method for legal compliance and enforcement. west\. this mechanism also enables external interest the case. kat has large market cap and participation these votes high, potentially large amounts dollars could signaled support legal action. this alone may bring spotlight violators and incentivize them come into compliance. certain levels signaled support (may hardcoded may based relative support level), the foundation's and/or ki's management will review and engage legal counsel make determination the cost the community, chances success, and expected return given the available data. this information will made available the case (off-chain) and votes can conducted determine legal action should proceed now wait for more support/evidence/etc. this voting occurs with the same mechanism though, this case, specific future block number selected which point the tally will decide the outcome. once vote passes initiate action, donations will accepted via staked kat the smart contract. based the estimated costs the case, once the fundraising amount reaches the threshold, legal action will start. and/or the foundation will manage withdrawing (proportionally) from the pool fund the legal team. with bounties, spending/withdrawals from the pool might generate kambria karma proportion all the pool participants. the case fails, any unspent kat will returned proportionally the stakers. the case succeeds, the awarded amount kat that owed license fee will returned the community via the value capture mechanism (above section). the license should include reasonable excess penalty when violation terms proven. the excess penalty kat (minus legal fees) will returned the staked pool and proportionally refunded all contributors. the award large, then entirely possible that the stakers will receive more kat than they staked, though return should expected stakers. token holder perks program large community roboticists together valuable resource. based this, the foundation and/or intends negotiate and manage perks program for all kat holders, such discounted access makerspaces, co-working spaces, parts/tools/supplies. participate the program, the roboticists only need hold minimum one kat wallet and able validate ownership that wallet. subsequent tiers ($+, etc.) will give the roboticists access additional perks/discounts and/or the foundation negotiates them. more details will announced the future. ---------------------------the founders believe innovation many other industries has problems similar robotics. but the future the human species depends our ability continue innovate and create new technology. they hope that the experience with the kambria platform can applied other industries. with the kambria experience, the founders are considering how redefine and accelerate the innovation process other industries. west\. together, the founders believe that the experience with the kambria platform can help build ecosystems which enthusiasts, universities, startups, and big corporations can come together and pave the way for the next wave innovations provide value the people the world! west\. team and advisors founding team dr. thuc vu, co-founder, game theory thuc serial entrepreneur with multiple company acquisitions, the last one google. has deep expertise game theory, tournament design, and multi-agent systems. earned his ph.d. from stanford and b.s. from carnegie mellon, both computer science. thuc social entrepreneur vietnam, involved several community projects. jared go, co-founder, robotics blockchain jared avid maker and roboticist, previously cto and founding member networks startup. has extensive experience blockchain, ai, real-time graphics, vr, mechanical engineering, and electrical engineering. jared stanford graduate fellow, and has b.s. computer science from carnegie mellon university. tingxi tan, co-founder, cloud computing and blockchain tingxi has background cloud computing, network infrastructure and distributed system design. has been active crypto investment since was responsible for building the global scale cloud infrastructure networks startup. tingxi graduated with m.sc. computer science the university calgary and b.sc. applied math western university. west\. leadership team prof. manuela veloso, and robotics manuela veloso the herbert simon university professor the school computer science carnegie mellon university. she was the president aaai (association for the advancement artificial intelligence) until and the co-founder and past president the robocup federation. she fellow aaai, ieee, aaas, and acm. she international expert artificial intelligence and robotics. dhana pawar, marketing dhana pawar seasoned business and product management executive. she has launched award-winning, innovative products with emphasis delighting consumers. she has led teams develop compelling applications which led strategic acquisitions and mergers. her other expertises include product management, product strategy, end-to-end product development, and partnerships. ned semonite, partnerships ned semonite brings wealth experience seasoned product and marketing professional with over years experience bringing innovative hi-tech products and services enterprise and consumer markets. mr. semonite contributed significantly the development the videoconferencing industry. his various past leadership roles, ned worked sign and develop telco channel partners, then rose through the organizations series management roles including product management, engineering, and evp worldwide marketing. west\. prof. tra vu, finance tra has background financial and civil engineering. she earned her master's financial engineering and her phd transportation planning engineering from the nyu tandon school engineering. tra currently teaches her alma mater and was responsible for leading her previous company designing the first city-wide transit signal priority system new york city. dr. minh nguyen, research graduated from the albert einstein college medicine with phd genetics, minh has gained broad research expertise cancer study and its genetic root. she received her b.s/m.s biochemistry from george mason university, and was awarded the best graduate student for her class. she believes that active open and robotics platform will advance research every field exponentially, especially medical sciences. lien cao, vietnam operations lien has over decade experience operation management. she was the program manager the advance program computer science the university science vietnam. she also co-founded berich corporation and has been serving its managing director. lien believes leading from the heart and wishes little things make the world better place. west\. advisors simon seojoon kim, ceo, hashed simon seojoon kim ceo and founding partner hashed, leading crypto fund based south korea. blockchain evangelist and organizer hashed lounge, premier blockchain seoul meetup community. prior hashed, simon was serial entrepreneur and co-founded numerous companies. served chief product officer knowre, ed-tech startup that was named one the world's top most innovative companies education fast company. loi luu, co-founder, kybernetwork loi luu researcher working cryptocurrencies, smart contract security and distributed consensus algorithms. also regularly invited speaker bitcoin and ethereum workshops such devcon and edcon. loi believes the force the ethereum and blockchain technology. much his work revolves around this community. developed oyente, the first open-source security analyzer for ethereum smart contracts. loi also cofounded smartpool, another open source project which embraces decentralization mining pools existing cryptocurrency. continues champion decentralisation and trustless properties the blockchain with kybernetwork, taking inspiration and developing value for the community. george li, co-founder, wetrust george ex-googler who previously co-founded cottonbrew, stanford startx computer vision company. prior that, held roles corporate strategy and infrastructure google, and was consultant mckinsey. holds m.s. management science engineering from stanford and b.s. electrical and computer engineering from rutgers. long vuong, ceo and founder, tomochain long vuong ceo and founder tomochain, public blockchain infrastructure providing innovative solution the scalability problem with the ethereum blockchain. often invited guest speaker many reputable blockchain events around the globe. prior, long vuong was cofounder and the former project lead very successful nem blockchain (new economy movement). phd candidate economics umass-amherst, massachusetts, u.s roger lim, co-founder, neo global capital roger lim experienced angel and blockchain investor. the founding partner neo global capital and advisor for projects like bluzelle, qlink, coinfi, thekey, tomocoin, chain, west\. switcheo, open platform, and nos. also successful entrepreneur who founded webvisions, asian cloud hosting company. mike hodges, managing director, ata ventures mike managing director ata ventures and active member ata's new investment team. serves the board directors clustrix, billeo, fredio, modern video, trilibismobile, ucirrus, shocking, and zoosk. has sourced provides backup support other current portfolio companies including accelops, edgewave, jobvite, and medagate. mike joined ata ventures venture partner, after having built reputation successful ceo and interim ceo. mike credited with several successful turn-around efforts, including tellium, telecom networking company that began technology spinout from bellcore (tellium completed public offering $.b furthermore, mike filled ceo iceo roles variety venture-backed technology startups, including cygnet systems, biometric imaging, skystream, nanogram, bandwidth, onetta, silvan networks, and memx. dr. david nguyen, chairman, regulus dr. david nguyen president vietnam chamber commerce singapore (vietcham singapore) where advise various vietnamese and international enterprises with their local and global business expansion. also chairman regulus investment and capital holdings, private equity funds singapore, vice president vietnamese association singapore. david has assisted and helped over vietnamese smes and startups expand global market through singapore gateway. the blockchain focus, david advisor many icos and co-author the book vietnam: "blockchain and investment icos: the basics, the pathway financial freedom together with loi luu, ceo and co-founder kyber network. david holds ph.d from universite maine france, double mba marketing and strategy from nanyang business school nanyang technological university, singapore. lily sarafan, ceo, homecare assistance lily sarafan ceo home care assistance, the leading consumer health company the in-home care market, with mission change the way the world ages. lily also investor and advisor for startups and firms, and mentor for startups, startx, and endeavor. she serves boards for high-impact organizations including the stanford alumni association, the freeman spogli institute, the berkeleyhaas center for building innovation economies, shared studios, and the women's alzheimer's movement. lily holds m.s. management science and engineering and b.s. science technology and society with minor middle eastern studies from stanford university, where she was eben tisdale fellow and class president. west\. matt dimaria, ceo, eye-fi matt transformational leader with record accomplishment internet things (iot), software service (saas), and software consumer and business-to-business markets. has demonstrated success consistently developing high performance teams that contributed generating over billion shareholder value delivering market leading products and services for thousands companies and millions consumers. matt currently working ceo residence (cir) alpine investors, based san francisco, california. darryl burton, policy and product lead, cms darryl has solid expertise program planning and management, staff and team coordination, budget and resource allocation, cost reduction, and contract and proposal negotiation honed from wideranging experience within healthcare, government, and private sectors, and the military. darryl policy and product lead centers for medicare medicaid services. west\. roadmap kambria platform roadmap from day roboticists and companies will able collaborate with purchasing ohmni platform and customizing the hardware and software themselves. will ensure that the smart contract and codebase development, well the core robotics platform development can proceed parallel without any hard dependencies. the individual areas below will also developed parallel and iteratively based feedback from the community: code base complete first pass git smart contract linkage, along with dapps view and manage the linkage, account balances, etc. deploy smart contract registry for the kambria codebase tipping, bounty award mechanisms implemented implement kdna compilation/dependency language create the guidelines, standards, and any extra tools for format interchange/collaboration material guide and help other teams onboard who aren't familiar with the crypto space begin participating west\. design codebase/game theoretic new part/process reduction marketplace/bounties assemble teams expert roboticists for judging panels establish roadmap and timeframes for issuance and/or foundation bounties implement and iterate test bounty contracts that allow for the range flexibility desired: judging, immediate and periodic payouts, multiple rounds, tournament design, etc. ensure the linkage on-chain bounty contracts and the off-chain wiki, docs, and other materials clear and usable manufacturing build relationships with interested alpha partners and suppliers beyond our existing set develop draft specification the target supported materials and processes with kma members develop tools for automated manufacturability assessments for subcomponents kdna implement manufacturer smart contracts accept kdna orders and kat payment test end-to-end kdna orders with each process flow printing, pcb assembly, etc.) implement linkages fee capture smart contract value capture implement contract for returning value both kat and karma holders implement community fund smart contracts, managed and/or foundation multi-sig legal lock down source license with legal team and ensure compatibility with other licenses currently being used keep top legal teams retainer develop legal case smart contracts and mechanisms for signaling, voting, and staking west\. phases and milestones january march kambria mvp deploy key smart contracts testnet have github repos linkable the testnet contracts ohmni robots available order base platform. continue building out apis and sdks based needs and engage other roboticists guiding the development june september kambria beta kdna available. kdna describes all internal component files (mechanical, electrical, software) and the relationship between files. ancillary data like bom, build instructions and images are also available open kti kat smart contracts mainnet open kambriavote smart contracts mainnet open bounty smart contracts mainnet purchase ohmni robot and ohmni devkit using kat. visualize projects /codebase that uses kdna specifications. bounties and competition modules available orders are fabricated into real-world parts fast possible issue initial top-down bounties mainnet and start bringing the new technology into kambria codebase for all share start initial bounties for add-ons, enhancements, and other valuable technology contributions kambria. these may start off-chain and move on-chain once the smart contracts are ready full release full release ohmni kdna the kambria code base under open source license all bounty systems and dapps active, released, and usable token perks holder program available extended utility manufacturing, value capture, and legal enforcement. west\. kambria robotics technology roadmap jumpstart the kambria codebase, provide the software and hardware for ohmni royalty free "open source basis," ohmni state-of-the-art telepresence robot which represents generations iteration and development encompassing more than years. through ki, roboticists can immediately modify ohmni's kdna and customize for their specific tasks. part the motivation the ohmnilabs' founder for founding and the foundation comes from the many requests ohmnilabs received for custom robots. ohmnilabs realized that for many interesting applications, ohmni was already percent the way there and only needed the last percent customized. without being open, modifiable platform, the only alternative for these individuals and companies have custom robot would build the robot they need from scratch, manually "hack up" other robots non-scalable way. enables innovative exploration significantly reduced cost. ohmnilabs will continue develop the telepresence robot, well market, manufacture, support, sell, and contribute funds and/or the foundation. the robot will continue called ohmni. ohmnilabs' goal will provide the premiere telepresence robot the market the lowest possible cost. addition, ohmnilabs will building and releasing another version the ohmni robot kambria platform intended for developers, similar turtlebot, aibo, nao, and pepper platforms. however, instead the long two- three-year cycles, continuous development will ensure release cycle every six months. ohmnilabs has internal roadmap develop the following listed technologies, which can potentially released and open kambria platform, with specific licensing agreement place. these will the necessary building blocks for more effective and flexible robotics the future. west\. navigation/localization/positioning assisted navigation (cmu) partnering with intel integration autonomous mapping navigation with high level behavior language cloud map storage, merging, refinement cloud uis for interactive mapmaking and semantic tagging visual odometry infrastructure (partner) world interaction low cost dof arm high level positioning language low cost dof gripper teleoperation predictive haptic feedback (also for training) sensory api vision tensorflow-based transfer learning system cloud training, local model deployment ultra streamlined west\. sensory api speech tuned hotword detection and command detection scriptable commands and interactions audio and camera hardware improvements choice camera modules, open system (hdr, zoom) distributed mic and positional array ultra-natural sound/voice low frequencies (subwoofer) general autonomous behavior neural network for attention model observe environment and learn embedded system work ultra-high power computation platform (tegra laptop class) demos demo autonomous plant watering demo periodic photo inspection things along route demo tennis ball pickup and organizing demo tour guide, delivery tasks (cobots-style capabilities) demo smart and unobtrusive following and monitoring/checking person demo look for object certain areas, pick and bring over low-cost/telepresence platform above enhancements plus floor-to-ceiling height adjustment cost reductions high capability platform open, zr, new cameras, etc. multi-agent coordination platform ohmniapi integrated motion and actions couple sensing primitives west\. design and form factors explore material like cloth, etc. base form factors like holonomic drive, outdoor/off-road version, and above water/underwater version (partner with first other) west\. appendix ohmni specs physical specs height: weight: lbs. base dimensions: front wheels diameter: rear wheel diameter: core system aaeon board intel(r) atomtm x-z processor cache, ghz ghz) cpu with bit architecture; quad core ddrl- emmc and software android custom modified ohmnilabs west\. connectivity wifi: .a/b/g/n/ac cellular: g/lte via your own wifi hotspot display custom ips ultra-thin modular display, -point touchscreen maximum brightness: nits completely modular hdmi input for video and usb for touchscreen cameras based usb cameras field view: deg, option for larger pixel size: for low-light sensitivity peak dynamic range: mic and speaker omnidirectional, far-field mic dsp with echo cancellation and automatic gain control touch controls for volume and mute battery and charging lifepo battery integrated charger with cell balancing integrated cell protection charging dock output, /hz adapter chargesense weight/dimensions motors capable ohmni glide drive design, ultra quiet -bit absolute rotational odometry via ams magnetic encoder neck servo and usb hub integrated herkulex drs- servo west\. ohmnilabs -port embedded usb hub including ftdi serial chip and output base leds -bit rgb animatable led strips ohmni tech stack beyond the design, hardware, and physical components the robot, ohmnilabs will provide royalty free, non-exclusive license for this firmware and software. these include: ohmnilabs version android-x with custom intel video acceleration improvements designed for the board ohmnilabs usb touchscreen firmware, making possible re-use low-cost multi-touch tablet screens with any base embedded system ohmnilabs glidedrive firmware brushless motor controllers with custom commutation logic based absolute magnetic encoder, supports advanced position and velocity control, torque limiting, odometry, and more ohmnilabs hardware accelerated compositing camera hal driver ohmnilabs vision-based autodocking system ohmni api high-level, media-rich language for programming robot behavior cloud-based control and programming infrastructure west\. ohmnilabs manufacturing capabilities capability additive manufacture print: size xyz pla petg capability waterjet cut: aluminum stainless steel acrylic capability laser cut and etch: acrylic west\. felt capability fabricate cable assemblies capability fabricate pcbs and pcb assembly: parts from digikey mouser capability source hardware/fasteners: mcmaster, etc. amazon aliexpress coming soon: ability print metal key game changer) coming soon: ability print packaging material west\. turing, computing machinery and intelligence. http://loebner.net/prizef/turingarticle.html. accessed september tribute joseph engelberger." https://www.robotics.org/joseph-engelberger/about.cfm. accessed september iii https://www.manufacturingtomorrow.com/article///robots-in-manufacturing-applications/ "asimo the world's most advanced humanoid robot." http://asimo.honda.com/. accessed september "toyota partner robot family." http://www.toyotaglobal.com/innovation/partnerrobot/family.html. accessed september gustke, the new york times. seniors welcome new, battery-powered friends. january nyti.ms/zxkv. vii yurieff, cnn. ohmni home robot makes video chats feel like they're irl. april cnnmon.ie/yqwpj. viii leung, forbes. meet the hardware startup that's manufacturing their telepresence robots california. august bit.ly/zqybun. "what blockchain technology?" https://www.coindesk.com/information/what-is-blockchaintechnology/. accessed september "community token economies white paper." https://outlierventures.io/cte-wp. accessed september fudenberg, and tirole, (). "game theory." the mit press. xii engel, christoph (). "intellectual property carrot for innovators. using game theory show the limits the argument." max planck institute for research collective goods. xiii tan, techburst. innovation inspired blockchain. october bit.ly/gxq. xiv fudenberg, and tirole, (). "game theory." the mit press. section https://ethereum.org/. xvi https://www.npmjs.com/. xvii https://source.android.com/source/using-repo. xviii the foundation and/or favors contests with quantifiable and measurable results, that judge selection more efficient, i.e., can avoid having detailed audits for impartiality. thus, the judges west\. can act more like executors, uploading proof-of results off-chain and referencing them on-chain when awarding the bounties. xix http://carbonvote.com/ go, medium. the next wave: why on-ramps and abstractions are key mainstreaming cryptocurrency adoption. october bit.ly/zfbjnt. west\.