white paper karmaglobal.tech karma, when properly understood, just the mechanics through which consciousness manifests. deepak chopra important disclaimer please read this document (also referred herein white paper) introduces karma, blockchain-based solution for creating, managing and growing member communities various sizes, across multiple use-cases. this document distributed publically solely for the purpose announcing the karma project, its development goals currently understand them (subject change), and solicit comments from the developer community. not intended serve binding commitment contract. this document not offer tokens (whether they are deemed securities otherwise), solicitation offer purchase tokens. all statements contained herein are qualified subject applicable law. karma inspired systems previously built and operated karma international, llc (karma international). those systems are the result years investment and dedicated work. however, karma will developed and operated separate and distinct entity established serve best those purposes (referred this white paper karma global tech, ltd). various persons who were previously, are currently, will the future associated with karma international may provide services the karma global tech, ltd connection with their employment retention karma global tech, ltd. however, they so, this will their capacities and way connection with their various associations with karma international. contents introduction terminology and acronyms the challenge the karma solution market analysis the team executive officers dylan marer michael costache greg marer blockchain architects legal advisors branding event marketing strategic karma advisors business model revenue streams karma operational costs customer verticals social impact karma community grant karma's prospective customer base technology stack dapp design offchain stack the karma token economics and functional specifications membership organization and chapter governance event ticketing donations and crowdfunding karma platform other uses created the network modules core modules custom modules karma marketplace module admission module management karma's long-term goals token sale tge bonuses tge funding allocations legal considerations roadmap every action take generates force energy that returns kind. when consciously choose actions that bring happiness and success others, the fruit our karma happiness and success. deepak chopra introduction karma bold initiative which leverages the power decentralization and blockchain technology empower membership-based organizations around the world. our slogan perfectly sets forth karma's vision: world's first decentralized smart community network. this considerably more than just slogan for us, but rather the basis for all our combined efforts. our mission become the core provider such tools empowering communities all shapes and sizes and allowing them scale new heights. all this while providing them with support and incentives along the way. truly effective community network doesn't just track members activities but catalyses participation and help organizations reach their goals. the blockchain capabilities the karma community network software platform and, more specifically, the karma international token (kit), lay the foundation all these efforts: allowing organizations launch, manage, build and operate karma and ensuring thriving, sustainable and diverse module and support ecosystem. karma also seamlessly integrates best breed off-chain technologies provide completely optimized and modularized solution. this white paper describes what karma under the hood, how will brought life our team, and our vision and approach for bringing karma into the world. terminology and acronyms term stands for description kml karma member lounge the current, custom-built community network, the foundation for our upcoming efforts. karma karma global tech, ltd the entire solution offered karma power membership-based organizations and manage their transactions and operations. karma instance single community organization that utilizes karma each community organization powered karma will have its own completely encapsulated karna instance. each karma instance will benefit from the full karma solution and the use kit. kit karma international token the ethereum-based token which allows each karma instance tap into the powerful benefits the blockchain offered karma. tge token generation event the process securely generating and transferring your purchased kit tokens. module karma module useful collection related functions (e.g., "billing") which can selectively deployed and customized karma instances based their requirements. modules can created and reused many parties (including our community developers), resulting karma continuously improving. marketplace karma marketplace the hub for publishing, distributing and managing all karma modules, including those created the developer community. developer community the home karma module developers all members the kit token holder community who publish and distribute modules. the challenge spinning new software platform support the growing business models organizations considerable challenge. organizations across the world seeking face numerous difficulties selecting the right technologies and solutions, and after that selecting the right development partners order implement those choices. even these initial selections are appropriate, actually implementing, operating and maintaining the resulting community network can fraught with complications. established organizations, with their legacy software systems (i.e., networks and systems based older, non-blockchain technologies), face similar and additional difficult challenges. these organizations' legacy software systems are often diverse mix incompatible technologies (different vendors, versions, protocols, ages, interfaces, etc.). grafting newer components, even those components, considered isolation, are the right choice, can combinatorially difficult. bottom line growing organizations scale their operations, their legacy community networks simply cannot keep up. karma international faced this issue itself. established karma international, membership organization, has the mission connecting exceptional and inspirational individuals both socially and professionally through variety high profile experiential events, business networking summits, social gatherings, and international excursions. karma international was very successful with this tightly focused business model. over the next several years karma international built and evolved its own community network, often response pressing and immediate requirements. karma international's ever increasing growth and the vast expansion its model that true membership organization eventually rendered this approach unsustainable. $,, total revenues the karma solution platform users kml members events years karma international took the initiative and resolved develop new internal platform, what ultimately became the karma member lounge (kml). the kml was designed from the ground have the capacity power and manage all aspects karma international's expanded and anticipated business models. the kml has become powerful and multi-faceted platform which has benefited from many years industry experience, significant investment, r&d, and focused and organized software development efforts. the kml has been true labor love for karma international and fulfills its mandate providing its members with the best possible experience. karma international has been and will always focused providing value back the community, towards those organizations most need. has contributed hundreds nonprofit efforts over the years and directly involved charitable and community efforts. our new offering, karma community network (kcn), continues and massively scales this vision, representing the distributed, blockchain technology based, tokenized, secured and scalable reimagining the original kml made available any membership-based organization. karma will also enable organization-to-organization (and organization community developer) communications, financial management, donating and voting. this will create opportunities and create value unprecedented scale. more and more organizations and community developers adopt karma, the value proposition the platform will itself increase due the network effect. adding blockchain capability will change the way organizations are managed. blockchain enables organizations and chapters more easily and securely communicate. members are able control their own private information but are able easily reach out other members across organization's network. blockchain enables simple, smart voting which empowers members control the organizations. blockchain and the kit also add the potential for additional incentive layer for organizations leverage. according social scientist mancur olson, organization members join order find some benefit incentive. this could include the feeling that comes with supporting purpose you believe in, solidarity and networking, self-expression. adding token system membership, organizations can incentivize participation through purpose and self-expression but also materially, which benefits the strength the network whole. this can customized organization depending how they want members participate, but could include options such tokens reward for donations, participating events, referring members. only separate and 'selective' incentive will stimulate rational individual latent group act group-oriented way mancur olson market analysis the potential market for the karma community network comprised organizations looking better engage their members and grow their community. these organizations include charitable causes which would use the network grow their donor base and engage them fundraising goals and outcomes. member clubs, such interest groups, private clubs and alumni organizations, would use the network track membership, vote governance and inform members upcoming events. business networks, such association professional licensing groups, would use the karma community network reach out members, offer benefits and network connections, and manage governance. there are innumerable organizations that fit these descriptions. the united states alone there are more than million nonprofit organizations, just small cross section the types organizations who could find value from the karma community network. organizations are constantly looking for ways find new donors members and ways better engage those members. karma enables organizations easily connect with their base better and create incentives for participation taking advantage the power the blockchain. other solutions that exist simply manage member donor registries and none are enabled blockchain technology. karma next-generation, one-stop solution for managing and growing membership organizations. karma will adaptable and extensible, meaning that can tailored the diverse and evolving needs membership organizations worldwide. order achieve success velocity, will leverage: the knowledge have gained from building, operating and managing highly successful community network (kml), the expertise and skills our blockchain development team, the guidance our advisors, and the valued input the growing karma community. our strategy give the kcn platform several hundred worthy organizations use with start fees and thus create mass adoption. the team executive officers dylan marer chairman ceo dmarer@karmainternational.com mr. marer has led karma creating vision and direction create the infrastructure and expand the brand both nationally and internationally. mr. marer has twenty nine years' experience developing sales and marketing strategies for direct sales companies, advertising campaigns, commercials, sales collateral, sales training media, and distribution strategies for wide variety corporate clients for their direct sales and retail product campaigns. mr. marer award winning, television acclaimed, live event and show producer with experience mass marketing, events and television commercial productions that include some the nation's most recognized entertainment, tech, and productoriented brands. marer's productions range from the global media launch the movie avatar bluray for james cameron, oscar party celebration for the host the academy seth macfarlane, fox entertainment movie press launches, qualcomm, best buy, maxim media, and twitter flight just name few. broadcast and television experience include american idol singers advantage, sylvester stallone's instone, abc's extreme makeover, miracle skin transformer, spray white hydroxatone, new image, doctors say yes, free triple score.com, absolutepoker, and the world poker tour. mr. marer has been recognized and covered hundreds major television media, news media, entertainment magazines, industry magazines and lifestyle pieces, including being the featured star two, one hour, television documentaries nat geo's "party like emperor" and "party like the queen france" highlighting his creativity and skill live event producer and comparing his productions with some the greatest events all time. additionally, marer prides himself using his expertise and creativity for the creation movie quality, theatrically designed themes for the higher end charity events raise money for worthy causes; "parties for the right reasons." michael costache president mcostache@karmainternational.com mike never liked being put box spent the last years entrepreneur, investment banker, author, professor, speaker, angel investor and fundraiser for various charities. currently, mike the president karma, the world's first decentralized smart community network, using the karma protocol and karma international token (kit) empower membership-based communities. mike managing partner krowdmentor, strategic investment and advisory firm empowering blockchain startups, funds and entrepreneurs reach their funding and liquidity goals. mike also the founder the blockchain investors consortium (bic) and serves the advisory board token-as-a-service (taas), the first ever tokenized closed-end fund dedicated investments blockchain assets. since mike member tech coast angels (tca), network angel investors southern california who have invested million deals and raised over billion from vcs. from mike was the president leo leo, which represented brands such maserati, segway, netjets, privatsea, sunseeker yachts, netsuite, marsh, orgil greenhouses, miss universe, and rockstar energy drink. total sales amounted eur million. from mike served founding ceo pioneer telecare, e-commerce firm with total revenues million. from mike was associate westpark capital, the interlink group, millennium capital partners, all la-based i-banks. mike holds degree economics from pepperdine university, graduate certificate dispute resolution from pepperdine's school law and has completed the program negotiations for senior executives harvard. born romania mike migrated israel and the us. mike was featured usa today, wall street journal, inc., entrepreneur, cctv, business week, men's health, top gear and numerous other media outlets. marvin epstein executive vice president mepstein@karmainternational.com marvin accomplished serial entrepreneur. the founder and president the private equity firm i.a.t. capital, his areas success include sports, entertainment, film financing, and new media technology. marvin became principal and partner karma. has created platform services and strategic partners for the members-only organization, including the development numerous charity, hospitality and media relationships. marvin has raised awareness and hundreds thousands dollars for variety deserving non-profit organizations. greg marer vice president operations gmarer@karmainternational.com mr. marer spent the last thirty-eight years excelling all facets the event production and hospitality industries and has developed extensive knowledge and experience business administration and management. having graduated from the century school culinary arts, greg accomplished chef who has held numerous positions executive chef and general manager for many well-known upscale restaurants and executive dining management firms. robert golden vice president membership rgolden@karmainternational.com robert has been entrepreneur and business leader all his life. his successfully ran organizations retail, manufacturing, and telecommunications. later his career, robert joined the corporate world and worked the resort development business for over ten years and successfully built top-performing sales teams around the united states. robert joined the karma international team and became partner the company. his role membership, robert continues work increasing karma's value members and growing membership worldwide. frank frausto vice president digital marketing ffraustro@karmainternational.com frank frausto google veteran over years and experienced first-hand the evolution the world's most recognizable startup from private valuation billion today's market capitalization billion. frank the digital marketing and the founding president karma international's san francisco chapter. currently, frank serves the advisory board krowdmentor, strategic investment and advisory firm empowering blockchain investors, funds, startups and entrepreneurs reach their goals. blockchain architects ioana frincu ioana.frincu@krowdmentor.com ioana has found the perfect balance life combining her vocation creating comprehensive software with her avocation addressing the world's humanitarian needs. she loves taking challenges while developing and growing innovative projects into real-life products. currently, ioana serves coo krowdmentor, strategic investment and advisory firm empowering blockchain investors, funds, startups and entrepreneurs reach their goals. her expertise token design and white paper creation, having worked multiple successful initial coin offerings. dan cearnau dan.cearnau@krowdmentor.com dan experienced tech entrepreneur, cryptocurrency enthusiast and blockchain developer implementing smart contracts applications ethereum for numerous ventures raising capital through initial coin offerings. currently, dan serves the cto krowdmentor, strategic investment and advisory firm empowering blockchain investors, funds, startups and entrepreneurs reach their goals. adrian cazan adrian.cazan@krowdmentor.com adrian entrepreneur with years technical expertise across multiple industries both europe and the united states. currently, adrian the chief solutions officer krowdmentor, strategic investment and advisory firm empowering blockchain investors, funds, startups and entrepreneurs reach their liquidity goals. adrian co-founded timeware solutions, los angeles-based home and office automation company, and became authorized dealer crestron, the world's leading manufacturer advanced media, control, and home and office automation systems. legal advisors josh lawler zuber lawler del duca josh lawler equity partner with the law firm zuber lawler del duca where focuses corporate law, securities law, and mergers acquisitions, with emphasis technology and intellectual property. josh has taken particular interest blockchain technology and the legal issues relating the finance, merger and sale companies using involved with blockchain technology. sagar parikh sagar.parikh@krowdmentor.com sagar parikh not your regular attorney who bills the hour the project. sagar thinks outside the box and works only with entrepreneurs and business owners where his creative legal solutions save them lot more money than what they pay for his services. currently, sagar serves general counsel krowdmentor, strategic investment and advisory firm empowering blockchain investors, funds, startups, and entrepreneurs reach their goals. sagar specializes acting general counsel for organizations variety industries, including, but not limited to, blockchain, real estate, digital media, finance, healthcare, restaurants, bars, nightclubs, and multi-level-marketing branding andrei bucur andrei.bucur@krowdmentor.com starting graphic designer andrei's interests and projects became increasingly complex, moving expertise areas such corporate branding, strategic design, and contemporary marketing. mainly focused futureproof and world changing issues like education, art, technology and entrepreneurship. event marketing robert preoteasa robert.preoteasa@krowdmentor.com robert tenacious entrepreneur immersed the decentralization movement that blockchain technology has swept ashore over the past few years. currently, robert senior associate krowdmentor, strategic investment and advisory firm empowering blockchain investors, funds, startups and entrepreneurs reach their liquidity goals. since october robert also the executive director de, the leading conference decentralization, blockchain and tges. since january robert the president the bucharest chapter karma international. adina bold adina.bold@krowdmentor.com adina currently event executive de, the leading conference decentralization, blockchain and icos. since de's editions were hosted amsterdam, bucharest, kyiv, san francisco, singapore, tel aviv and warsaw. she passionate about event planning, sales and marketing and has worked mercedes-benz romania and produced the forum sustainable development and entrepreneurship. for adina earned degree business administration and currently candidate the mba program for innovation and entrepreneurship romanian german the bucharest university economic studies. bianca dinescu bianca.dinescu@krowdmentor.com bianca generates ideas, insights and content marketing and event executive de, the leading conference decentralization, blockchain and icos. since de's editions were hosted amsterdam, bucharest, kyiv, san francisco, singapore, tel aviv and warsaw. prior joining de, bianca created and implemented and marketing strategies for ngos (prime, pr&ad fair, experience bucharest), numerous tourism and hospitality corporate clients (air france, klm, vola.ro,) and product-oriented brands, fmcg (philip morris, bic and henkel). addition marketing strategies, bianca organized for them wide range events from private dinners large scale conferences, workshops and cocktail parties bianca earned degree communications from the romanian national university political studies and public administration. strategic karma advisors ruslan gavryliuk co-founder ceo token-as-a-service (taas) fund ruslan gavryliuk the co-founder and ceo token-as-aservice (taas) fund, the first-ever tokenized closed-end fund that allows its investors capitalize the rise blockchain markets. ruslan has more than years' experience founding and managing projects geoscience, mobile money solutions, oil and gas operations, precious miners mining, sports, and fashion. alongside his co-founders and advisors, ruslan raised million through ico back march april from contributors. taas has since invested million promising icos and was very active crypto trading, producing roi for its first fully-operational quarter (may aug craig sellars co-founder partner tether, blockv block.one/eos craig sellars the co-founder tether, blockv and partner block.one. craig leads the development global innovations top the bitcoin blockchain the chief technologist the omni foundation and acts variety roles co-founder, technologist, facilitator, director, and advisor for several blockchain projects and companies including omni, tether, vatomic, bitfinex, unsung, krowdmentor, fuzo, factom, synereo, tau chain and the maidsafe foundation. david blumberg founder managing partner blumberg capital david blumberg the founder and managing partner blumberg capital. david authority early stage investing with more than years experience, four funds with over million under management. founded blumberg capital the early and launched its first venture-backed fund blumberg capital's san francisco and has offices nyc and tel aviv while its portfolio companies are spread dozen countries. eddy travia founder ceo consilium group eddy travia the co-founder and ceo consilium group. eddy pioneer investor blockchain and bitcoin startups since was nominated among the top 'most influential investors the year' the blockchain awards along with marc andreessen and roger ver. ryan scott entrepreneur, investor, philanthropist ryan scott entrepreneur, social impact investor, humanist, philanthropist and online marketing pioneer, having developed and patented the double opt-in email methodology. after selling netcreations for million, ryan became angel investor alongside sequoia capital, mark cuban, newscorp, cbs corporation, elon musk, and burda media number companies such inside, tesla, crowdfunder, tiltify, lottery.com, earth class mail, principle power, signum biosciences, greener world media, sierra nevada solar, and cool earth solar. his biggest personal investment since has been causecast, the world's most innovative workplace giving, volunteering and social impact platform. ryan's vision create world which corporations compete with each other make the most positive social impact. gordon einstein crypto-attorney and fintech+blockchain expert cryptolaw partners gordon einstein hybrid crypto-attorney, technologist and enterprise strategist. gordon received his undergraduate degree politics from brandeis university boston and then received his from the usc gould school law los angeles. gordon also proud eagle scout, having served boy scout troop jeremy gardner co-founder entrepreneur-in-residence augur blockchain capital jeremy gardner the founder and chairman the blockchain education network (ben) and founder augur, the decentralized prediction market platform. now works entrepreneur-in-residence blockchain capital, where has started new company, saavha. jeremy also serves editor-in-chief distributed magazine. harry yeh co-founder managing partner binary financial harry yeh the co-founder and managing partner binary financial, investment management company focused providing superior returns for its clients and partners the cryptocurrency space, trading and facilitating large block trades for high net worth individuals and institutions. eric founder ceo metaverse eric the founder and ceo viewfin. senior expert fintech and digital assets and well-known opinion leader the chinese blockchain ecosystem. mr. successfully introduced china's first public blockchain metaverse btc back when was relying the country's huge market demand for blockchain and advantageous technological trends. brad yasar co-founder managing partner krowdmentor brad yasar entrepreneur, investor, mentor, and advisor who started and bootstrapped several companies from inception maturity over the past years. currently, brad the co-founder and managing partner krowdmentor, strategic crowdfunding advisory firm focusing tges, cryptocurrencies, blockchain, and token powered organizations. karma partner advisor eric stotz founder karma international estotz@karmainternational.com eric stotz serial entrepreneur, investor, connector and advisor. stotz the founder karma international and driving force behind the karma member lounge (kml) and karma's overall technology direction. the founder and managing director lawlinq.com, california state bar certified lawyer referral service and the managing director consumer law experts, pc, law firm focused advocating for consumer rights. business model revenue streams the current revenue streams are based the adoption karma membership organizations, using the karma community network platform saas (software service) which includes kit power the capabilities provided the kcn platform. kit will used for all system capabilities, including: on-going karma infrastructure usage fees (operational costs) based per user; transaction fees for intra-organizational payments (membership payments, purchases, karma exchange, module acquisition, etc.); service fees for karma business, technology (creating custom modules) outreach services; tiered usage fees for bandwidth, storage and processing power. karma operational costs the right operate karma instance will available all kit holders. this subject using kit for any type payment, exchange and consensus reaching. the revenue streams outlined above will cover karma's operational costs and the maintenance its underlying infrastructure. the fees will apportioned accordance with each karma instance's size and infrastructure requirements and will also decrease with widespread adoption. out the million raised the token generation event (tge), million will allocated towards the development the core modules and the marketplace. each karma instance will have two options with respect module selection: previously developed modules core modules will delivered upon the creation each karma instance and can enabled and disabled each such instance; marketplace the virtual location where custom modules developed the community developers may acquired karma instances. request custom module development may apply for community grant may retain the services developer from the developer community customer verticals there are three primary customer verticals which will aggregate the revenue streams for karma: physical membership organizations (such country golf clubs), private clubs, etc. virtual membership organizations (universities alumni chapters, business networking organizations, etc.) non-profit organizations, which lack the operational backbone (crm, erp, bi, etc.) raise funds from their donor base transparently. social impact: karma community grant karma next-generation solution that appeals wide array membership organizations, including nonprofits working for the good the world. our highest value supporting these efforts. the karma community grant collectively-operated, publicly-audited program created jump-start qualifying community within karma. funding will directed the developer community through the community grant for the purpose supporting the growth and success worthy organizations and nonprofits seeking serve the public good. this program will become instrumental allocating critical assistance and providing technology and business support any community development partner. they can use the tokens integrate and build within our karma infrastructure. the program will completely administered the kit holders, through consensus reached the dao. karma intends give thousands these community grants and allow these worthy, approved organizations access the kcn platform without any start fees per user fees. additionally, with the aid the community grants, karma will even customize needed modules benefit these organizations create mass adoption and acceptance the karma community network karma's prospective customer base karma's prospective customer base comprised organizations operating logging create their own community networks. are focusing our efforts providing modules which will deliver the greatest benefits the four types prospective customers described below. once the marketplace launched, the consensus mechanism will drive the direction karma's capabilities via module development. karma usage scenarios: industry karma members karma advantage kit usage worthwhile causes donors/ supporters beneficiaries operate community where donors can connect with endbeneficiaries and encourage transparent processes. vote implement new projects, process payment and contributions using smart contracts. member clubs members allow any organization built around member-centric community (such interest groups, private clubs, etc.) connect and communicate under their own branding. voting business items, consuming tokens for membership, relevant dues and purchases. exchanges between members. barter network members leveraging the benefits blockchain technology track all assets, services and products, transactions, and provide transparency, security and reliability. replacing legacy and internal use only "point systems" and allowing them use fast, reliable system backed and monetized the kit token. business network organizations individuals allow individuals openly access, review and connect with matching businesses make decisions based consensus, using smart contracts eth eum blo ckch ain technology stack decentralized consensus (blockchain synchronisation) read data blockchain signing interface (metamask, trezor, ledger etc.) blockchain node (geth) sign transaction application interface (reactjs) ockchain blockchain state sign contract module module orchestration response orchestration module dapp design using ethereum the abstract foundational layer, karma able implement all the features and rules the kit token directly into smart contracts, which are deployed and processed the entire network. using the entire ethereum infrastructure with the purpose validating transactions and adding new blocks the blockchain, minimize any possible attack the protocol. top ethereum, have built the services using geth. geth multipurpose command line tool that runs full ethereum node implemented go. this case, running proprietary linux server with rpc/http open ports. the communication, which involves the geth, managed through the python intermediary application and the ethereum network. the applications connect the ethereum blockchain are built truffle. truffle development environment, testing framework and asset pipeline for ethereum. use ethereum truffle for: built-in smart contract compilation, linking, deployment and binary management configurable build pipeline with support for custom build processes network management for deploying many public and private networks communication with the ethereum node done through the json rpc api. jsonrpc stateless, light-weight remote procedure call (rpc) protocol. primarily this specification defines several data structures and the rules around their processing. transport agnostic that the objects can used within the same process, over sockets, over http, many various message passing environments. uses the json (rfc its data format. the frontend application implemented using the reactjs framework. this application located different server and communicates with the intermediate layer using web sockets and rest api. offchain stack the request processor represents the main centralized system karma which all incoming requests are routed. written go, which gives high-scalability and similar capabilities those cloudflare. the request processor will responsible for loading the correct public and private encryption keys. the object storage services are built top existing object-storage systems (s, cloudfiles, etc.) and represent the data storage mechanism for managing the information about the karma instances. content delivery done through this system and will also incorporate security features, such encryption based upon combination private master and local keys. data storage will done using both relational and non-relational database management systems, which are: key-value (nosql) storage for object elements and caches (using mongodb) managed relational database storage for any acid compliant requirements (using postgresql) the core modules will developed using: and python and grpc communication channels. they will cryptographically signed karma. the modules delivered the developer community will support any virtualized technology (via docker) and must able utilize grpc communicate with the rest the infrastructure. they must cryptographically signed the developer. the application front-end will react-based interface which uses material design and typescript for external modules. the karma token economics and functional specifications will generating custom erc token (the successor the erc token standard) with eighteen digits after the decimal point and the ticker symbol kit. this will become the foundation for all capabilities within karma. all operations within the karma community network software platform are executed with its internal digital currency the kit token, erc token. this ensures security and prevents unauthorized human intervention the processes. kit will become more valuable and offer more utility karma continues grow the following ways: member organizations will use advance their vision and purpose individual members can take advantage kit purchase and sell items services kit holders can use consensus vote relevant items development and marketplace partners can use kit build their applications and reach completely different audiences for their offerings kit tokens can used the karma community network platform the following ways: membership organization and chapter governance event ticketing donations and crowdfunding karma platform other uses created network platform membership kit crowdfunding events tokenevents donations governance membership the kit token shall used support organization membership through dues, regular fees costs join. this transaction will flow between individual members and the client organization. the client organization will determine: the frequency the membership price (one time, annually, monthly, etc.); the cost kit; the dues/fees can refunded; exclusivity the organization (open the public, limited); any personal information requested the member. this information will then deployed part the membership smart contract for that organization. each organization will have separate, individualized membership smart contract which will accept kit pay for membership dues. the sign-up flow will automatically created with landing page and sign-up form. the member paying dues will need to, before paying, have compatible wallet containing enough kit pay the dues. that member will fill out the webpage form join re-up their membership. this form would include any information the organization requests about the member. the member would then submit that form and prompted the kit compatible wallet sign, accept, the transaction which would send the payment from the member's wallet the membership smart contract. when the transaction confirmed and recorded the blockchain the membership smart contract will release the kit the client organization, except small, transparent transaction fee which paid karma. the member will then receive confirmation that their dues have been paid and will marked "in good standing," for the period time determined the client organization. the standing each member will visible the karma platform and organizations will able send reminders users pay dues fees. members will gain access their organizations social pages where they can find out about events, read organization news and interact with other members. terms membership org smart contract generator member info unique membership smart contract user records member blockchain payment ticket price paid org fee paid karma organization and chapter governance the kit token shall used enable organizations and their members contribute the governance their organization. client organizations will able create smart contracts for members vote changes leadership. client organizations will determine: the issue being voted on; the possible outcomes for the proposition; each member gets one vote multiple; vote impact based stake kit tokens not; members are rank their preferences not; the length the voting period; there cost vote not. this information will then deployed voting smart contract and will create landing page for voting. all active members good standing will have access the voting page, and through the platform client organizations will have ability send email notifications about the ballot election. members will make selections the voting landing page, determined the options created the client organization. the actual vote will recorded one four basic ways based what the client organization has chosen: voting costs nothing and one vote registered each wallet address. the vote votes can changed any time simply making new selections which shall registered the address, removing the previous selections from that address. vote costs some predetermined amount kit and one vote registered each wallet address. this vote can changed like the previous option. voting costs nothing and the amount votes any member gets related the amount kit they are holding their wallet compared other members that organization. this structure could useful incentivise users contribute events speakers vendors. these votes can also changed. vote costs some predetermined amount kit and the amount votes any member gets related the amount kit they are holding their wallet compared other members that organization. these votes can changed. when the member submits their vote then recorded the blockchain. the end the voting period the results the vote will posted the client organization's internal page that all members and leadership can see the blockchain-confirmed outcomes the vote. this will not contain any personally identifiable information any the members, protect privacy. org terms voting voting info user voting smart contract generator unique voting smart contract records vote blockchain org dashboard reads outcome event ticketing the kit token shall used sell tickets for organization events. each event will have discrete event smart contract. client organizations wanting host event will determine: the date the event, which will also the date the smart contract terminated; the cost kit attend the event; the event recurring; description the event; any third parties within the karma network who will paid from this event (ex. speakers who will receive honorarium, nonprofit who will receive donation) and the amount the total that will those parties; number tickets available; the event private members only public; members can purchase more than one ticket; tickets are transferable; refunds are available; any personal information about the purchaser. this information will then deployed the ticketing smart contract. the ticket purchasing flow will automatically generated. this will include landing page and purchasing form. the member purchasing ticket will, like the membership description, need have kit compatible wallet and enough kit token order complete the transaction. the member will fill the ticket purchase form. when the member submits the ticket purchase form they will prompted their kit compatible wallet sign the transaction which sends the payment from the member's wallet the ticketing smart contract. when that transaction confirmed the member will receive their ticket email which can used check into the event. the incoming kit payments will held the ticketing smart contract until the event ends. the kit held order facilitate individual refunds refunds for event cancellations. when the event passes and just before the smart contract terminated the kit brought from the event will distributed the wallets the client organization that hosted the event well any identified third party vendors. third party vendors with kit compatible wallet will able paid automatically through the smart contract. these fast, simple payments will just another benefit for the talented members looking give back the community, and organizations looking for great speakers have access the entire karma network. tickets, rsvp lists and attendance records will accessible through the karma platform, and verified the blockchain. when members purchase tickets they will gain access the event social page, where they can post comments and photos and share feedback about the event. terms tickets org ticket smart contract generator ticket purcase info unique ticket smart contract user records ticket blockchain payment ticket price paid org fee paid karma donations and crowdfunding the kit token can used for internal donations and crowdfunding organization initiatives. organizations will determine: description the fundraise crowdfund; fundraising goal; length time the fundraise will last. this information will launched fundraising smart contract and landing page. members will need have kit compatible wallet with amount kit it. the member will fill their personal information and click the donate button the landing page and taken their wallet. they will enter the amount kit they would like donate. the kit will held the smart contract until the fundraising goal met the timeline ends. that time the kit will transferred into the client organization wallet. the organization will able keep members updated fundraising progress their member page. org user terms fudraiser fundraising smart contract generator unique fundraising smart contract records contribution blockchain org dashboard reads and tracks contribution contriubution karma platform kit will also used pay for use the karma platform (per user fees). client organizations that have not been given community grants will charged front for some platform features and per transaction contract launched for other features. these payments will made through platform smart contracts. client organizations will select which type plan they need based the number members and activity level. when the organization makes their selection they will prompted their kit enabled wallet sign the transaction. when the transaction signed and recorded the blockchain they will have access the platform allowed their selection. similarly, they will able launch smart contracts allow certain other transactions. org karma change eth kit wallet with eth smart contract user wallet with kit smart contract other uses created the network the capabilities listed above are certainly innovative and will change the way organizations are run. but, the most exciting prospects come from the network organizations using the platform. recognize that with such diverse range organizations, their needs will extend beyond what are able build. this where will harness another the strengths the blockchain. will create marketplace for new capabilities requested, created, bought and sold. organizations can post requests for tools and smart contracts that they would like built for their organization. developers will able bid the projects and organizations can fund their development internally crowdfunding their development described above. developers will also able post new tools that they created which can used purchased client organizations. the flexibility enabled this marketplace will help organizations take full advantage this new era technology and better grow and engage their membership. modules order truly take advantage the extensibility provided our architecture, will provide three different types modules. all management, discovery and billing are realized through single content marketplace hub called the marketplace. all modules will share the same capabilities and access the same resources, the main difference being the author and use-case for each type. karma's processing and computing functionality will delivered and extended ever-growing collection distinct and self-contained plug-and-play modules. each module will offer its own features and benefits. modules come two varieties: core modules and custom modules. these are described more detail below. core modules karma will provide number fundamental modules (as presented within the "key features capabilities" section) which will provide the karma community network software platform with the core features required most organizations. core modules are provided, maintained and updated karma. they are automatically included and enabled for each member organization (i.e., each karma instance). one illustrative example core module the membership module. some illustrative functions and subobjects contained this module combination are: defining the member object, which represents any kind human, user, member impersonating application which interacts with karma this manner, member authentication (login, password recovery, factor authentication), and login control flow (oauth for custom mobile apps party authentications). custom modules custom modules deliver useful functionality beyond what offered the core modules. they are developed either the karma community network team outside developers community and then submitted the marketplace for review, feedback and approval karma. each karma instance can select which custom modules install into its organization. organizations can also request custom module development well funding for through the karma community grant. this model will allow skilled teams and developers create and rewarded organizations running the platform for their ongoing efforts, creating self-regulated eco-system where sustainable organizations can formed. instances have the ability create and deploy modules suited for their own business needs without marketplace acceptance consensus (only within their own communities). karma marketplace the marketplace includes the functionality which rewards community developers with kit when their custom modules are purchased and/ utilized. this will produce positive dynamic which will drive innovation karma. the marketplace, with its selection custom modules, will one the most effective methods increase the value added karma through community developers. instances these custom modules will fully capable consuming kit based their own unique requirements, individually maintaining metrics per module instance basis. will allow all community developers create highly specific, self-contained processing modules. these can take one multiple roles for the benefit all our communities, across very diverse industries. module admission the token holder community will responsible for accepting any new updated modules within its network, based the consensus mechanism enforce the dao. quality, performance and reliability guidelines will enforced for any new admission, ensure the marketplace only composed excellent modules. module management community developers will have the ability define exactly how their kit-based pricing works. this promotes healthy, self-regulated application eco-system where high-quality modules will able build sustainable business model. acquisition costs will subsidized, using consensus, from the initial tge allocation for research development, providing most our capabilities cost for communities. example: alice creates community developer module that offers newsletter capabilities alice applies for marketplace approval and sets her acquisition costs kit the new module tested and vetted our automated systems the module validated manual review team once approved using consensus, her module available for any community install communities acquiring the module can benefit from subsidized acquisition costs during the first development stages the platform alice receives kit per installation. karma's long term goals given the era decentralization, karma's mission provide the karma community network software platform and karma international token (kit) bridge the gap and empower membership based communities around the world. believe that within the next three years, blockchain networks and/or its underlying foundations will scaled and improved such degree allow complete computation fully distributed manner. our development allocation kit, combined with the capital raised our tge, will become the research development budget. this expected total r&d budget will divided into thirds (one portion per each the expected three years). meaning, addition the tokens used for incentivizing the developer community, approximately $,us per month will spent development, community support, infrastructure, and research and related services. public pre-sale kit release (sale ends) token release karma software release (limited) karma software market place launch date target objectives graduate karma capabilities complete all beta and alpha grade features within the test network. kit holders can manage their wallets and exchange items within the network. open karma for public use anyone owning kit tokens can now create new communities and activate core modules. karma marketplace open marketplace for community developers create, integrate and sustain added-value business services for karma instances the future kit blockchain transitioning transition our current ethereum-based kit from the public blockchain custom-built, specifically-purposed blockchain for all kit transactions. the future processing blockchain transitioning alpha can begin rolling out our complimentary, alpha-grade processing blockchain which will serve certain types modules from purpose-built processing cluster. will also transition object storage decentralized ledger, such filecoin. the future processing blockchain transitioning beta new/updated modules will now required operate completely the "processing blockchain" and existing services will transitioned/emulated relevant technologies. the future distributed important step placing all our technology request handler decentralized stack have completely autonomous request handler, which can coordinate the processing stacks. the future completely decentralized beta the majority our financial (kit) and processing capabilities will through series non-centralized systems built top distributed networks. the future completely decentralized (on-going) this point will aiming operate all our systems top blockchain-based solution. the timeline depends upon the advances the industry and user adoption certain replacement protocols (such dns). the karma international project plans attract investments via the initial coin offering (ico) method, issuing ,,, kit, erc tokens. intend issue the tokens part the token sale. the rest will held back order facilitate the growth the community. the token will issued with smart contract written the solidity language. the principle open and transparent funds distribution will observed. all transactions will shown the smart contract. token sale both karma and kit are designed benefit from the "network effect" other words, more organizations, users, customers and developers join karma and engage kit transactions, the utility provided both karma and kit those parties will commensurately increase. course, solid and ever-improving technical basis prerequisite for sustained network effect (the "research development" allocation). addition, karma will proactively drive adoption the platform and kit through community building, education, marketing and good governance. maximum target figures for attracted funds during the ico amount equivalent million. the tokens can purchased with bitcoin (btc), bitcoincash (bcc), litecoin (ltc), ethereum (eth). will issuing ,,, kit tokens starting price usd per token. the token sale will offer incrementally decreasing discounts the price the token over stages outlined the diagram. the token purchases will made using btc, eth and eos. all other altcoins will converted into btc through changelly similar. ,,, beginning tokens stage period tokens bonus pre-tge until sold until sold sale price token total remaining remaining ,,, total tokens sold: depending the amount attracted funds, the kit tokens will distributed follows: ecosystem health adoption accelerator voted consensus voted team token generation event see table with bonus timeline team over year period with restrictions (tbd) technology development community over year period $,, hard cap ($,,) marketing tge proceeds allocations ,,) corporate operations, legal expansion use funds detail technology development $,, technology infrastructure, bandwidth security for years $,, developers programming, infrastructure for years $,, miscellaneous for years $,, corporate operations expansion ($,,) technology development ongoing executives managers staff salaries for years $,, usa main office, regional office expenses for years $,, developers programming, infrastructure for years $,, legal, insurance, miscellaneous for years $,, marketing $,, media marketing, advertising, graphic design $,, public relations $,, note: additionally, corporate token sale proceeds, revenues from service developments, and revenue from transaction fees will also used compliment and increase budgets needed. roadmap public pre-sale the karma token public presale will begin during the first quarter and will release the kit token the conclusion the sale. between the end the token sale and the official public release the karma community network, the token will have limited utility within the network, including wallet management and trading within the network. the end the year intend open the marketplace function which will allow members the network direct new development and lead innovation. kit release (sale ends) karma software release (limited) token release functional network (limited) karma software market place launch karmaglobal.tech