kcash digital currency wallet whitepaper dec. catalogue summary........................................................................................................................................... background................................................................................................................................... development step................................................................................................................. users and market bottlenecks.................................................................................... mission and vision.............................................................................................................. service introduction.............................................................................................................. multi-blockchain asset management..................................................................... crypto currency exchange and transaction................................................. kcash and kchain platform........................................................................................ (artificial intelligence) and iot (internet things)................................................. crypto currency bank card........................................................................................ technical features and innovations....................................................................... zero-knowledge proof.................................................................................................. sha-zero algorithm encryption technique............................................... ring topology hub technology............................................................................... noblock technical engine........................................................................................... no-localcoin exchange network........................................................................... zeropay network............................................................................................................... project plan................................................................................................................................ team introduction................................................................................................................. core members....................................................................................................................... investors.......................................................................................................................... detailed rules and regulations tokens........................................................... release planning tokens........................................................................................ business model.................................................................................................................... summary kcash, the crypto currency wallet, facilitating the transaction and consumption digital currency real world, aimed resolving the inconvenience managing variety crypto currency, multifarious trading process and the problem insufficient application scenario. kcash provides powerful infrastructure for cryptocurrency development which also promotes the application and evolution the cryptocurrency industry. kcash provides security and swift, decentralized one-stop solution when supporting various blockchain asset management. users are able store, manage and exchange bts, eth and some other mainstream crypto currency with integrated management, which way can totally self-control personal crypto currency and make the application and management crypto currency more flexible and agile. kcash has high-performance block chain (kchain), which supports turing-complete smart contracts. the main chain kchain non-turing complete smart contract, which provides safe financial services for digital assets and avoids the great security risks brought about turing-complete smart contracts. kchain also has one-click side chain, side chain supports turing-complete smart contract, kchain provides proprietary cross-chain and cross-contract technology that links the main chain and the side chain. both the contractual assets kchain and the assets that not kchain can transferred and exchanged through the cross-chain and cross-contract technology kcash. kchain block chain that was designed for issue, exchange, value transfer digital currency and other financial features, the same time has the side chain function configure and generate turing-complete one-click, allows enterprises concentrate their business logic, and don't have worry about the security the digital assets and high cost and difficult research and development block chain. based kchain, kcash platform provides distributed computing power and distributed data interface for digital assets kchain, which greatly enriches the practicability block chain. furthermore, kcash has already cooperated with visa, master and other international banks and card issuers jointly issue crypto currency cards. users can apply for virtual physical bank cards through kcash online, you are able use the cards for online and offline consumption goods and services and have access atm withdrawal the tens millions bank cards network around the world long you recharge bank card with any digital currency, this way, the application scenarios crypto currency has been greatly extended. with the kcash card, any digital currency has bridge the real world, longer unusable asset. with the sustainable development blockchain technology and crypto currency market, one the basic application, kcash will provide significant support for more new projects, assistant the management well circulation blockchain assets, and make efforts improve the ecological efficiency and promoting crypto currency market prosperity. background development step digital currency mr. satoshi published the paper titled "bitcoins: peer peer electronic cash system" bitcoin bbs, very firstly put forward the concept blockchain, and thus build the technology foundation transaction information encryption transmission and bth network. since the establishment the bitcoin crypto currency platform the bitcoin system has been stable operation and automatically realized the process from distribution transaction circulation. the same time, the blockchain, the basic support technology, has been gradually independently applied more scenarios, which has created variety crypto currencies based this concept, such the lite coin, doge coin, riple, etc. the popularization the concept intelligence contract platform derived from ethereum open source project, has realized the registration and transfer various types assets and contract, facilitated the issuance and circulation crypto currency, and greatly enriched the crypto currency type. particular, from the beginning through the way ico, various generations tokens have emerged, bringing new round prosperity the crypto currency market. far, there are nearly crypto currency types coinmarketcap, with total value more than billion. users and market bottleneck inconvenience crypto currency management there strong demand for perfect solution for the storage and management crypto currency, although crypto currency market keep growing rapidly, how safely backup crypto currency wallet key private address key one the biggest barrier for users. the management different asset allocation and diversification has been more complicated with the emergence more and more crypto currency categories, for the difficulties, one the existing strategy install different decentralized wallet separately for different type crypto currency; you can put centralized wallet exchange and authorized the central agency manage it. the former one brings great inconvenience users' operation and management, and the latter has certain security risks, the central agency attacked the bankrupt coursed poor operation. thus how balance security and convenience the core direction for all the service providers working on. high thresholds for trading and exchange the current way transaction and exchange for crypto currency mainly depends exchanges, which high threshold for non-professional users because the strict real-name authentication register process. the transaction digital currency requires users learn the relevant processes and operational steps, and there are usually limits recharge and withdrawal. the exchange between digital currencies requires the use digital currency convert legal currency and another for digital currency. another way realized the off-market crypto currency trading platform supplied the facilitator like localbitcoins, users who have the demand buy and sell declare their respective quotations the platform and they one-on-one transaction long the price acceptable for each other, just like shopping the online mart such ebay. but the downside is, the crypto currency has hosted thirdparty platform order ensure counterparties not breach contract, which increases the risk theft loss assets. shortfall performance and unreasonable design block chain the large fork bitcoin took place for the first time august, and bch was produced, and the following months, the bitcoin network continued forked. because the dao event, hard fork ethereum network happened, etc and eth was produced, what's the reason? the performance bitcoin seriously insufficient, and bch made hard fork bitcoin the name the expansion bitcoin. with concentration computing power, the system should decentralized controlled one side, and the blockchain network will arbitrarily manipulated, which violates the original intention decentralization blockchain. the smart contract ethereum great progress block chain, but there huge problem with this design concept, which that the financial logic and business logic are coupled together. not hard imagine what bad design would write facebook's chat data bank database. when the storage capacity bitcoin network not enough and there are bugs the smart contract ethereum, the entire financial system needs fork keep working. this disaster for system that contains over hundreds billions dollars. high development cost, high waste computing power, difficult connect with the real world with the development block chain technology, enterprises various industries will use block chain technology the future, but the high cost block chain development creates barrier for most enterprises. with the mining mechanism pow, due the fierce competition, the hardware required constantly updated, this proves extremely wasteful the redundant hardware simply discarded garbage. and pos mechanism cannot have the decentralization advantage pow. hard know data real social for blockchain technology itself, such air temperature, share price, weather and on. some miners can provide some common data, but due the complexity real world data types, miners cannot provide the data enterprises want, and enterprises provide these data, can't realize the characteristics decentralization, difficult convince people, this will result the difficulty connection between block and real world. lack application scenario more extensive application scenario required order support longer-term development crypto currency area. present with the deepening the research blockchain field, especially for the exploration intelligent contract direction, some product solutions have gradually combined with the real world economy seek win-win cooperation. but still not has been adopted large-scale use till now, and there are only handful services for clients. any the crypto currency including the bitcoin, ethernet, and any other token issued the intelligent contract platform can increase the value itself, only way interacting more with the physical world, which can further promote crypto currency market prosperity and efficiency the physical world. mission and vision kcash devoted provide the public safe, swift and efficient crypto asset management tool. aim enable everybody anywhere any time conveniently use their digital assets, provide rich blockchain technology and cryptocurrency application scenarios well promote our services business progression and social development bridging the gap between cryptocurrency and the real world. service introduction kcash the future alipay, and the main service carrier composed the kchain blockchain, wallet app and digital currency debit card. through products and services kcash platform, provides enterprises with services deploy high-efficiency solution block chain express speed. and kcash basically one the cryptocurrency wallet, which realized the transaction and consumption crypto currency real world, and its main service carrier the wallet app and the crypto currency card. kcash provides one-stop management bitcoins, ethernet and any other token, making the transaction and exchange more security and swift, binding digital assets the bank cards, which realize the seamless connection between digital currency and the physical world. and kcash enables your cryptocurrency used various transaction consumption scenarios and activates your digital assets authentically. accordance with the existing laws and policies all countries, kcash based the global market, cooperating with payment agencies and issuers provide public users with the legal and secure products and services. multi-blockchain asset management kcash wallet app provides users with the unified management multiblockchain assets, which has the following characteristics: one-stop management service variety digital currency can unified managed and stored kcash wallet app, including the bitcoins, eth and some other mainstream assets, well the standard protocols intelligent contract platform like ethereum and achain, which brought rapid increase the generation tokens based different platforms. one hand, reduce the user management burden, the other hand, also provides the wallet service support for new ico projects, that the project team can more focused the core services. decentralized service kcash adheres the core principles blockchain, provide users with decentralized crypto currency storage solution, the wallet keys and all the private key information various crypto currency stored into the user's local system. besides that, kcash provides convenient key backup solution users only need backup for once, write down words, and save them safe place. even there increase the number crypto currencies future, all categories digital currency assets can restored with the backup the above words. multiple security assurance kcash make users completely control their wallet keys, and also provide multiple signature technology guarantee and two-step-authorization verification for different scale digital asset management, users can choose any the verification method like phone code, fingerprints other biometrics when doing transfer trading, thus comprehensively guarantee the security crypto currency assets. multilingual support the kcash wallet app support multiple languages mainstream crypto currency markets such chinese, english, japanese and korean, clearing the language barrier for world-class wallet application. crypto currency exchange and transaction the kcash wallet app supplies simple, swift and safe exchange and trading service for users the original no-localcoin exchange network and connecting with the exchanges'api. risk-free currency exchange kcash develops the no-localcoin exchange network based the kchain platform, realizing the risk-free digital currency exchange service through intelligent contracts and cross-chain gateway technology (for details, see description technical feature). users exchange the crypto currencies via kcash, and the whole trading process will monitored and performed the intelligent contract mechanism created the platform the third-party agency, which avoids the risk default the parties involved the transaction process. compared with the centralized platform service, the intelligent contract avoids the loss incurred from subjective default risk objective attack the platform. even for the tokens issued the new ico project, can risk-free exchange through the wallet service long kcash wallet supported. kchain, there standardized exchange service all kinds digital assets, and various digital assets are freely convertible. simple and swift transaction there will certain entry threshold and learning cost buy and sell digital currency through exchanges. kcash provides users with the optimal market prices and simple operation experience connecting with the exchanges' api, specific, kcash simply shows the users buying and selling rate optimizing selection mechanism, and users only need input the number complete the transaction like ecommerce platform. simple deposit tool kcash provides users with credit card consumption channels and ipos cooperating with payment service providers. users only need initiate purchase transaction the kcash wallet app, connect ipos via the kcash app, swipe visa card complete the trading buying bitcoin. kcash backend system transfers the exchanges' account through the exchanges' api, and then transfers back the user's wallet after the exchanges completes its purchase bitcoin. the whole process simple the offline credit-card consumption. kcash and kchain platform main chain kchain non-turing-complete smart contract, designed provide digital assets with transfer, exchange, trade and other professional financial services. similar block chain network bitcoin, kchain has generated lot financial smart contracts advance. the main chain, can't release smart contracts optionally, this way the security problem digital assets completely solved. the main chain kchain focuses the financial functions digital assets rather than complex business logic. the advantages this design are security and high performance without redundant data. the design concept kchain, digital assets and business logic are separated. the main chain kchain, only digital assets themselves can complete the financial functions digital assets. the digital assets require some decentralized data mining services, the digital assets main chain kchain, can generate corresponding performance function that configured the contract. the same time kcash platform, can generate algorithm provide the data mine, and deposite commensurate kcash tokens, and release them kcash platform together. this way, there will lot decentralized users kcash app (mobile phone pc) and they can run this data program mining program order provide data mining service for the digital assets earn kcash and the corresponding digital assets. for example, the digital asset contract provide insurance service for crops, when the rainfall index under certain numerical value for several months, certain digital assets will returned insurance user. this case, smart contract need know the daily rainfall index, the index provided the official, there will risk official fraud and hacking, this means the index data can't trusted. but the official can configure corresponding performance function the smart contract, the same time publish acquisition algorithm kcash platform and deposit certain amount kcash tokens. users kcash platform find that running the program can earn kcash tokens and the digital assets the contract, they will provide the digital asset with decentralized data services. the same time, the program can also provide users with the function the mining. long applications released official have this function, users can also get some the digital assets. when runs for some time, users find even the official does not provide additional kcash tokens, because the data and mining services, they can also obtain the official digital assets, and revenue good, they will continue provide service for the asset. for the official, they can obtain decentralized computing power, data and mining service paying some cost with ease. for users, they can obtain data and good income mining. course, the users need deposit some kcash margin promise not provide false data. the system detects that the user cheating, will withdraw income user and confiscate the deposit user. this form mining called contractual mining. all know, when some new digital asset projects are released, the depth the buying and selling often not enough. when the user needs consume digital assets equivalent has spend extra digital assets. but with our contractual mining kcash platform, item side can provide mining process, exchange service between the project's digital assets and kcash tokens for the mining users. that when users use digital assets the project, the exchange service will change the digital assets deep enough kcash tokens consume, and the same time users can get kcash tokens from item side and corresponding mining fee digital assets. with this kind service, the new project can also complete the business logic consumption the real world. course, many projects are not just simple data and mining services, they need their own blockchain complete their business logic. creating project kchain also very simple. only need configure corresponding data their contract digital assets, such pattern blockchain, the size block, the consensus mechanism, the mining mode, etc. and need deposit certain amount kcash tokens, miners kchain will find this requirement, miners feel that income good, they will change some computing power generate the side chain order support block chain the project earn kcash tokens and the corresponding digital assets. found that supporting the digital asset not cost-effective, they will throw out this digital asset. this logic, the miners can always automatically configure their own computing power get good benefits. the same time when computing power competition digital assets too fierce mine owner found his mill has been eliminated computing power the digital assets, they will automatically transfer their computing power some less competitive digital assets, this makes the mill can reused rather than being eliminated garbage. for the project party, can simple enough deposit kcash tokens obtain decentralized side chains and corresponding computing power support. when there data failure side chain side chain completely dead, that also won't affect the operation the main chain, and side chain has its own independent computing power, and serve its own business logic compeletely, doesn't have worry about the problem network congestion. this way, digital assets and business logic are separated, solves performance problems and makes digital assets safer. for example, there major accident the main chain, but there detailed data the side chain, can restore the user's digital assets. there major accident the side chain, it's just accident business data, does not affect the user's digital assets all, and project side can backup data side chain restore the side chain. kchain, generating and running block chain simple, high-efficient and safe. the most important thing that simple configuration can gain strong decentralized computing power. under this design framework, one day, the performance the side chain insufficient, very simple ramp capacity for block chain. all the miners are willing upgrade. just business logic the side chain, does not involve digital assets themselves. maintaining the old chain not similar that btc forked out bch get double income digital asset, because digital assets will not fork out the main chain. the business logic the project uses the current blockchain technology but can not meets performance requirements, how deal with it? it's very simple, also kcash platform, can provide contract which connected the main chain and centralized service program. after depositing kcash tokens and releasing kcash platform, there will users kcash who provide computing power provide connection service. the whole design framework, the project party's digital assets are completely decentralized and have very trustworthy credibility. kchain and architecture design kcash platform architecture design, thoroughly solved the problem the performance block chain, the problem high cost and difficulty block chain development, the problem computing power waste, all kinds problems about the combination centralized and decentralized business logic and the problem about connection between block chain and the real world, etc. (artificial intelligence) and iot (internet things) the world artificial intelligence and the internet things coming, but needs the blockchain and the digital assets the blockchain. without digital assets, cannot freely complete various services, the transmission and exchange values. block chain the best carrier artificial intelligence and internet things. imagine scenario, one day the future, you're sitting self-driving car, your mobile phone needs charge and wifi service, you need pay the cost the car, you need pay for snacks the car, you also need see paid program. each service has its own service provider, undoubtedly, the best way receive payment they have their own digital assets. your cell phone can automatically connect with these devices near field communication (or bluetooth, etc.). you only need tell your phone your need, will automatically pay for all services, the same time, will automatically pay for service charge and wifi. there problem, many services, whether digital assets service provider kchain not, network kchain will automatically complete the exchange various digital assets its unique cross-chain and cross-contract technology. kchain will the infrastructure communicate all this. crypto currency bank card order connect digital currency and the physical world, kcash cooperated with the card issuers open the function activating banking debit card the wallet app, and users can apply for physical card virtual card and recharge with crypto currency transaction and consumption physical world. present, kcash team has established cooperative relationship with the card issuers, and already had the banking card supporting the crypto currency recharge, demo follow. the crypto currency banking card has following characteristics activate card topspeed there are three steps for users activate banking card, firstly, online apply the kcash wallet app, secondly, select the card type, physical virtual, and thirdly, fill the basic kyc information. the virtual card will effective immediately soon activated successfully; while physical cards require certain card making cycle, which usually delivered the users weeks. real-time swap according the current market exchange rate, users can convert any the crypto currency kcash wallet into the corresponding legal currency, carry out the online and offline transaction recharging the legal currency into the bank card. this way, users always hold crypto currency assets their own wallet accounts, which will converted real time they need transactions. extensive application scenarios banking card issued kcash can carry out online and offline trading, comparing with traditional channels, can provide lower rate and higher efficiency matter domestic e-commerce online payment, the overseas transfer remittance. meanwhile, kcash banking card also support tens millions branch network for consumption the whole world, and withdraw local currency from any atm more than countries and regions, which provides great convenience overseas study, travel and business activities, etc. typical application scenarios overseas e-commerce shopping when the user need use foreign currency pay the order overseas e-commerce platform, they just need bind the real virtual card the corresponding e-commerce platform account, and then recharge the banking card with crypto currency complete the payment. overseas travel consumption when users traveling abroad, they can recharge the physical banking card with crypto currency through kcash, which realizes the overseas consumption and foreign currency withdrawal, thereby avoids the trouble swap. cross-border remittances when you have the demand overseas transfer remittance for the reason study abroad, overseas work business trip, you can the crypto currency transfer via kcash wallet consume withdraw money real time with better transfer speed and rate. technical feature and innovation zero-knowledge proof zero-knowledge proof refers that certifier can convince the verifier that one theory correct without providing any useful information the verifier. and kcash has achieved cross-chain and cross-contract technology with zero-knowledge proof. sha-zero algorithm encryption technique sha series cryptographic hash functions designed the national security agency (nsa) and published the national institute standards and technology (nist). through the customization sha encryption technology, the sha-zero encryption technology which exclusively used kcash developed guarantee the data security the kcash network. ring topology hub technology the ring topology hub technology kcash connects multiple links hub, making easy for digital asset terminal achieve single key cross-chain and transformation. the advantage the ring that the topological structure has much smaller resource consumption than the star type and tree type. may not obvious the node small and the distance close, but the advantage the loop network will quite obvious when the long distance and multiple nodes appears. noblock technical engine kcash's original noblock technology engine enables light wallet actually lightest. but there big problem for light wallet receive the block information from blockchain network till now. the light wallet network requests takes large amount network bandwidth due the blockchain network implement the data security through data synchronization redundancy. our design idea let the blockchain browser our block data source, and longer synchronize block data. the problem using the data source from the blockchain browser how guarantee the data source's correctness. adopted the architecture the block chain browser pool (bcbp). and the schematic demo shows below: no-localcoin exchange network the no-localcoin exchange network based the achain platform through customizing intelligent contract and cross-chain gateway technology realize the risk-free crypto currency exchange. kcash platform the users with kcash tokens can create intelligent contracts provide guarantee services, evade default all parties according contract mechanism, avoid the arbitration bias centralized custodians, and make sure there risk loss for participating. after the contract founder facilitates the exchange transaction, the corresponding proportion the guarantee returns. the whole process like below. zeropay network the decentralization technology blockchain resulted low payment efficiency. implement kcash lightning network the following technical skills, basically speaking, based the existing blockchain network build kcash vpn subnet, realize the second-level confirmation for funds transfer, and ensure real-time credit card consumption not affected blockchain. customized mobile client, all the kcash users' blockchain transfer records have the sha zero encryption mark developed enterprise blockchain nodes, which able detect kcash users blockchain activities any time, verify the validity, flow analysis, etc. the enterprise node has x-hour continuous detection, the balance change analysis users will provided the server, and reported the kcash server well. kcash server receives the enterprise blockchain node analysis, when users initiated the charge request, can real-time verify whether the user has had real blockchain transfer request, prevent malicious double spend. legend below, the blue ones our global deployed sniffer node: .project plan process time phase milestone functional service wallet support mainstream tokens management app. (btc, eth, ltc, act and other tokens issued ethereum and other platforms) kcash token comes into kcash token comes into the exchanges phase -q, the exchanges, issue digital currency bank card connect digital currency with bank card, issue digital support online and offline transaction currency bank card kchain main net goes live, supports token smart contract, side chain project and trading goes wallet computing power platform phase -q, live achieve risk-free secured transactions kchain based kchain platform smart contract dapp enrich dapp platform, create application platform ecology phase -q, connects with connect with exchange, support exchanges convenient transaction digital currency within app .optimize the service currency conversion and transaction, and improve the use procedure digital currency bank card continuous and later iterations phase improve the technology main chain and side chain kchain. explore the cooperation with banking and financial institutions, provide diversified innovative services for users. team introduction core members xuejiao zhu founder kcash, graduated from tsinghua university with years experience technical research and development, full stack engineer and serial entrepreneur. join create yardwallet. developed bitcoin payment gateway, bitcoin wallet and copyright authentication system independently. kun liu co-founder kcash, graduated from peking university youdao product manager, yardwallet co-founder and qiandai product director. participated the creation multiple products such bitcoin wallet, pos receipt and mobile payments. shui co-founder kcash, graduated from nankai university with years experience management consulting. former business partner hejun consulting and founding partner huiyuan consulting. provided strategic planning, business model design and talent training for several shares listed companies. investors nearly company executives payments industry support strongly kcash, angel investors, they provide kcash with project funds, industry resources, business development proposal and other many-faceted support and help. they are the solid supporter and the effective assistance for long-term and rapid development kcash. detailed list angel investors will posted official website. detailed rules and regulations tokens release planning tokens the name token issued kcash kcash, total supply billion, the specific distribution plan follows: percentage distribution total supply scheme details used for the subsequent development kcash project, talent recruitment, market promotion, presale etc. the use this part the fund needs publicized fixed period. the platform kcash, users can provide the support computing power and data, mining and other services for kcash and kchain mining obtain rewards. this part makes total supply. will accomplished eight years, and there will never additional issue. will released annually the first four years and than annually the last four years. incentive for users rewards, used encourage users download, promote, deposit, consume, transfer and on. development funds kcash, used for the development subsequent development project, business fund ecological construction and development international business. the use this part the fund requires resolution foundation and publicized advance order repay the founding team's exploration and development digital currency area, and the effort for the maintenance kcash product technology and operation founding team development, give out tokens return. this part token will locked smart contract after issuance token, will unlocked one month later, and this part will unlocked per month. early investors made contributions the development kcash terms financial resources, resources, strategic planning and personnel assistance, give out tokens early investors return. this part token will locked after issuance token, will unlocked one month later, and this part will unlocked per month. complete months later. institutional investors used reward enterprise investors and establish business cooperation with cooperative enterprises. this part token will locked after issuance token, will unlocked one month later, and this part will unlocked per month. complete months later. business model gas digital asset consumption kchain blockchain, the creation and transfer any digital assets require the consumption kcash token gas miner's fees. cost computing power kchain blockchain, the project party needs generate side chain quickly, they needs deposit certain amount kcash tokens into the contract that configures assets contract order attract miners. similarly, the project party requires users provide decentralized computing power, data support and mining services, the project party also needs pay certain amount kcash token advance. exchange fee complete the exchange between different digital assets, users need pay transaction fee order utilize the decentralized exchange service. the use service charge users consume the store through bank card bound kcash, visa master other service providers will charge corresponding transaction fee from merchants (this fee will affected consumption area, the types consumption, consumption amount and other factors). and then according certain proportion, will assigned kcash shared revenue. estimate that shared revenue average transaction fees about (the actual situation may change). let's assume that kcash has million users, average consumption per user per month, total transaction amount one year billion, shared revenue transaction fee million. kcash team will use more than shared revenue transaction fee every month buy kcash tokens, repurchase tokens and deposit them into development fund address. they are used for the subsequent development project and ecological construction product. deduction fee when user makes digital currency exchange transaction through kcash, she can use the current market value kcash deduct the transaction fee. later, the kcash team will collaborate with the exchange allow kcash partially offset the digital currency transaction fees far possible. incentive for users users who hold kcash tokens, can the creator contract kcash's currency exchange services. they can obtain income fee prompting the exchange transaction (see description no-localcoin exchange network for specific mechanisms). users who bind their bank cards through kcash wallet will receive the transaction fee cash back for each purchase. kcash will automatically distribute users' wallets the form kcash tokens. this not only gives users rebate but also expands the user group kcash tokens. contact information: official website: https://www.kcash.com official wechat account: kcash official account: official group: twitter:https://twitter.com/kcashofficial facebook:https://www.facebook.com/kcashofficial telegram:https://t.me/kcashofficial_en