kic ecosystem, white paper kickico kick kick ecosystem raising token fundraising higher standard white paper december content introduction road kick ecosystem rise the ico. brief history kickico. current climate. market challenges crypto industry forecast. kick kick ecosystem overview. platforms services earnings model kickonomy transactions and commissions kickcoin burn strategy. fiat support team kick ecosystem technical description disclaimer introduction since its launch kickico has been pioneering force improving and popularizing the ico, bringing improved stability and security otherwise fraught fundraising instrument. but the market has evolved, icos have run into new challenges, including increased regulatory scrutiny, predatory exchange practices, and ico mispricing, which have dampened excitement and reduced participation potential token buyers and the startups themselves. meanwhile, new instrument has emerged, the sto (security token offering), which has full regulatory approval and legal guarantees, but hasn't yet captured the public's imagination achieved critical mass. and so, it's done many times before, kickico leads the charge usher the next wave growth for token fundraising with its bold new kick version vision. kick ecosystem complete fundraising and exchange ecosystem that raises token sales higher standard, driving them closer sophistication and security modern financial systems. represents complete overhaul and expansion that encompasses upgraded kickico website, state-of-the-art exchange (kickex), white label token sale solution (kickdesk), sto listing and trading, unified login system (kickid), multicurrency wallet (kickwallet), crypto payment gateway (kickpay), network integration (kickcpa), referral network (kickref), comprehensive app (kickmobile), and new exchange pricing innovations (aico and ieco). the center this vertically integrated ecosystem one the most exciting coins crypto, kickcoin, which expands fill new use cases our ever-growing kickonomy. kick ecosystem will revitalize how tokens and coins are offered, bought, and sold for startups and token buyers. will address and solve many today's ico market challenges. will push stos into the mainstream. and, ultimately, will make transformative impact how startups are funded around the globe. road kick ecosystem rise the ico one the most disruptive concepts emerge from the rise blockchain technology the initial coin offering, ico. the ico gives cutting-edge blockchain startups from around the world exciting new way raise capital that crosses all borders and open anyone, regardless wealth, connections, banking status. mastercoin held the very first ico, and the five short years since then, icos have raised more than billion, with roughly three projects launching every day icos have even eclipsed angel investing and venture capital primary source financing for blockchain startups. during the early days the blockchain revolution, running ico was both time-consuming and fraught: hackers, bugs, and usability hazards were just few the very real and everpresent threats. worse, there was consistency how ico was conducted: every startup had its own rules and customcoded fundraising pages, leading mass confusion, fraud, and high likelihood error. then, kickico emerged. brief history kickico development began kickico and the platform officially launched just icos were beginning accelerate number and fundraising scope. that kickico became pioneering success story wasn't unexpected: solved real, urgent problems for blockchain startups wishing raise capital and for token investors who were otherwise vulnerable. made the experience participating ico safer, more consistent, and much easier time when different things could and often would wrong. since its launch, kickico has been responsible for funding successful startups, including big names like ins, micromoney, hacken, and universa, and raising just shy eth among them. kickico now global, active community people, thousands whom attend the company's annual cryptospace moscow event. but market conditions have changed dramatically since kickico's founding, with new instrument the sto, and new, urgent challenges facing traditional icos. current climate the ico market today much different today than when kickico was founded. new instrument, the sto, rapidly emerging, and the shape and size ico fundraising has shifted. rise the security token offering the security token offering, sto, disruptive variant the ico that treats coins and tokens securities rather than utilities. the sto favored regulatory agencies, offers participants many the same benefits and legal guarantees that they receive with the stock market, and gives startups peace mind that they won't penalized their government down the road for token fundraising. some predict that the sto may one day replace the ico; others further, saying that the sto may even replace the ipo (initial public offering). the sto isn't good fit for everyone. not every blockchain token security and stos require lot more red tape and legal expense than traditional icos. had ethereum conducted sto instead ico, for example, doubtful that they would prominent they are today. stos are still their infancy. there's platform standard yet and the instrument hasn't captured the public's imagination, like the ico. but whether not you're favor the securitization token fundraising, you can probably agree that the sto will expand the investor pool and attract institutional investors who would otherwise sit out. ico market size shifts the traditional ico market has shifted quit bit since and continues shift. the following three charts provide quick and helpful overview the current ico climate. the chart above displays the amount money raised per month traditional icos, millions dollars. you'll note that the fundraising amount rose throughout peak december and then declined back down the current month (at the time writing), forming neat pyramid. this second chart tells different story. shows the number icos that have launched each month. you'll remember that the previous chart, which showed the monthly fundraising totals, december was the peak period for but this chart, december isn't even the top-. fact, the top- months are all peaking january! far from showing ongoing decline, this chart shows the ico market healthy and stable. what's most remarkable about this chart that companies today are much more conservative about their icos than they were the past, for the number stable positive sign. the third and final chart demonstrates the real problem with the ico market. it's not that icos are longer popular, it's that the amount money each ico raising has declined substantially. this decline happening both sides the table: startups are turning away capital and potential token sale participants are sitting out. the next section we'll over the reasons why this happening. market challenges why are icos raising less money per startup? before getting into some the biggest reasons, it's worth remembering that icos are still their early days. have many years before they reach their true potential and comparing the wildly speculative bubble simply isn't fair. that said, here are major causes for the decline. regulatory concerns icos were the regulatory wild west. governments were playing catch-up and hadn't issued any sort guidance, startups saw limited window opportunity fundraise aggressively and take advantage free-flowing capital before regulations tightened. their hope was that they could get grandfathered when regulations did appear. their rush take advantage the market frenzy, many icos didn't even bother retaining legal counsel. while almost all startups advertised that only certain people could participate their icos (e.g., those certain countries), they didn't enforce this requirement and accepted money from everyone. different story. certain countries have banned icos, kyc/aml the industry norm, and governments across the world have even forced some icos issue refunds their token buyers. serious startups are now erring the side caution and imposing stricter requirements who can participate their icos. they are also raising less money stay under the radar. fraudulent icos fraudulent icos continue proliferate. the beginning bitconnect, top- market cap project, was shut down ponzi scheme. that was one high profile case, but there are many more documented instances teams raising money for their icos and then disappearing soon after. fact, according fortune, icos have vanished. fraudulent icos have impacted both sides the market. some blockchain startups are skipping them altogether because they're nervous about reputational risk and don't want lumped with the scams. and potential investors are increasingly jaded and, since they don't know who trust, they're trusting one. other fraudulent activity even ico trustworthy, there are shortage scams surrounding them. hackers set fake telegram accounts, spoof emails, and clone websites trick people into sending their money the wrong fundraising wallet address. the hackers will target the startups directly and compromise, their poorly coded smart contracts. it's surprise then that many people, who have perhaps been burned before, longer wish participate icos all. too much noise there are shortage low-quality icos with overly optimistic imaginary blockchain use cases. seems that for every possible industry niche there are dozens startups competing and it's impossible for even veteran crypto enthusiast decipher the difference between the best them and the worst them. the sheer number blockchain startups also intimidating for the entrepreneur, who might find easier reach and convince handful whale investors rather than attract and manage thousands smaller investors. ico pricing the way that ico tokens are priced today broken. the startup guesses fixed valuation that's often overly optimistic and higher than what the market can bear. then, when their token lists exchange, the market pushes the price down and all ico participants suffer. fact, most icos now trade below their offering price. this pricing mismatch raises compelling question: why should someone participate ico when the odds are high that they can just buy the coin token exchange afterward for cheaper than the original ico price? private sales before their public sale, most icos hold private sales, where they sell tokens private group accredited investors large discount. these private sales are invite-only and their pricing terms are often confidential, public sale buyers have idea whether the private sale discount was small large, and whether the private sale investors were put under any sort lock-up. one the risks for public sale participants that once their project hits the open market, earlier private sale buyers who received large discount and who aren't locked-up will dump them and drive the token's price into freefall. unfortunately, private buyers dumping public buyers the norm for icos. predatory exchange practices when someone invests ico, they with the expectation that their token will list trusted exchange, that they can easily exit out their position the future. but major exchanges don't make the listing process easy. they charge draconian fees, cut backroom deals, and sometimes keep quality projects limbo forever. there's very little transparency about the process, it's often wiser wait until token hits major exchange before buying than participating pre-exchange listing. shifting quality standards given many the challenges above, for ico blockbuster success today, needs meet higher quality standard than the startups last year. the startup must have more than fancy whitepaper; needs working product vetted testnet, proven team, solid business model, and the support one more established organizations. this high standard rules out lot startups, who will turn stos, private sales, and venture funding. combined, the market challenges discussed have caused individuals forego the ico and have caused the startups running them turn away capital. now that we've covered the present, here's forecast where the market headed the near-term future. crypto industry forecast back fall kickico predicted publicly that the ico market would contract and face near-collapse this prediction turned out prescient, discussed earlier, and were prepared for the downturn. now, nears its close, we've built thesis for the coming years ahead and used that thesis inform the development kick ecosystem. here what expect happen: great icos will still raise money there will always market for great icos, which are defined having working product, solid business model, experienced team, legitimate token economy, and the potential break into the top such projects will offer leapforward technology and frequently exist the infrastructure level replace previous-generation blockchain platforms like ethereum. most niche icos will fail, but some will succeed great icos will command disproportionate attention the coming years and the majority smaller, niche icos will fail. that said, there will still success stories among niche icos, just like there are occasional success stories among indie crowdfunding campaigns. anticipate the video game industry lucrative breeding ground for successful niche icos, because player bases are highly motivated, are accustomed buying virtual items, and will find immediate value their favorite game's token. sto boom the next crypto bull run will driven stos. stos will infuse the industry with new funding from large, institutional investors giving them the legal peace-of-mind they need invest. stos will have far more applications than icos: any company can create security token, whether it's blockchain-based not, dramatically expanding the pool. and the value security token more tangible and easily communicated investors than utility token, since represents equity and profit-sharing. one the biggest complaints against stos that currently blocks everyday, non-accredited investor from participating. this will change though with new laws, brokers, and agencies. from startup's perspective, stos will exponentially cheaper and easier than preparing for ipo fundraising from venture capital sources. traditional venture investing will decline startups will increasingly shift crowdfunding over traditional, venture-based financing sources. raising money from vcs prohibitive for many early-stage firms, since often requires being based certain geographic regions, having founders from certain schools, having the right network, and having the time necessary pitch day and night for months end. worse, entering into relationship with firm like entering marriage: some firms add tremendous value while others destroy the business. exchange collapse was the year the ico, was the year the cryptocurrency exchange. there currently bubble the number exchanges being funded and rushed market and many these exchanges won't survive increased regulatory monitoring and scrutiny, nor will they meet new licensing standards. the market can't support different exchanges; token buyer wants juggle dozens exchange accounts. we're going see the exchange bubble burst and with large-scale exchange closures and consolidations. new crypto financial instruments will emerge we're still the early days tokenized fundraising. such, new crypto financial instruments beyond the ico and sto will emerge over the next few years, perhaps involving unique debt instruments. these instruments will launch alongside the next generation blockchain products, like kickpay, which will favor real-world usage over token gimmicks. kick ecosystem was designed address the current ico/sto climate and maximally exploit these future trends. kick kick ecosystem overview kick ecosystem complete fundraising and exchange ecosystem that secure, easy use, and community driven. was engineered solve the current challenges facing the ico market that have led decreased participation cryptocurrency startups and token buyers. introduces support for the rapidly rising sto instrument. raises token fundraising higher standard that will usher the next wave growth for the industry. brings new token buyers into the fold and attracts high-profile crypto projects who might otherwise have exclusively done private sale. through all, brings trust back into the marketplace. the kick ecosystem consists ten different components: kickico kickid kickwallet kickex kickdesk new pricing models: aico and eico kickpay kickcpa kickref kickmobile while kick ecosystem's accepts different cryptocurrencies alongside pending fiat support, it's primary cryptocurrency kickcoin, which sits the center the kickico economy, kickonomy for short. platforms services kickid kickid the glue that binds the kick ecosystem together. when you login one platform the network, you automatically login all platforms for seamless experience. kickid will become open standard where other platforms can leverage our member base and authentication technology and turn grow the ecosystem for everyone. for maximum usability and reach, kickid will support email login, facebook login, and gmail login. kickid's most important benefit its "qualified participant" designation. today, taking part multiple icos means submitting the same kyc and local government requirements over and over again and trusting that your account verified securely and time for the token sale. with kickid, once you pass verification, your account permanently the clear take part the kick ecosystem and across all kickid-enabled platforms. kickico kickico our flagship platform. connects startups looking fundraise with token buyers who are interested participating. its components include: sto support: earlier, discussed the rise and game-changing potential the sto fundraising instrument (see "rise the security token offering"). are thrilled announce that kickico will embrace the sto with its full support, allowing them run alongside normal icos. ico listing and management: kickico gives blockchain startups all the tools they need securely run and market their ico, well keep touch with the community that forms around that ico. startups don't need worry about their fundraising pages being hacked their wallet funds being compromised because kickico's bank-grade security. innovative rating and review system: kickico overhauling its rating system bring increased trust token sales. rather than simply rating project numerical scale, members write detailed reviews. then, other members rate those reviews down. the better review's grade, the higher impact will have the aggregate project score. furthermore, the reviewers themselves are also rated, ensuring that the most credible them rise the top. this system inspired imdb and much less susceptible fraud and manipulation than onedimensional scoring. reputation system: every member kickico has reputation score that's influenced their many actions across the community, from writing well-received review supporting campaign. the members who rise the top kickico's reputation rankings will become known crypto opinion leaders and influencers, and they'll receive special platform perks, such increased voting power. readiness testing: blockchain startups can test the waters before launching their token sale, engaging with kickico's expert community see they're ready for market. this will save startups significant time and money market research and prevent them from launching campaign only have fail. services marketplace: takes lot effort run successful token sale. kickico will home integrated network third-party companies and services that will help startups meet all their token sale needs. categories will include legal counsel, translation services, writing, marketing, and graphic design, and many others. members can rate and review these providers and all services will priced kickcoin. project discovery: the token sales that list kickico are all vetted our team and thoroughly reviewed and rated the community. potential project participants can use kickico easy way discover quality projects that they might normally have never run into. will employ smart filtering for easy navigation. chat: kickico has one the largest and most engaged communities blockchain. with version introduces robust chat features better connect and expand that community. members can direct message one-another, create and join group chats, and ask projects and the kick team their most pressing questions. kickico's chat features will provide superior alternative juggling multiple telegram, wechat, and whatsapp accounts. integrated advertising: full-service platform, kickico lets startups instantly promote their token sales kickex trading pairs running banners across the kickico ecosystem and across multiple cpa advertising networks. startups will able fund their advertising wallet, upload creatives, choose which cpa networks they wish activate, fine-tune their advertising preferences, and then sit back and watch quality, targeted traffic come in. this will the first crypto-focused advertising tool the world. kickex kick version introduces robust, centralized exchange, kickex. kickex will take everything that we've learned over the years from building and running kickico and layer new innovations create next generation exchange. kickex will live its own domain name, kickex.com and the subdomains, ex.kickico.com and kickex.kickico.com. its components will include: ico and sto support: like kickico, kickex will embrace the emerging sto fundraising instrument and allow both utility tokens and security tokens list and trade side-byside. supporting security tokens, anticipate that serious institutional and corporate money will flow into kickex, these entities are more risk-averse and will value the equity, dividends, and legal guarantees that security tokens provide. sto support will also future-proof kickex the event that the sto becomes the dominant token fundraising method blockchain, some experts predict. support for all major currencies: launch, kickex will support all major cryptocurrencies, including btc, eth, xlm, usdt, tusd, ada, zrx, doge, xmr, eos, ltc, dash, xrp, neo, nem, kick, and wrl, with many more follow. zero commission trading: kickex commission-free for traders, makers, and takers. unlike other exchanges that advertise they're commission-free (e.g., robinhood exchange), kickex does not sell customer order flow, which results customers paying more money per trade than they would otherwise and operates hidden commission. kickex transparent exchange that always puts the interests its members above all else. bank-grade security: through kickico, our team has securely managed nearly eth worth transactions. are leveraging that experience and adopting industry best practices from the banking industry order create the most secure crypto exchange the world. member deposits will monitored combination personnel and artificial intelligence and any flagged transactions will reviewed dedicated financial monitoring team. we're employing multiple-layer account bookkeeping prevent potential fraud and unauthorized account withdrawals. and have the benefit hindsight, being able look the successes and shortcomings existing exchanges. fiat acceptance: for kickex achieve critical mass and attract institutional interest, must accept fiat currencies. this easy task the global and ambiguously regulated world live in, which why few exchanges offer fiat support, but are working hard set the legal and technical foundations for becoming fiat gateway. mainstream meets professional: kickico dramatically streamlined and improved the experience participating ico. now, we're bringing that and design expertise kickex create more elegant, usable, and accessible exchange. but kickex doesn't stop there, also offers full-time and institutional traders separate, professional-grade interface, increasing kickex's overall market potential. fair and transparent listing process: kickex strongly opposes current exchange practices that obfuscate and complicate the process listing token. these practices are harmful the entire industry: they scare away potential token sale participants who would rather wait and see what exchanges their token gets listed first, and they waste valuable time and money from already resource-strapped startups. contrast these practices, kickex's listing process will fair, affordable, and transparent. scalable, robust tech: most cryptocurrency exchanges today were launched quickly take advantage growing demand. their rush market has led suboptimal code, which has caused sluggishness and disruptive maintenance and upgrade downtime windows. kickex was created deliberately from the ground scale. utilizes the internet backbone high bandwidth channels, industrial servers, and routers ensure fast, secure, and reliable experience. and will never disrupt trading suddenly going offline for upgrades and routine maintenance. detailed reporting: traders have access detailed data, reporting, and analytics similar what they find the biggest stock market platforms, like nasdaq. traders can use this data research their next moves, gauge the current market, and assess their past performance. traders can easily aggregate their annual trading data for convenient tax returns, instead relying third-party software. professional trading tools: addition being easy use for mainstream traders, kickex offers full-time and institutional traders separate, professional-grade interface with all the features they need succeed. kickex supports market orders, limit orders, stop orders, stop limit orders, and trailing stop orders. includes fundamental analysis tools, such news aggregator and economic calendar. and offers powerful charts perfect for technical analysts, with market depth, indicators, cluster analysis, and trading risk calculator. process automation: kickex streamlines and automates many the manual, labor-intensive backend and workflow processes that bottleneck other exchanges. this will lead superior product experience and industry-leading customer service. will share more details about this later time preserve kickico's competitive edge. api support with market transparency: like other leading exchanges, kickico lets traders and developers access its platform via high-performance apis. unlike other exchanges, kickico reports the breakdown between exchange trades and api trades, giving transparency into which trade volumes are manually executed and which are bot-based. kickdesk many startups prefer run their token sales their own website, with their own branding, rather than host them another platform and send traffic elsewhere. support these startups, we're introducing kickdesk, white label solution that cleanly integrates into any website. kickdesk will greatly expand kickico's reach across the web and bring new people into the kickico ecosystem. includes the following features. easy, white label integration: startups can run their ico sto their own website, retaining all traffic and keeping their branding and style intact. kickex autolisting and auction pricing: every token sale that runs through kickdesk automatically lists kickex special section, vastly expanding the participant pool. this synergy with kickex also opens the door the next generation aico and eico pricing mechanisms that will discuss soon (not valid for stos). detailed analytics: kickdesk logs all interactions and sends them the startup's kickico dashboard, that the startup can monitor their ico sto progress real time and make campaign and marketing adjustments the fly. compliant: startups don't need worry about kyc/aml laws because kickdesk already integrated with identity verification services through kickid, making compliance automatic. hosting: while kickdesk lives the startup's website, customer data still securely hosted kickico's database for easy access and management. startups don't need worry about security and data-hosting compliance. creating positive feedback loop: every startup that uses kickdesk for its token sale promotes the entire kickico network, creating bigger pool potential backers, which turn creates more success stories. kickico community and marketing: campaigns using kickdesk receive access kickico's community and database, ensuring that their campaign reaches vast new group potential backers. new pricing models: aico and eico aico, auction-based initial coin offering, term use for our newly invented concept fair price token sale (ico sto), which the price tokens offered not fixed the ico/sto, but instead bid-based auction. this concept intended prevent the overestimated token prices plaguing the global market and drive them equilibrium between supply offered and demand generated. the aico the biggest change kickico offers token fundraising. unlike the traditional model, which members are just buyers tokens fixed price, aico's innovative auction mechanics enable token's price form organically the market. members will place publicly visible bids, informing value and increasing transparency the entire process. the potential this has drive confidence engaging with token fundraising cannot overstated. with this increased transparency backers can act with more confidence that the tokens they want support will not just plummet value once leaving the ico. thus, they are more likely engage with the project, rather than letting die the vine, for fear how the greater market will react. this new design, token sale creator will place lots available for the public purchase, each lot having expiration date: once the expiration happens, the bid with the highest value buys the token, and the next lot/token will for sale. lot that underpriced will corrected upward, lot that overestimated will drop value. such design will allow the market automatically and organically regulate itself, without the token price being under- overestimated. while the aico essential part kick version and something the entire team cannot wait implement, consider only the first step the path developing healthy system interaction between token sale creators and backers, one that will regulate the token price accordance with market demand. the future, will introduce the initial exchange coin offering (ieco) concept the public, which will combine the principles aico with the functionality kickex. this design, the tokensale process will based the normal trade system exchange. basically, allowing fundraising happen freely market exchange. this process could democratize even further how projects all around the world get funded. kickwallet kickwallet standalone cryptocurrency wallet that supports every currency the kick ecosystem and seamlessly integrates with every kick service: kickico, kickex, kickdesk, kickpay, and the rest. kickwallet offers lite-exchange functionality for those who don't want spend time navigating traditional exchange experience. can used quickly buy, sell, convert crypto. across the kick network, kickwallet can used send and receive funds, for example participate ico, pay service provider, receive ico contributions. course, kickwallet supports sending and receiving funds wallet addresses outside the kick ecosystem. also supports integrating external wallet private keys, which are securely encrypted, for quick account balance top-ups. anticipate that many people will use kickwallet their preferred cryptocurrency wallet, even they don't otherwise participate the kick ecosystem. kickpay kickpay cryptocurrency payment gateway that lets online merchants easily get paid crypto, expanding their revenue potential. kickpay accepts all major cryptocurrencies and, once the kickonomy can transact fiat, will able replace existing fiat payment solutions well. kickpay has everything merchants need, from well-documented api payment reports. kickpay utilizes kickid and kickwallet, customers can login their existing accounts pay merchants quickly and efficiently. kickpay revenue-driver for kick ecosystem because merchants pay small transaction fee all sales. kickcpa kickcpa enables cpa (cost per acquisition) networks deliver traffic any service the kick ecosystem, such kickico, kickex, whirl, and others. eventually, kickcpa will evolve into its own standalone cpa network. kickref every member the kick ecosystem can create their own personalized referral links different parts the network, such kickico, kickico ico and sto campaigns, kickex, and the service provider network. someone clicks referral link, joins the kick ecosystem, and then makes transaction, the link creator earns referral commission. referral commissions are persistent and they extend down two levels: the people referred people refer and the people those people refer. for example, you refer peter, and peter refers paul, and paul refers anna, you earn referral commission peter's transactions, smaller one paul's transactions, and even smaller one anna's transactions. referral commissions are modest, not limit kick's own growth, but for members who are great evangelists and marketers, could wind being significant source passive income. kickmobile kickmobile kick's ambitious, all-encompassing mobile app that combines full ecosystem functionality with expanded features like news, articles, chat, and portfolio tracking. kickmobile has every feature from kickico, kickex, kickid, kickwallet built for quick and easy mobile access. can also used alternative chat apps and supports direct messaging, groups, kick support, and ico/sto owner support. the most popular crypto apps mobile are portfolio tracking apps, like delta and blockfolio. kickmobile will enter this market with comprehensive portfolio tracking and charting features that support cryptocurrencies outside the kick ecosystem. members will able setup pricing alarms, notifications, and leverage kickex make instant trades. down the pipeline, kickmobile will support news and article aggregation. with all its features taken together, kickmobile will become the definitive app for cryptocurrency enthusiasts around the world. earnings model kickico's ecosystem economy, kickonomy, supports many different cryptocurrencies but has one coin, kickcoin, its center. kickcoin will grant holders special discounts when used and will required exclusively for certain transactions. users can purchase kickcoin kickex other exchanges and earn kickcoin for contributing the ecosystem. kickonomy transactions and commissions kickonomy transactions include, but are not limited to: kickico platform listing fees every project must pay listing fee order launch the kickico platform. listing fees will begin $,, which affordable for serious projects yet out reach for fly-by-night projects, scam projects, projects without substantial business model. listing fees will paid exclusively kickcoin. kickico service provider network help startups meet all their ico and sto needs, kickico includes directory party service providers, spanning lawyers, writers, graphic designers, marketers, and many others. these service providers will price their offerings kickcoin and kickico will take commission from each deal, burning received tokens with the burn strategy described the next section. this directory will accessible any startup, regardless whether not they're hosted kickico. kickico's service provider network meets unmet need the crypto community and anticipate that many startups will use independent the rest the kick ecosystem. kickico promo placement anyone kickico can fund their advertising wallet with kickcoin, upload creatives, and runs their ads across the network, with the most coveted spot being large unit above all campaigns the kickico site. this advertising can used promote anything: ico, blog, service provider, trading pair, news story. kickex listing fees similar kickico, kickex will require listing fee, ranging from $,, that's paid exclusively kickcoin. this listing fee will calculated based many factors, including the size and reputation the project and the difficulty our engineers will have integrating the coin into kickex (e.g., erc- tokens are trivial integrate, whereas protocol coins are more difficult). beyond that, kickex will require additional fees for every listing trading pair the startup wishes create. kickex pro account members can spend kickcoin upgrade their account prolevel and unlock exclusive features. these features include pro interface, api trading access, additional trading instruments, live news feeds, and access special statistics and reports. kickex automatic trading contests top traders will have the chance win kickcoin frequent exchange trading competitions. these contests will gamify trading, nurture the community, and generate camaraderie and friendly competition. kickex highlights startup can pay have their project featured prominently kickex increase its discoverability and liquidity. payments for featured placements will done kickcoin with the same burn strategy described the next section. because featured placement slots are limited, anticipate high demand and robust pricing. kickex reports kickex offers professional-grade data, reporting, and analytics tools for serious independent and institutional traders. some these reports will pay-only and priced kickcoin. kickex api access companies traders who wish access kickex's powerful trading api will pay monthly subscription fee that's paid exclusively kickcoin. this api will support algorithmic trading, cross-exchange trading, and many more features. kickex white label any company can launch next-generation cryptocurrency exchange licensing kickex's technology. they pay only installation fee and yearly licensing fee. kickex white label was designed get and running quickly and integrates with kickico ecosystem tools like kickid, for easy login and kyc, and kickwallet, for crypto and fiat processing and billing. kickex white label fully customizable. even though kickex does not charge trade commissions, kickex white label allows customers set their own maker/taker commissions. the installation and licensing fees for kickex white label can paid different currencies, but paying kickcoin will grant significant discount. kickcoin received this way will burned according the strategy described below. kickpay commissions kickpay cryptocurrency payment gateway that any online merchant can use get paid crypto. kick takes small commission every payment that runs through kickpay, and any payment made with kickcoin will follow the burn strategy described the next section. these are just subset the many transaction types that will live across the kickonomy. more will added over time the ecosystem expands. kickcoin burn strategy all kickonomy commissions received kickcoin will burned. the beginning, coins received this way will burned with verifiable smart contract call. later, when least all kickcoin have been removed from the market, the burn rate will halve, helping fund the next wave platform innovation. kickcoin's aggressive burn strategy and its many valuable use cases across the kickonomy will create strong demand for the token. startups and token sale participants will hunt for kickcoin exchanges pay for the many features and benefits offered. these forces will combine make kickcoin into one the most sought-after currencies crypto. future blockchain development though kickcoin token the ethereum blockchain, are laying the groundwork create our own proprietary, nextgeneration blockchain that will utilize kickcoin its platform coin. this new blockchain will address many the problems that we've seen first-hand from existing blockchains and will focus the specific needs business and government. when our new blockchain launches, all kickonomy tokens, such kick and wrl, well partner tokens, will ported the platform, boosting the top the coin rankings. fiat support for the kickonomy reach its full potential, needs audience that goes beyond hardcore cryptocurrency enthusiasts; needs mainstream and large-scale institutional support. the key winning these audiences accept fiat currency, are working aggressively the legal and technical structures necessary for that. once the kickonomy integrates fiat support, will increase the fundraising size icos and stos new capital flows in. will also give kick platforms and services significant and sustainable competitive edge. team kick ecosystem introduces refreshed and streamlined team under the leadership and vision original co-founder anti danilevski. executive team anti danilevski, ceo founder anti danilevski early blockchain pioneer, investor, crowdfunding evangelist, and speaker. founded kickico and grew community more than crypto investors, helping startups raise more than eth. anti was only years old when began his tech career, first videogame designer and then producer. alex sadonov, coo experienced operation and project director with demonstrated history working the telecommunications and online industry with more than years experience. strong operations professional skilled digital platforms and strategy, online gaming and vas projects. former vas projects director pao "rostelecom" the biggest russia telecommunications company. has successfully launched games platforms rambler and mailru group companies. experienced operation and project director with demonstrated history working the biggest russia telecommunications company. eugene zykov, cto eugene zykov cto with more than years experience financial companies the top positions. have portfolio successfully completed projects like implementations core banking systems, retail online-banking services, build high performance and scalable infrastructure and consulting for top russian banks. eugene high qualificated software development and management. last several years have worked with crypto and blockchain industry. roel wolfert, advisor roel wolfert senior executive the fintech world, with positions qoin, vgrip and bancor. has more than years global experience the world finance and payments having worked key industry initiatives including sepa, cls, contactless. roel has economics from maastricht university, and executive degree innovation from the haas school business berkeley. roel was one kickico's original advisors. engineering team led cto eugene zykov, kickico's engineering team one the largest and most experienced blockchain. currently made full-time programmers and will expand more than within the next months. this time our it-team separated key groups: kickico (also kikcref, kickcpa, kickdesk) consist six professionals: senior back-end developers, senior front-end, middle frontend developers, full stack developer. kickid/kickwallet team consist team-leader, senior golang/c++ developers, blockchain engineers. kickex/kickpay team consist highly qualified banking systems team-lead/it-architect, senior golang/c++ developers and front-end developers. also team have devops engineers and it-infrastructure engineer and engineers. kick ecosystem technical description kick ecosystem layer the kick ecosystem supports all major cryptocurrency use cases under one unified architecture, addition supporting fiat payments for certain transactions. financial accounting model transactions across kick are managed the same financial accounting plane. this ensures that financial operations between multiple kick services don't require transferring funds between them, increasing system efficiency and reliability. technical cash flow pattern the above diagram, you'll note that kick's internal accounting system housed and maintained off-blockchain. this was done order increase transaction processing speed and allow the platform greater flexibility for payment commissions, which are zero many cases but can customized depending such factors type currency, customer characteristics, and turnover. kick's accounting system manages operations within the platform and operations platform blockchain wallets. utilizes the classical double entry financial accounting approach that's used financial institutions around the world. additionally, its posting schemes are modeled after banking schemes: individual accounting shards (copies the accounting mechanism that serves their customer pools) function identically fiat banks (with "interbank" transfers when operation affects customers different shards). kick ecosystem architecture details functional scheme the platform accounting core implementation the blue dotted square the diagram above highlights the core kick's financial accounting system (using the example two independent shards). this portion includes dbms and services (ex, i.e. exchanger), which execute the orders internal and external accounting consumers. the part the kick platform that activated all its services, either directly indirectly. the accounting system, which manages all financial operations across the kick ecosystem, built the postgresql industrial database. chose postgresql for its high-speed throughput, robust reliability, security, and extensive authorization system, which lets you set rights with detailed granularity. each internal platform service that interacts with the accounting database has access only from certain network segments, while being limited strictly isolated functionality and the minimum necessary data cut. kick's accounting performance needs begin breach the limits postresql's, will implement hot data service dbms with acid guarantees, but specializing in-memory computing (e.g., aerospike tarantool). the service processes and routes orders various types and their translation the accounting shard. payment orders are delivered the service both through queue (from internal services) and directly from external customers. accounting consumers for user convenience, use single metering plane throughout the platform, the accounting core also used other services (beside the internal wallet), such kickico and kickpay trading processing. deliver payment orders the accounting core, use classic queuing solution. service addition the fact that the service specializes servicing customers the exchange, and therefore its main functional part, the composition the elements the exchange complement: ms: matcher, providing the mechanics trading tr: trigger mechanism that serves various types stop orders that react market conditions and generate trade orders when the conditions specified the client occur stat: service that stores and aggregates market data for prompt customer delivery publisher: service that supports long-lived client connections for delivering various data customers subscription (quotes, portfolio changes, etc.) kickico platform functional description kickico kick's flagship platform that connects ico/sto blockchain projects with large community backers. from technical perspective, kickico consists multiple servers that house multiple databases and user panels, well scoring system and messaging service. kickico's api gateways are written and they are limited certain types requests. the public network for communication with kickico users (backers, ico/sto owners, moderators), while the private network used administrators and for communication with other kick services. the beginning, kickico will support the following currencies: btc, eth, kick, wrl, usdt, ltc, bch, xrp, xlm, dash, ada. immediately when kickex exchange launched, will possible participate projects via various currencies, listed kickex. when all legal documents are finalized, fiat will also accepted. databases the kickico server hosts two general database types. the first the main that consists master and several slave dbs. the master contains all campaign-related information and its data mirrored the slave dbs for security and redundancy. the second type logs statistical data, which collected the streaming service from internal and external events. panels kickico consists four panels: the backer's panel, the ico/sto owner panel, the moderator panel, and the administrator panel. backer's panel: this panel lets registered users manage their data and events across the kickico platform. among many other features, users can edit their personal information and settings, complete kyc via integration with kyc provider, see currency account balances via integration with kickwallet, browse their token purchase history, and withdraw currencies their personal wallets bank accounts (once fiat currencies are supported). ico/sto owner panel: among many other features, this panel can used create new ico sto campaign kickico, edit campaign details, pass scoring requirements (can done several times), undergo howey test, and access campaign data such user responses, statistics, and sales. moderator panel: moderators can see lists users, campaigns, withdrawals and complaints. they can also use the panel approve, deny, edit campaigns, and interact with creators. admin panel: administrators have the highest permission-level the system. they can access all moderator features and, additionally, they can appoint remove moderators, read and act complaints, browse platform statistics, and apply technical updates. messaging service the messaging service permits users write and receive messages, receive campaign updates, contact kickico and kexec support, and communicate with campaign owners with questions and concerns. kickid functional description kickid the registration, authentication, and authorization service for the kick ecosystem. kickid allows users register and authenticate themselves all kick services and platforms once. after registering with kickid, users can pass integrated kyc, which authenticates them all kick platforms and services, well all white label kick solutions. for example, user who registers kickid will able instantly use kickico, kickpay, kickex, and white label kickex exchanges without having re-register and re-authenticate for each one. the kickid service stores user attributes. during authentication, kickid gives other kick services access user attributes. kickid records and stores user behavior data such and devices used, login frequency, and password changes. kickid tracks and records all user actions. main components kickid service the diagram below outlines the main components the kickid service. the transport layer processes user data input and transmits the controller layer. the controllers not have direct access the database, but use special services located virtual private network interact with the repository layer, which turn works with the database. thus, database interaction carried out through limited set interfaces, prohibiting direct access from the outside world. each level the scheme presented separate microservice, allowing the system scale horizontally and withstand high loads. kickid server kickid server microservice that interacts with user data input. the transport layer, compatible with variety protocols including http, grpc (http tcp, and udp. its default mode, uses grpc (http kickid terminates incoming connections and processes and validates user input. also converts and serializes data using protobuf order call remote procedures from other microservices. unlike text protocols, the kickid service uses binary protocol reduce the overhead sending messages over the network. kickid services kickid services group isolated microservices that implements the basic business logic for user authorization and authentication, kyc, two-factor authentication (fa), and all user password and session operations. also forms attribute user model based which other components the kick platform will assign their roles control access resources. user authentication uses the oauth standard. user password protection implemented according the rfc and rfc standards and follows all necessary recommendations from pkcs. two factor authentication implemented according the rfc standard. other services include journaling user actions, detecting suspicious activity, and blocking members due platform usage violations. the individual components microservices from the kickid group additionally perform protection against known threat models and attack vectors, which are used network offenders obtain privileged access the system. kickid repositories the primary task most microservices work with data. requests for receiving and changing data are taken from microservices from the kickid services group. all queries are prevalent and performed only through fixed, predefined set methods, avoiding common problems such sql injections, incorrect special character escaping, and arbitrary query execution. this layer interacts with the data stores. there also audit operations with repositories and access rights division. resourceintensive operations are cached speed data reading. kickid storages kickid's data storage layer implemented rdbms and nosql. user data stored servers housed across multiple, geographically dispersed data centers connected highbandwidth network channels. the model convergence consistent state chosen according the principle convergence, which the facto standard for building geographically distributed data stores. this infrastructure ensures high availability and reliable system performance even the event multiple server failures, even the failure entire data center. data served from servers nearest users ensure high speeds. preview (alpha) kickwallet functional description kickwallet kick's service for processing, sending, and receiving cryptocurrency payments. consists primary database, several servers each with their own database, blockchain nodes, and blockchain service that interacts with nodes. kickwallet operates the private kick network. the main components the kickwallet service kickwallet components are group microservices that are combined grpc framework tools. certain components, such those that perform user balance operations, are kept private from the outside. communication between microservices occurs via secure communication channel and each component run multiple instances provide fault tolerance and high load performance. kickwallet service kickwallet service the main component the user wallet system. handles the business logic for creating wallet, funding it, and checking its balance. the service also manages cryptocurrency rates, rate conversions between accounts, and queries the accounting core. microservices this level are kept separate from users. only authorized users may execute specific commands them. security-critical data wallets such private keys and hierarchically generated keys (e.g., bip bip bip) are stored encrypted separate data stores with high threshold fault tolerance and security. data distributed over geographically dispersed data centers, which are connected high-speed channels. all data transmitted between the data centers encrypted. kickwallet cryptoserver gateway kickwallet cryptoserver gateway the system module that interacts with external blockchain environments. implemented group microservices that scale automatically increasing load. maintains connections with geographically distant nodes for each supported cryptocurrency order confirm user wallet transactions. input, withdrawal, deposit, and transaction validation performed the blockchain performed this group microservices. kickwallet queue kickwallet queue the component that interacts with the accounting core. sends and receives requests related the user's account balance. persistent, fault tolerant, and has the enterprise-level attributes needed for secure message transmission. kickdesk kickdesk separate and configurable widget for ico/sto projects conduct their token sale campaigns outside the kickico platform. kickdesk coded javascript and can embedded any website. easily customizable with css/html and includes built-in registration, authentication, balance checking, and token purchasing controls. kickdesk does not have its own database; all data, such statistics, transactions, and campaign information stored across kickico's databases. kickdesk communicates with other kick services through special api. kickpay kickpay payment service that lets merchants easily accept payment cryptocurrency and, eventually, fiat. the kickpay service coordinates payment between multiple parties and supports multiple scenarios. example scenario, the sender kick user who maintains account balance kickwallet and the recipient merchant who has integrated kickpay. once the payment transaction occurs, three events take place: first, the payer receives their purchased product service (physical digital). second, obligation created between the merchant and the kick platform. third, kick closes the obligation, either immediately with time delay, depending the form and terms the payment. the kickpay service api supports different types interactions between participants, depending the type business and the legal and technical features the partners. kickpay inherits the same implementation and operation principles from the kickdesk service (e.g., data stored kick rather than its own database), but uses its own api work with the service and widget. connecting kickpay service third-party sites any website can easily install kickpay and begin accepting cryptocurrency and, eventually, fiat. they simply select readymade widget and customize with html and css their preference. more advanced users can leverage kickpay's open source sdk kit, which supports popular programming like js, php, java, swift, and kotlin. site owners can use the kickpay service after completing the kyc procedure and entering into legal agreement with kick. users wishing pay using the kickpay widget must also register with kickid and undergo kyc procedure, also presented width. anyone who's already completed kyc the kickid platform does not need re-register through the process again. kickref kickref functional description (alpha) kickref classic multi-level referral system which the user has the opportunity receive rewards not only for the actions his referral, but also for the actions users who are referrals towards him. users participating the referral system are divided into six levels: user the first level will receive reward for the actions all users who are his referrals, for the actions referrals his referrals (level etc. level the chain. the user can use the service functionality his account, having received unique referral link. each service can have several customizable referral programs. detailed technical description kickref will added the next version kick ecosystem wp. kickcpa (alpha) kickcpa will developed two stages. stage one integrate with existing cpa networks, which will allow campaign owners instantly order traffic. stage two create kick's own cpa ecosystem network. this network, users will able become cpa agents who can use the service api drive traffic the kick platform. cpa agent types there are three types cpa agents. campaign agents: campaign agents are webmasters and other platform users who drive traffic ico sto campaigns. they are paid individual campaign creators who specify payment terms upfront. platform agents: platform agents are webmasters who send traffic the platform. they are compensated for every highquality registration they refer. business agents: business agents are users who bring ico sto campaigns the platform and receive percentage campaign fees upon successful listing. business agents undergo kyc and manual validation, after which they receive unique referral link. once campaign reaches its soft cap, they receive percentage the campaign fees. they will receive additional bonus the campaign lists kickex. detailed technical description kickcpa will added the next version kick ecosystem wp. kickcpa types agents platform cpa agents are divided into three types: campaign agent campaign agents are webmasters and other users the platform who send traffic campaign that runs the platform; platform agents. platform agents are webmasters directing traffic the platform and receiving rewards from the kick platform; business agents. business agents are users who bring campaigns the platform and receive percentage the campaign fees they have successfully passed ico sto. for agents the first type, functional will provided, where the author the campaign indicates what reward willing pay the traffic generators for each paid client and indicates the minimum payment willing pay, and replenishes the balance. money paid automatically the traffic generator soon their referral makes payment. all who are registered the cpa account receive notification new referral campaign the platform the post. when the reward balance ends, the referral campaign stopped and all participants receive relevant notifications. agents the second type will receive reward for high-quality registrations (for users who have registered and passed kyc) for payments, depending which offer they choose. this the classic cpa system. agents the third type (business cpa) will receive rewards for campaigning. obtain the status business cpa, these users will need undergo kyc and inspection the platform managers, after which this status will confirmed. after confirming the status, unique link will generated, according which the agent will able receive percentage the campaign fees reaches the soft cap. also, agents the third type the event exit tokens collected the campaign the exchange will receive additional bonus. kick ecosystem security features network protection maintain platform stability, dpi systems will used filter and block suspicious traffic. border segments with public networks will use cisco firepower solutions that implement mechanism for monitoring, analyzing and reporting suspicious user activity. the interaction components the kick platform occurs exclusively through the internal private network. databases protection platform database protection implemented creating classic system rights and access groups, ssl connections, automatic backups, snapshots and multi-warm-ups. attention paid monitoring the activity users with advanced level access (administrators). data protection, replication and backup the basis kick platform data protection the ability recover data after their complete loss damage, and additional data protection from compromising. methods working with data are based the modern principles "data lifecycle management" and decisions for assessing, cataloging and protecting user information from various threats. protect and preserve data, have implemented replication mechanism geographically distributed servers with high level fault tolerance. data transmitted and stored encrypted form. when request delete data received, the data deleted from all replicas. security information and event management the siem system receives, delivers, and visualizes information about the many characteristics the components the kick platform. used monitor and control suspicious actions users. for example, even attacker succeeds gaining control user account and impersonating him (by obfuscating traffic), mismatch between the normal sequence user actions will detected and serve signal for verification. incident response the event any abnormal situations, users the platform will immediately notified this and the development team will make every effort resolve the problem soon possible. disclaimer this document for information purposes only, and not offer call sell stocks securities the kickico platform, that any other related associated company. kickcoin tokens are not securities user acknowledges, understands, and agrees that kickcoins are not securities and are not registered with any government entity security, and shall not considered such. user acknowledges, understands, and agrees that ownership kickcoins does not grant the user the right receive profits, income, other payments returns arising from the acquisition, holding, management disposal of, the exercise of, the redemption of, the expiry of, any right, interest, title benefit the kickico kickico platform any other kickico property, whole part. absence guarantees income profit there guarantee that kickcoin tokens will grow value. there are guarantees that the price kickcoins will not decrease, including significantly, due some unforeseen events, events over which the developers have control, because force majeure circumstances. risks associated with ethereum kickcoin tokens will issued the ethereum blockchain. therefore, any failure malfunctioning the ethereum protocol may lead the trading network kickcoin tokens not working expected. regulatory uncertainty blockchain technologies are subject supervision and control various regulatory bodies around the world. kickcoin tokens may fall under one more requests actions their part, including but not limited restrictions imposed the use possession digital tokens such kickcoins, which may slow limit the functionality repurchase kickcoin tokens the future. kickcoin tokens are not investment kickcoin tokens are not official legally binding investments any kind. case unforeseen circumstances, the objectives stated this document may changed. despite the fact that intend reach all goals described this document, all persons and parties involved the purchase kickcoin tokens their own risk. quantum computers technical innovations, like the development quantum computers, may pose danger cryptocurrencies, including kickcoin tokens. risk losing funds funds collected fundraising are way insured. they are lost lose their value, there private public insurance representative that buyers can reach out to. returning funds campaign does not end successfully, canceled its creator, moderators, the funds are returned the wallets those users who transferred funds the wallet the campaign. the user made their payment fiat currency (usd, eur, rur, any other), the funds are returned their eth wallet inside the kickico system. the user can withdraw this eth use them participate any other campaign launched the kickico platform. risks using new technologies kickcoin tokens are new and relatively untested technology. addition the risks mentioned this document, there are certain additional risks that the team the kickico platform cannot foresee. these risks may manifest themselves other forms risk than those specified herein. crowdinvesting the kickico platform disclaims any and all responsibility liability relation any obligations made creators crowdinvesting campaigns investors who bought their tokens the kickico platform. the kickico platform just intermediary between creators such campaigns and their investors. the function the kickico platform only transfer funds from investors creators, and tokens crowdinvesting campaign creators investors. kickico does not guarantee the claims made campaign creators. integration all information contained within this whitepaper provided for general information purposes only, and intended present guide the decentralized services which may provided kickico future. nothing published this document intended (i) legal, financial, professional, tax other advice; (ii) recommendation undertake (or cease undertaking) any action whatsoever; (iii) advertisement, solicitation legal offer; (iv) offer call buy sell stocks securities the kickico platform, that any other related associated company, (v) promise any voting ownership rights kickico (vi) promise receiving any passive income, any return investment any profit; and should not construed any the foregoing. the kickcoin cryptographicallysecured representation token-holder's rights get access the kickico platform and receive services the kickico platform future through the token-holder's active actions, such launching campaigns, buying services etc. kickonomy pte. ltd., joo chiat road, #-, singapore