kin: decentralized ecosystem digital services for daily life position paper kik interactive, inc. may motivation the past years have brought series momentous shifts the advancement communication and commerce, each catalyzed new technologies that have increased the power media: the telegraph, the telephone, radio, television, the web, and, finally, the mobile internet. each case, these new modes communication brought the world fresh commercial opportunities, facilitating the exchange and promotion goods and services that could reach ever greater, and increasingly targeted, population. today, are witnessing the next evolutionary leap: the assimilation economic value into communication systems. digital services such chat, social media, and online payments have come play fundamental role our daily lives, influencing not only our consumption behaviors, but also our discourse, politics, and methods value exchange. our digital communications platforms are becoming the most important media the ongoing development global economy. through accident history, today's dominant digital services have been organized largely around attention-based economy and monetized through advertising. this fact can explained partly the "information wants free" ethos that characterized the early days the internet, which encouraged content owners and communication platforms provide their products and services without asking for payment. inevitably, such companies would later sell the attention and data their consumers advertisers and marketers. the ad-based approach has also proven reliable business model the absence universal and frictionless online payments solutions, which have only recently become available, let alone practical. the reliance advertising for digital media revenue has resulted advantages for companies whose products reach mass audiences. such companies can leverage network effects and economies scale apply intense pressure smaller competitors, while also stifling competition providing their services free charge. result, large companies enjoy the compounding interest incumbency, concentrating wealth and power the hands the few. this often the detriment consumer privacy and user experience and almost always the expense new entrants the sector. cases where digital communication providers have also been able build meaningful businesses based transactions, the trends are just concerning. again, the incumbents can use network effects and economies scale their advantage. increasing consolidation imperils consumer choice and concentrates wealth among few major corporations that may grow have outsized economic and political influence society. these entities are motivated create products that control attention instead empowering consumers. left unchecked, few private companies will exercise absolute authority over the digital services everyone uses, effectively eliminating consumer choice global scale. safeguard the key tenets market-based economy and prolong innovation the technology sector, the internet needs fundamentally different way doing business. kik believes the time right for roadmap for new ecosystem for digital communications and commerce that delivers more power developers and consumers. people everywhere would well served digital ecosystem that fosters direct economic relationships between developers, creators, and consumers, with value and governance shared among the participants. such ecosystem would offer consumers set rich, diverse, and open digital services that put the user experience first. the same time, kik has been close observer the growing momentum decentralized technologies such bitcoin and ethereum. these blockchain-based networks offer open source models which new digital ecosystems may thrive. large communities can gather around such networks and encourage the development customized digital economies. such ecosystem, consumers can trade currency for goods services provided creators and developers that have economic incentives, other than advertising, make great products. decentralized networks, both economic value and governance are distributed among the network's stakeholders rather than concentrated single and centralized organization. the stakeholders are its founders, investors, supporters, custodians, operators and, most importantly, its consumers. these systems, economic value created the decentralized organization distributed among all participants, ensuring that the users who create are compensated for their efforts. decentralization offers the most promising path realize kik's vision sustainable future online communication and commerce. this work, kik presents its vision for kin, decentralized ecosystem digital services for daily life. table contents kik's vision new digital currency building fundamental value building ecosystem foundation for open governance summary the kin cryptocurrency purpose and characterization implementation: ethereum and erc building digital economy inside kik about kik and currency the kik points experiment kin integration kik earnable currency kin wallet ethereum settlement layer kik economy and prospective use cases example use case: shoutout messages example use case: tipping example use case: bot monetization example use case: brand missions the kin foundation overview governance goals research goals development goals mandate and long-term goals core technology summary technical considerations platform limitations and off-chain solution on-chain and off-chain tradeoffs technical whitepaper the kin rewards engine identity service kin token issuance kin token allocations supply schedule inflation schedule time series token distribution event conclusion kin founding team kik executive team kin core team lead advisors kik's vision kik has been leading innovator the chat space since the first million people signed for the chat application kik was the first chat app become platform and the first western chat platform integrate bots throughout and kik also experimented with form digital currency its platform, called kik points. company, kik has been searching for sustainable monetization model that does not compromise user experience privacy. rather than opt for mass display advertising the selling consumer data, kik has decided adopt decentralized organizational model. its goal encourage the development digital services ecosystem that fair and open. kik prefers participant rather than landlord this user-first economy. foster ecosystem that not only open and decentralized but also more compelling than its traditional counterpart, kik must create series new products, services, and systems. building decentralized system complex process, and the transition must done measured and responsible way over time. the following sections this paper outline kik's plan for launching entirely new platform: the kin ecosystem. new digital currency the first step create new cryptocurrency: kin. related the word "kinship," and conveying feeling being connected community, the kin identity and currency designed specifically bring people together new shared economy. but simply creating digital currency not enough. for cryptocurrency viable, must also useful and valuable. establish economy around the new currency, kik must help establish kin's fundamental value. building fundamental value kik has been experimenting with forms in-app currency since when launched kik points. the company wanted see users its chat app would eager earn and spend centralized digital currency. key this innovation was the notion that users would not have purchase kik points but could instead earn them within the app. millions kik users participated, resulting average monthly transaction volume nearly three times higher than the global transaction volume bitcoin. today, kik one the world's most used chat apps and the fifth most-searched term the ios app store. the millions people who use kik each month are unique position demonstrate how cryptocurrency economies might form and function the context large mainstream user base. kik will build fundamental value for the new currency integrating kin into its chat app. indeed, kin will kik's primary transaction currency, and kik will the first service join the kin ecosystem. the future, users will able earn kin providing value other members the kik digital community through curation, content creation, and commerce. kik users will able spend kin products, services, and other valuable assets offered merchants, developers, influencers, and other participants. kin will sit the center new digital economy inside kik, driving demand and fundamental value for the cryptocurrency. its resulting value will enable the launch economic incentive mechanism, the kin rewards engine, further grow the ecosystem. building ecosystem the kin rewards engine will use economic incentives bring other digital services and applications into the decentralized kin ecosystem. inspired previous systems like bitcoin's block rewards and steemit's posting rewards, the rewards engine will create natural incentives for digital service providers adopt kin and become partners the ecosystem. the ecosystem will not impose any unnecessary restrictions tolls monetization strategies, beyond ensuring common ethics and legality content and transactions. more partners join, the network effect the kin ecosystem will grow, building the value the currency, and turn encouraging new partners join this initiative. majority the kin supply will allocated the operation the kin rewards engine. periodically, the rewards engine will unlock and distribute specific amount kin shared among digital service providers the kin ecosystem. the reward that each partner receives will proportional measure the utilization kin within that digital service. such value will assessed well-defined process that ensures the rewards are distributed fairly using objective, performance-based methodology. rewards will transparent, auditable, and secure. the kin rewards engine will initially administered the kin foundation. however, over time, will decentralized based smart contract technology. foundation for open governance over time, kik will work structure and form the kin foundation, nonprofit organization oversee the fair and productive growth the kin ecosystem. the kin foundation will administer the kin supply and the kin rewards engine. will also provide support and tools for digital services operate more easily within the ecosystem. ultimately, the kin foundation will facilitate the entire ecosystem's transition fully decentralized and autonomous network. the founding member the kin foundation, kik will the ecosystem's champion and will showcase kin its millions users. over time, kik will also promote other kin digital services. such approach demonstrates the power and promise decentralization strategy, which provides path transition from competitive model cooperative one, where all participants benefit from their collective success. part this process, kik will incrementally transition open source for the majority its currently proprietary codebase. eventually, the foundation's membership and governance will become open other ecosystem partners. the kin foundation will support them onboarding kin and developing https://bitcoin.org/en/glossary/block-reward. https://steem.io/getinvolved/posting-rewards. augmenting digital services with integrated transaction economies. will also oversee development important fundamental components shared across the entire ecosystem, such identity and reputation management, cryptocurrency wallets, and compliance solutions. summary through series economic and technological transitions, and based new cryptocurrency called kin, kik will work toward creating the first open and sustainable alternative ecosystem digital services for our daily lives. economic incentives the core this ecosystem will ensure that all participants users, founders, and digital service partners will ultimately benefit from this work. kik will encourage network effect for kin becoming its first large adopter and sponsor. will also establish the kin foundation the custodian the kin ecosystem, driving the stability and growth kin services. over time, the kin foundation will oversee the transition the kin ecosystem fully decentralized model that can operate with assistance from kik any other entity. the decentralized kin ecosystem will emerge sustainable autonomous economy that can empower the existing suite chat, social, and other digital services, while building platform for the best user experiences. the kin ecosystem will seek establish global network digital services that constitutes new cooperative operating model, focused the long term. this model, developers and service providers will enjoy the right and opportunity innovate and compete for compensation, while users will benefit from diverse digital experience, freedom choice, and access broad range commercial services. the kin cryptocurrency purpose and characterization kik introducing open source cryptographic token, named kin, which envisioned generalpurpose cryptocurrency for use everyday digital services such chat, social media, and payments. kin will the unit account for all economic transactions within the kin ecosystem, and will serve the basis interoperability with other digital services. character, kin pure cryptocurrency fixed supply. fractionally divisible and long-term noninflationary. however, described below, only small portion the kin supply will become liquid the near future, most the kin supply reserved for the kin rewards engine. like other cryptocurrencies, units kin are fungible and transferable, and they will expected trade cryptocurrency exchanges. implementation: ethereum and erc kin will implemented the public ethereum blockchain erc token. the ethereum blockchain currently the industry standard for issuing custom digital assets and smart contracts. the erc token interface allows for the deployment standard token that compatible with the existing infrastructure the ethereum ecosystem, such development tools, wallets, and exchanges. ethereum's ability deploy turing-complete trustless smart contracts enables complex issuance rules for cryptocurrencies, digital financial contracts, and automated incentive structures. these advanced features and active ecosystem make ethereum natural fit for kin. erc the ethereum token standard: https://github.com/ethereum/eips/issues/ building digital economy inside kik about kik and currency kik one the world's most popular messaging platforms, ranked social networking with facebook messenger and whatsapp, and trending more popular than linkedin, according appannie. kik interactive, inc. was founded ted livingston, along with fellow university waterloo student chris best. today, kik interactive has over employees with offices waterloo, toronto, new york city, and tel aviv. kik uniquely positioned the marketplace chat platform that highly targeted the teen and young adult demographic. with more than million monthly active users, percent kik's active user base comprised the years old age bracket. about percent kik's users live the united states. kik enjoys high level engagement from its users. over quarter billion messages are sent kik every day. average, kik users spend minutes and send messages daily the platform. addition chat, kik maintains industry-leading bot platform: over bots have been created third-party developers. the size the user base, its demographics, and its community ethos make kik unique venue where cryptocurrency may introduced, adopted, and utilized large mainstream audience. prior experience with kik points suggests that kik users are amenable digital currency. //, app annie search results. kik internal data may the kik points experiment kik points was introduced experiment with transactional unit account within the kik application. the project was sunsetted the end prepare for more advanced solution that would extend beyond purely advertising-based use case. however, kik was able measure demand and gain valuable insights into user behavior with transactions messenger context. during year period from through kik users completed million offers and spent the points earned million purchases. earn redeem the kik points experiment was successful, with average volume transactions per day for its lifetime from through reaching million transactions per day the peak. average, the monthly number transactions was nearly three times that the bitcoin network. https://www.quandl.com/data/bchain/ntran-bitcoin-number-of-transactions. result the kik points experiment, kik learned there substantial audience inside the messenger application for economy built around chat. also became clear how successfully tailor such economy kik's user base. while today the typical cryptocurrency experience hardly accessible the average consumer, kik points showed that users did not need technologically savvy use digital currency. for kik, the kin project opportunity integrate chat with true digital commerce within existing user base. kin integration kik the kik points experiment has demonstrated that there demand for economy built around chat. over time, kik will work integrate kin into kik's chat ecosystem for the benefit users, platform developers, and partners. kik will employing the same iterative process research, experimentation, and fine-tuning that has made kik successful. kik's team has proven track record developing products for the mass market, and kik looks forward introducing cryptocurrency into the product process. the sections below describe some prospective use cases related storing, earning, and spending cryptocurrency that kik will explore and validate. earnable currency one the most compelling features kik points was that users were not required purchase them. instead, millions mainstreamers were able earn kik points simply performing valuable actions. kik expands its economy include cryptocurrency that holds real value both inside and outside the chat application, the economic possibilities for users are vastly enhanced. this makes possible transform attention, curation, and creation into real-world value simply having smartphone. kin wallet the primary feature required enable digital community use cryptocurrency wallet. first step, kik will integrate wallets for each kik user account. the associated user interface will allow for the most common wallet interactions. integrating the wallet support kik's millions active users, the kin wallet has the potential become the world's most adopted and utilized cryptocurrency wallet. facing the complexity raw cryptocurrency technology typically onerous for most consumers. issues transaction fees, private keys, and alphanumeric addresses create usability barriers for mainstream users, including the common requirement hold cryptocurrency the first place order obtain and utilize other tokens. kik will aim significantly reduce these onboarding frictions. the onboarding process for users will not require prior expertise with cryptocurrencies before interacting with kin. above example future kik user wallet. the wallet shows options such deposit, withdrawal, and transaction history, well recommendations based earlier purchases. ethereum settlement layer users wishing transfer kin into and out the kik application will able interacting with the public ethereum network, which will serve the currency's decentralized settlement layer. users interacting with kin inside kik will have more managed experience. this will allow the early version the system solve for blockchain scalability bottlenecks, feeless transactions, faster transaction times, and encapsulation complex features like private keys. (for more details, see section and the kin technical whitepaper.) over time, kin will grow with the development blockchain technology accommodate these features fully decentralized setting. kik economy and prospective use cases kik will introduce number marketplace use cases that will prompt consumers and brands transact with kin. through experimentation, kik plans iterate the product with applications that create unique two-sided marketplaces for users. the supply side, both bots content creators will create unique experiences. the demand side, users will consume these products services. the near future, kik's bots will have the ability structure their own business models. below are several possible use cases demonstrating how kin may integrated into the kik application. https://cointelegraph.com/news/major-challenges-to-blockchain-mainstream-adoption-industry-view. example use case: vip groups this example demonstrates how users can monetize their popularity within kik. today, kik allows any user access any public group focused topics their choice. the initiating user has the ability moderate the discussion and set forth rules that govern the group. vip groups possible feature that allows "influencer" users create premium, exclusive groups that require paid entrance fee. celebrities and thought leaders could use this feature platform for engaging their communities, while generating tangible value for their time and attention. this example vip group bidding screen. the screen shows user deciding how much she wants bid for chance join selena nobez private group, which limited people. example use case: premium user-generated content the kin economy can used incentivize content creation rewarding its creators. allowing anyone create content and earn kin, kik expects encourage more users participate and create content. this open market content will incentivize competition for higher-quality content and ultimately create better community. the "hidden" content feature shown here allows creator earn kin sharing audio, video, and pictures that are hidden until other users pay unlock them. this example, the creator charging kin for new piece media. group members can spend kin play the song. they forward others (even after paying), those users will need pay well. virally shared, such content makes possible for creators well-rewarded for their work. example use case: shoutout messages can users decide how much kin spend gain attention others, and how much they are willing earn give attention others? this model fundamentally different from the traditional model, where app owners manage who notified which action (using in-app push notifications) and detached from any value. this example, kin allows users promote messages and ping all group members instantly for payment. users who receive shoutout will earn kin the same time. this example user sending shoutout message the group. the user letting everyone know about new server created for the halo wars game. members the group will now see this message top the chat for seconds. example use case: tipping this example demonstrates creation and sharing content within the kik ecosystem. users are allowed reward others for content they like. this example, member just wrote funny joke. the correspondent likes this content and sends tip using one the tipping options. example use case: bot monetization bots can perform services, order food for delivery, operate games that offer in-game purchases such creative assets, gameplays, other media. this example illustrates how bot can used for pizza delivery. the bot and the user are chatting about what kind pizza the user wants. after the selection made, the pizza bot charges the user kin. example use case: brand missions kik will provide new way for brands directly engage with consumers. taking advantage cryptocurrency, brands will able reward users with small amounts kin for completing simple tasks. this can include answering questions survey, creating themed content, curating content. this example, the "sweet corner" brand suggesting users take selfie with their new ice cream flavor receive kin. the kin foundation overview the kin ecosystem envisioned community ecosystem partners digital services and applications that adopt the kin cryptocurrency. the kin foundation intended independent, nonprofit, and democratic governance body for the members this ecosystem. the principal functions the kin foundation will include the open governance its resources together with other ecosystem partners; the support and advancement the technology related kin's implementation; and all matters related ecosystem membership, including the kin rewards engine. the kin foundation's mandate grow open ecosystem digital services that consumers can easily explore and find value in, while giving developers open and sustainable platform develop, deliver, and enhance those services and attract users. time goes likely that the foundation will replaced other, more innovative governance methods such decentralized autonomous organization (dao). however, creating formal legal body important first step this process. fulfill its mission, the kin foundation will dedicate resources three specific goals related research, development, and governance described below. governance goals the kin foundation will dedicate resources establish fair and transparent governance process that will take into account the voices and needs all participants within the ecosystem. this open governance model will oversee decisions related the membership process, the kin rewards engine, participation rules, legal matters, and content and compliance guidelines. research goals resources will foster environment innovation working with partners test new ways participate the ecosystem and drive value creation and network effects. development goals the foundation will direct and fund the development tools that give ecosystem partners the ability build, grow, and create value for one another. part this process, kik will make its own codebase available open source project that can leveraged power new communities and add capabilities existing ones. the kin foundation will further this work engaging development teams continue improving the technology suite supporting the kin ecosystem, and will maintain open source codebase for the benefit ecosystem participants. for instance, the aragon project (http://aragon.one) presents smart contract framework for constructing and upgrading decentralized autonomous organizations (daos). mandate and long-term goals aid the kin foundation carrying out its mission, the majority the supply allocation kin will serve monetary reserve the limited discretion the foundation. the kin foundation responsible for guaranteeing the security the kin reserve well transparency its use funds. part its mandate the custodian the reserve, the kin foundation will administer the kin rewards engine. the goal the rewards engine create incentives for digital services and applications that create vibrant services within the kin ecosystem. will accomplish this periodically unlocking specific amount kin and distributing among ecosystem partners, favoring digital services which the kin cryptocurrency highly utilized. the long term, the kin foundation will fund research and development efforts support autonomous reward mechanism that secure against economic vulnerabilities and gaming, with all transactions accounted trustless way. the interim, the kin foundation will administer centralized ledger and execute its defined policies and protocols automated but trustful way, while working toward fully decentralized method. core technology summary the core technology initiatives the kin foundation will focus delivering transaction service that will enable centralized digital services utilize kin scale, implementation the kin rewards engine, and decentralized identity service for users kin. this suite tools will aim lower the barriers onboarding and integrating with the kin ecosystem for partners, users, and other third parties. technical considerations this section covers general technical considerations grounding the kin ecosystem the public ethereum network. platform limitations and off-chain solution the ethereum network currently operates proof-of-work blockchain and therefore limited throughput, though future versions ethereum will work toward enhanced throughput and scalability. the current average confirmation time, block time, approximately seconds. for technical reasons, the block time will marginally increase but will nevertheless smaller than seconds before august the number daily transactions the ethereum network has been growing. daily transactions increased from percent) from the starting the ending day the first quarter currently, the number daily transactions high this volume expected continue increasing new applications and users continue enter the ethereum ecosystem. the current throughput ethereum approximately transactions per second, approximately daily transactions. over time, the ethereum network can also adjust higher volume conditions for additional throughput. the kik points program saw nearly million total transactions. average, million users engaged the product earn kik points monthly basis. based kik's experience with kik points, the expected daily transaction rate could potentially surpass ethereum's throughput capability and presents risk congesting the network. there are two other issues that suggest that purely on-chain architecture may not optimal the outset. the first issue that ethereum transaction confirmation times result significantly delayed responsiveness than users typically expect from consumer applications. the second issue that the ethereum blockchain requires fees paid for every transaction. fees are paid ether cryptocurrency, creating adoption barrier for the average user. given these barriers, kik will initially implement semi-centralized hybrid on-chain and off-chain transaction service for scalable interactions with the kin cryptocurrency. the core, the transactions kin will settled the ethereum blockchain. however, the kin foundation will develop and host centralized off-chain ledger with api available all digital service partners. this will improve user experience due latency, avoid network fees when transacting between users, and avoid stress the public network due large transaction volumes. the average time confirm block blockchain. https://www.ethnews.com/vitalik-buterin-on-ether-price-affecting-the-metropolis-update. https://etherscan.io/chart/tx. https://ethereum.stackexchange.com/questions//how-many-transactions-can-the-networkhandle. on-chain and off-chain tradeoffs this hybrid solution creates semi-centralized system which end users will enjoy standard user experience insulated from some the complexity blockchain systems. however, this approach also has the drawbacks typical centralized system, such having rely trust between participants. the long term, the kin foundation will move migrate the transactional infrastructure fully decentralized system while retaining low friction user experience. enable highly scalable, low latency, and cost-effective decentralized systems and eliminate the need for semi-centralized approaches, significant advances will need made blockchain technology. progress already being made with projects such the ethereum foundation's ongoing casper research, the raiden network, tendermint/cosmos, and graphene the areas throughput scalability, sharding, efficient payment channels, and decentralized governance protocols. kik would welcome the opportunity work with the blockchain technology community accelerating the required advances and testing them production integrating them into kin's transaction services. technical whitepaper separate work, kik will publish the kin technical whitepaper order describe the technical architecture the managed solution for kin tokens. the kin rewards engine the kin foundation will oversee the reserve uncirculated kin with the mandate promoting adoption and growth the kin ecosystem. sixty percent the total supply kin will secured smart contract, allocated the kin rewards engine, and introduced into circulation periodic rewards. the rewards will distributed among ecosystem partners and the kin foundation. every year, percent the remaining rewards allocation will issued periodic incentive payments, diminishing over time the currency gains overall value. for partners, the rewards will constitute strong economic incentives for integration with the kin cryptocurrency. https://blog.ethereum.org////introducing-casper-friendly-ghost/. https://raiden.network. https://cosmos.network. https://docs.bitshares.eu/. market cap daily rewards payout ~$.m ~$k daily payout year the diagram above demonstrates the potential scale kin rewards engine daily payouts, varying levels kin market capitalization. the kin foundation will use percent the reward allocation (up percent the total supply kin) for operations and marketing. the kin available for marketing purposes will used strategically help ecosystem partners acquire users and bring partners the ecosystem. seeding millions users with nominal supply kin, users will learn how interact with the cryptocurrency. the longterm, the kin rewards engine will implemented the form autonomous and trustless system. identity service user identity becomes important issue decentralized ecosystem digital services. for instance, users should able transact without friction across multiple digital services. such participation requires users establish and communicate consistent identity across services, maintain single, robust wallet, and own ongoing reputation the digital environment. consistent and easy-touse identity service will maintained the kin foundation and will provide participants with the code and api necessary integrate it. third-party identity services, such blockstack's onename, uport, keybase, may also integrated part the identity solution. http://onename.com. http://uport.me. http://keybase.io. kin token issuance kin token allocations order finance the kin roadmap, kik will conduct token distribution event that will offer for sale one trillion units out trillion unit total supply kin. the proceeds the token distribution event will used fund kik operations and deploy the kin foundation. portion the funds raised the token distribution will used execute upon the roadmap additional feature development planned for the kin integration into kik. the conclusion the sale, the distributed kin will constitute the entirety the available liquid supply. another three trillion kin will preallocated kik the founding member the kin foundation and subject long-term vesting schedule. exchange, kik will provide startup resources, technology, and covenant integrate with the kin cryptocurrency and brand. the remaining six trillion kin will under the purview the kin foundation, locked under the kin rewards engine schema, and used strategically grow the kin ecosystem and fund the operations the foundation. the kin foundation's allocation will used for three purposes: administer the kin token supply and kin rewards engine, for marketing, and for operational costs. twenty percent the remaining reserve will unlocked and distributed every year the kin foundation perpetuity. kin rewards engine operations: the kin foundation will administer the rewards mechanism used incentivize participation the kin ecosystem, described previously. marketing: reserve supply used for generating starting balance for users conjunction with partnership integrations. operational costs: the kin foundation established ensure independent governance and growth the kin ecosystem. small portion kin rewards will allocated fund ongoing operational, legal, and development costs. supply schedule kik's percent pre-allocation will unlocked and distributed kik percent per quarter, for quarters. the kin rewards engine scheduled release percent the supply over time rate percent the remainder per annum and perpetuity. inflation schedule the rewards engine scheduled release percent the supply over time. new partners are rewarded proportionately more for early adoption. the following chart outlines the effective inflation schedule active supply over time (to isolate the impact the kin rewards engine the active supply, assumed kik's percent fully vested). time series time series token allocation circulation for the first three years. token distribution event the foundation will commence the token distribution event once kik has completed the technology upgrade integrate with kin, and the cryptocurrency can used functionally within kik. notified updates regarding the token distribution event, participants are invited provide their email addresses http://kin.kik.com. the pre-registration process may require proof identity and residence for larger purchases ensure regulatory compliance the time the token distribution event. further announcements regarding the timing and structure the sale will communicated through the portal. conclusion kik's vision since has been build the next great communications platform. the company's heritage has been built chat, but now hopes its legacy will catalyzing new, decentralized ecosystem digital services for daily life. with new cryptocurrency its center, this ecosystem will open and sustainable while putting users first. kik will pioneer new economic model for digital services that empowers consumers instead selling their attention and data advertisers. doing so, the company believes that the world will take great strides toward breaking the centralizing powers possessed the largest players the technology industry today. this new order, kik plans one many participants rather than landlord. with the aim fostering vibrant economy based around the kin cryptocurrency, the company will pledge all its resources make kin the primary transaction currency its chat app and promote services from the kin ecosystem its millions users. will establish the kin foundation manage and encourage growth the kin ecosystem, and will create the kin rewards engine incentivize developers and creators make new products and services. based the success kik points, kik has already identified number initial use cases for new economic experiences within chat environment. the kin cryptocurrency will built the ethereum blockchain, initially using hybrid on-chain and off-chain technology solution, with the goal eventually transitioning fully decentralized and autonomous system. this cryptocurrency will used compensate ecosystem partners based each service's contribution kin's overall growth. the kin foundation will allow the cryptocurrency become platform-agnostic, but kik will leverage its large existing user base drive mass adoption. result, kin can scale meet the interoperability demands modern applications and become the basis for new form monetization. through this vision, kin will bring fruition new era decentralized community ownership, enabling vibrant ecosystem digital services that power daily life. kin founding team kik executive team ted livingston founder and ceo, kik ted livingston the founder and ceo kik and leads the vision for kin. founded kik headquartered waterloo, ontario, and has raised million from investors including tencent and union square ventures. ted maintains active interest the university waterloo's velocity fund, startup accelerator conceived and first funded. was also named one fast company's most creative people business peter heinke cfo and coo, kik peter heinke the chief financial officer and chief operating officer kik. leading compliance for the token sale and development the corporate structure for kin and the kin foundation. before joining kik, peter spent more than years leading finance, operations, and strategy for both established and startup companies the media, technology and transportation sectors. peter lives ontario. eran ben-ari cpo, kik eran ben-ari the chief product officer kik and leading how kin will integrated into the kik community. prior joining kik, was the vice president products rounds, israeli-based communications company that joined with kik the beginning eran brings startup and academic research experience kik, where oversees product process, lifecycle, and strategy. eran the final stages completing his ph.d. from the hebrew university's school business administration. lives tel aviv. dany fishel president, kik israel dany fishel the president kik israel following the acquisition rounds, israeli-based communications company cofounded and ran ceo. oversees the technical and product teams responsible for kin and the kin foundation. prior rounds, dany was the cofounder kwakwa, strategic web consulting firm. dany also managed the contextual and behavioral advertising for holdings, generating tens millions dollars yearly revenue one the world's most popular online gaming entertainment companies. dany decorated army sergeant, having commanded elite paratroopers' unit the israel defense forces. lives tel aviv. erin clift cmo, kik erin clift the chief marketing officer kik and leads the teams responsible for connecting kin and the kin foundation partners, stakeholders, and consumers. prior joining kik, erin was vice president, global marketing and partnerships spotify, responsible for consumer and business marketing, brand partnerships, and industry programs. before joining spotify, erin spent years leadership positions driving marketing and revenue strategy companies including google, aol and oprah.com. erin lives new york city. dave simons svp engineering, kik dave simons the senior vice president engineering kik and leading the teams responsible for the technical architecture for the project. joined the team september bringing with him over years engineering and business experience from variety companies, including points international, neoedge networks, and aol time warner. eileen lyon general counsel and chief compliance officer, kik eileen kik's general counsel and chief compliance officer. prior joining kik, eileen served the executive vice president, general counsel citizens business bank. she was also partner the law practice kin, holmes, paterno and soriano llp. eileen holds years experience attorney, representing banks and other financial institutions. kin core team lead advisors coinfund cointree jake brukhman co-founder and managing partner uriel peled co-founder and ceo aleksandr bulkin co-founder and managing partner daniel peled co-founder and cro alexander felix partner amir chetrit ethereum founder oleg golubov partner