kolionovo ecosystem project crowdfunding offer for development farmer cooperation, local ecotourism and agribusiness abstract kolionovo ecosystem project offers all interested parties crowdfund and participate the formation decentralized, financially sustainable, socio-economic and industrial development the farmer cooperation crowdfunding basis. non-fiat funds attracted crowdfunding will spent for the development local ecotourism and agribusiness set farmer mikhail shlyapnikov; they are key "financial leverage" and driver kolionovo dynamic development. mikhail shlyapnikov the main ideologist and initiator this project. production organic products natural (rural) economy and provision services environmentally pristine vacation the territory kolionovo are the two key areas activity included the loyalty program. the crowdfunding campaign will carried out through purchasing discount tokens kolions (kln). emission tokens will carried out the waves blockchain platform []. the unique nature the loyalty program, which applies all participants the kolionovo ecosystem crowdfunding campaign, lies obtaining regular privileges and product tokens, well setting special prices for the products and services enterprises the ecosystem. definitions kolionovo village located the rural settlement yurtsovskoe the egoryevsky district, moscow region (russia) []. map reference: deg'."n deg'."e []. initial coin offerings (abbr. ico) way secure non-fiat capital through the project crowdfunding (including using discount tokens). the abbreviation ico will used herein. kolion, discount token (kln), token representing digital cryptoasset and certifying the right participate the kolionovo ecosystem project. the token emitted the waves blockchain platform []. product token token certifying the right get discount goods and services enterprises the kolionovo ecosystem. the token emitted the waves blockchain platform []. note: these tokens are accounted segregated the waves wallet. loyalty program means special conditions purchase goods and services the enterprises that enter the kolionovo ecosystem that cover all participants (investors). the loyalty program described annex participant the kolionovo ecosystem, holder (of discount tokens), participant, any individual who holds basic tokens kolions (kln) the current date (date acquisition goods and services, date accrual remuneration, etc.) his her waves wallet. kolionovo ecosystem set crypto-commodity relations established between the participants and enterprises, well between various enterprises whose representative offices are located the territory the kolionovo village (egoryevsky district the moscow region, russia) and interacting the principles crypto-commodity relations. introduction the project focused securing non-fiat funds (cryptocurrency) for the development range physical products and the provision services the territory the village kolionovo the moscow region the segment ecotourism and agribusiness. investment the project should not considered high-yielding tool for speculative transactions, but rather tool crowdfunding and attracting additional non-fiat funds the development the kolionovo ecosystem. farmer mikhail shlyapnikov the chief initiator, inspirer and founder the project []. has prepared manifesto part the ico. the kolionovo ecosystem should understood this project system local production and local consumption []. ecosystem new breed with decentralized but direct participation any person. new type crypto-commodity relations being established around and inside it. these relations are characterized freedom, trust, mutual aid, selforganization and self-sufficiency. the form the organization structure the enterprises the ecosystem private and cooperative; based the principles openness and transparency. each the ecosystem participants endowed with privileges acquisition products and getting services from the enterprises the kolionovo ecosystem. terms the ico anyone can become investor the development the kolionovo ecosystem during the ico. during the ico, the maximum emission amount will equal (one) million discount tokens kolions (kln). price (one) kolion will equivalent (one) dollar (usd). the ico will launch april the time frame the ico (thirty) days. the first goal funds secured during the ico amount equivalent (five hundred thousand) kln. this amount the best and was defined the basis organic increase production (in the future period) triggered investment and natural growth the number new participants the ecosystem. kolions will sold for various cryptocurrencies (btc, ltc, eth, etc, waves, emc, etc.). soon the total amount funds secured from investors fixed, basic tokens klns will generated and emitted the waves blockchain platform. each investor (token holder) automatically becomes participant the kolionovo ecosystem's loyalty program (annex the discount token kln will used means identification and determination the participant's status (depending the size investment/wallet balance). remuneration will awarded monthly, based the balance the account the token kln the waves wallet. the date accrual the day each month. the remuneration awarded provided the ownership the discount token the day the month. the form remuneration commodity, i.e. payment will made product tokens. each product token can used "discount" when buying goods and services the enterprises the kolionovo ecosystem. the discount size can reach the price goods and services (see annex the aggregate amount the annual remuneration (in the form product tokens) for all holders discount tokens klns over the fiscal year will amount not less than (ten percent) the account balance the wallet. the fiscal year will period from april the current year april next year. the amount provided product tokens, definition the participant's status and size discount products and services are defined the rules the loyalty program for the kolionovo ecosystem participants (see annex discount tokens kolions and product tokens will also placed cryptocurrency exchanges for free floating. thus, there will option additional acquisition, sale and exchange these tokens the secondary market. intended use the funds secured crowdfunding are expected spend on: increasing the volumes production and range goods and services (%); repair and recovery works related real estate (%); the popularization ecotourism services and arrangement public events (%); the supervision the project, including insurance (%). more details, the enterprises the ecosystem are engaged economic activities the fields crop farming (plant nurseries, cereals and fodder crops, rolled lawn grass, etc.); production meat and dairy products and their processing (poultry meat and eggs, fish, vegetables, fruit, berries and mushroom products); processing, storage, sale; boiler equipment manufacturing, metal processing, servicing, etc. assets enterprises the kolionovo ecosystem include: agricultural land more than ha, well pond fish establishments. buildings, structures, auxiliary premises, hangars, warehouses, facilities for living creatures, with the total area over sq.m.; more than pieces agricultural and automotive equipment; materials, equipment, production lines, machine tools, etc. today, the total amount liquid assets the kolionovo ecosystem mln rubles, including stocks (plants the nursery), equipment, machinery, building materials and finished products. such, the implementation this project fully secured with existing proprietary resources. basic risks this project include natural disasters and regulatory risks associated with regulation the crowdfunding market russia. however, existing knowledge and experience the project developers allow correctly outline the possible, most correct and permissible steps implement the project, i.e. conduct all operations accordance with the current legislation. the main advantage the project experience real operation enterprises the kolionovo ecosystem, which have positive, more than decade-long record stable agricultural and economic activities and dynamic performance proprietary agribusiness. annex rules the loyalty program for kolionovo ecosystem participant these rules provide definition participant's status and establish the number provided product tokens and the size discount products (goods and services). availability discount tokens kolions (kln) the wallet account the date application for product and service condition for participation the loyalty program. depending the state the wallet account, the participant has the right get discount all goods and services the kolionovo ecosystem presentation the wallet (discount token) balance the mobile app accordance with table table size discount for participants the kolionovo ecosystem tokens the wallet (state the wallet account) kln kln kln size discount each participant awarded product tokens regularly (monthly). size these awards for the full fiscal year approximately not less than (ten percent) per annum the wallet balance the discount token. note: product tokens are awarded the day each month the state the wallet account the day that month. product token allows purchase goods services special price defined the price list the purchase date, with discount from the market price categories goods and services listed table table list types product tokens name product service food (farm) basket package certain products according the price list the purchase date service arranging personal events accommodation the territory kolionovo "village sauna" service service arranging fishing trip with fish soup cooked the fire "ecotour weekend" service service arranging two-day workshops service arranging the corporate event these rules come into force march sources: kolionovo: https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/%d%a%d%be%d%bb%d%b%d%be%d%bd%d %be%d%b%d%be waves platform: https://wavesplatform.com/ location: https://www.google.com/maps/place/%c%b'.%n+%c%b'.%e/@. ,.,m/data=!m!e!m!m!sx:x!m!d.!d. ?hl=ru mikhail shlyapnikov's live journal: michael-.livejournal.com http://michael-.livejournal.com/.html http://forklog.com/v-kolionovo-zapuskayut-novyj-kriptoproekt-dlya-investirovaniya-ipokupki-tovarov-i-uslug/ saito, k., el. local production, local consumption peer-to-peer architecture for dependable and sustainable social infrastructure. http://library.uniteddiversity.coop/money_and_economics/local_production_local_consumpti on.pdf *****