don't trade your life away zero dev skill automated strategies building platform crypto traders community user generated trading tools marketplace automated crypto trading strategies made simple mission executive summary token sale overview introduction solution kryll platform kryll companion app exchange support architecture, hosting, performance security kryll community commitment smart token economy strategy cost cost governance community provided strategies business plan token sale details why token sale token sale information token allocation found usage exchange listing cryptense team core team advisors human resources, consulting roadmap milestones legal mission executive summary since bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies enjoyed phenomenal growth terms public interest and valuation. holding investors, professional traders and hobbyists all benefited their own ways from the amazing opportunities granted this brave new world. nevertheless the trading game requires time, technical knowledge, analytical skills, discipline and proficiency using professional tools order achieve true success. crypto traders without all this missed opportunities lost chunk their assets the last few years. now that the kryll.io platform enters the game, this changing. kryll.io the ultimate platform for cryptocurrency traders who are looking use the most advanced trading tools and strategies, well the combined intelligence the community order achieve the best returns cryptocurrency markets. the platform provides intuitive ways create your own trading strategies and set them execute automatically. through what you see what you trade interface you can design trading strategies making use the industry's most powerful tools and safely test them with backtesting and sandboxing. once your tools prove their worth you can set them live-trade your behalf, taking the right positions the right time, you're following the markets kryll.io you can also rent-out your very own winning strategies that'll help fellow traders reach the success you did. you will rewarded with passive income for doing so. the core kryll team composed veteran developers and internet professionals who've all been trading cryptocurrencies hobbyists for years. with their background and close circle advisors ranging from economists, business developers, artificial intelligence and semantics analysis experts, they've decided build the right platform for crypto traders. they provide fellow traders with the tools, community and environment they know everyone longing for. token sale overview start date end date token name token sale hard cap (excl. bonuses) february noon utc april noon utc krl krl about usd price krl token usd minimum contribution krl max supply further token issuance accepted currencies krl tokens issued after the sale, unsold tokens will not generated btc bch eth ltc zec dash introduction cryptocurrency trading has been continuously rising market since the first bitcoin transaction around early the next step spawned the birth new cryptocurrencies and exchanges where people could trade different currencies. today there active community millions traders exchanging coins volumes corresponding billion usd every single day. there are dozens exchanges where people buy sell bitcoins called altcoins, trying make profit from the current market trend, trading channels signals, news feeds even pure luck and intuition. there are communities hobbyist traders talking channels like telegram, slack discord internet forums, who collaborate the hopes forging path through the vast universe crypto trades. we've been part this community for quite while, and want offer tool allowing join forces and all profit from. historically, the hive mind has always won out. crypto trading facts hedge funds, professional traders and hobbyists share the same exchange platforms, and environment but are not quite equal when comes resources, manpower, knowledge and tools. indeed, efficient trading requires resources like computational power run intensive data models and crunch historical data trends crucial for assessing strategies risk-free. high-speed connections are needed reach exchanges around the world. aside from computational resources, trading takes lot time, especially for one-person team. preparing the right strategy, having analyze relevant data and get ready execute timely manner within moving markets requires special abilities. this hard enough leaving aside the discipline steel and cool head needed take the right decision the right time. trading also very technical domain where your area expertise needs span from ability perform technical analyses machine learning and semantics analyses. solution kryll platform the kryll.io platform aims fill the gaps get everyone efficient trading tools. introducing wysiwyt (what you see what you trade) technology, the kryll team will provide simple yet powerful strategy defining interface based blocks and flow. flow visually describes the confluence signals, operators and relevant data determining particular strategy. there are main families blocks that can used build strategy market trends. they span from the usual trend analysis (volume modification, price fluctuation, technical data analysis studies (channels identification, patterns detection, resistance rejection, demand zone detection) and modelling (machine learning based market prediction) units. trading actions. like buy, sell, split amount into subsets, hold amount (like profits), loop, stop... signals. coming from professional traders, qualified telegram channels social network semantic analyses. operators. they're meant organize data feeds and signal interactions (eg: the market and "btc" receiving positive feedback twitter ...) notifications. keep you informed strategy's status (this could figure block categories text message, email smart notification) once strategy has been finalized it's time put work. before sending the big boy arena you'll able test over the months recorded data assuming does not depend external non-reproducible input using pairs and second frequency that will available for backtesting. another testing modality will available with our sandboxing option where the strategy tested were actually running the market, but not accounting for the impact may have the market's actual. figure full flow block toolbox when you are confident enough with strategy's efficiency you can put work live-trading and inject small amount kryll (krl) grease the wheels. depending your design and preference, strategy may run once your input, for example buying coin market price and optimizing its holding via steps take-profit and stop-loss operation. another might well just listen twitter sentiment about your favorite currency compare with market data before notifying you (probable) dip. yet another one (many can run concurrently) may automatically stay awake, listening market ready buy coin the second dips, whenever may happen sell for profit and start all over, send you alert when the mood bad social networs and marker starts dropping. figure "eth fud alert" figure "n-step stop-loss take-profit strategy" kryll companion app once you connect your mobile companion app the platform, you will able access your dashboard, get push notifications regarding your strategy runs well stay connected much lower-key manner with your crypto trading status. it'll pretty good feeling get notified about position that's been taken automagically and then sold, instead alarming signal pushing you quickly catch the opportunity your favorite exchange website. moreover the mobile application will introduce further interactions with the strategies you designed selected, thus giving you complete control over your trades right the palm your hand exchange support the kryll.io platform will interconnected via api all exchanges that provide one, enabling you trade your favorite coin your choice your favorite exchange right from the platform. this massive support will also allow you use single platform manage your entire portfolio's strategy. the first set supported exchanges includes the following platforms: bittrex, poloniex, kucoin coinbase/gdax, cryptopia, yobit.net, binance, hitbtc, bitstamp, liqui. architecture, hosting, performance security figure full flow block toolbox crypto currencies are traded kryll.io supports exchanges all around the world and committed making its platform available, efficient and secure. the architecture kryll. encompasses several dedicated servers europe, asia and north america, enabling the execution strategies the most efficient way according the exchange which they are taking place. the infrastructure designed that will scale automatically, providing maximal performance and up-time for all connected users and strategies being run whatever the circumstance. our user data the highest value and why take security very seriously. addition our servers being under permanent ddos protection, also plan have external security audit every quarter, thereby insuring things are safe and stay that way. the platform will apply the strategies you have designed via the apis provided the supported exchanges. whenever the exchanges allow it, will make sure that the api key does not allow any withdrawal funds, thus ensuring your currencies remain safely your possession. kryll community commitment kryll.io isn't just great platform where you can easily build, test and automatically run your strategies. think collective intelligence huge asset that'll make all more successful the trading market. therefore the platform will offer marketplace section where anyone can share strategy build-up (as blackbox) for others enjoy exchange krl fee chosen the creator and free charge from the platform. people with excellent insights, with more time available well-honed intuition can help their fellow traders climb the success ladder. the marketplace will also feature chat section related every strategy for people interact in, advise, receive advice from the startegy's creator other skilled users. strategies featured the marketplace will awarded rating according their users' ratings and internal measures efficiency performed the platform. because we've always placed users the center great products, you will part kryll.io's life and evolution competitions will organized where people will have achieve the best performing strategy given time and block limits for given set (past) data. winners will rewarded with krylls for their talent. when will have released our block construction kit, hackathons will organized for developers congregate and build future winning blocks we'll integrate the platform(after thorough testing and benchmarking) our past gaming experience taught make easy and transparent share results, achievement social media once the first set blocks have mind will have been released, have lot more ideas the pipeline, and we'd love our community vote for the next ones come smart token economy strategy cost the kryll.io platform economy relies its utility tokens (krl) that can spent when using strategy live trading. just like each smart-contract execution costs the ethereum blockchain depends the complexity the code, each live trading strategies execution the kryll.io will cost some energy (krl fractions) depending the complexity the task performed. strategy creation, backtests and sandbox testing will free for all users. apart from fractions krl spent the platform fuel live trading strategies, further expense will charged the platform: subscription plan, hidden fees, commissions trade, strategy rent fees... cost governance since the token value (as compared usd) will vary over time, autonomous decentralised smart-contract will re-assess every hours the energy needed run the blocks order keep fair level for everyone, whatever the value the token takes over time. community provided strategies when using strategy provided creator, energy will sent the platform fuel it, well excess krylls set the creator reward for the work, kryll.io will never take fee strategy sharing renting. business plan the token sale will fund the development the platform well provide marketing power get onboard new users. after that step, users using live trading will pay fee that'll recouped over time cover the exploitation, maintenance and extension kryll.io. our past entrepreneurial endeavors tell that years business plans are unreliable given the reality highly variable environments, which all the more true the cryptocurrency world. nevertheless, we've projected one anyways using bittrex example and based rough estimate, there are monthly users the platform spending the equivalent usd per month krl krl) average, the operating cost the platform will covered. given this, will able invest third the revenue into r&d projects addition keeping innovating the platform. token sale details why token sale initial token sale initial coin offering (ico) the event for cryptocurrency project such kryll.io sell its cryptocurrency tokens (krl) early adopters and enthusiasts exchange for funding. this opportunity for kryll.io fund the future development the platform and for the purchasers tokens participate the early stage the project. from the kryll.io platform's point view, also unique opportunity inform future users (whether they actually participate the sale not) about features they'll able enjoy the platform. moreover, users who'll have taken part the initial token sale will benefit from early glimpse the platform when the "funders" version released. token sale information start date end date token name token sale hard cap (excl. bonuses) february noon utc april noon utc krl krl about usd price krl token usd minimum contribution krl max supply further token issuance accepted currencies krl tokens issued after the sale, unsold tokens will not generated btc bch eth ltc zec dash users registered and having participated the token sale will invited the alpha (dubbed "funders edition") version the platform. bonus plan feb feb feb feb feb feb feb feb feb mar mar apr bonus bonus bonus bonus bonus bonus extra "kryllangelist" bonus will available using personal referral link provided each registered user. token allocation funds usage platform development marketing expenses, user acquisition exchange partnerships operational costs, office, hosting security reserve legal expenses exchange listing after the token sale, the team will work with the following exchanges order have the token listed, that every trader that hasn't bought tokens through the initial token sale will still buy some and hence use the platform live trading cryptopia, kucoin, hitbtc, bittrex cryptense the kryll project held cryptense s.a.s, company registered france. cryptense s.a.s blockchain company based the european technology park sophia antipolis the south france. funded crypto-enthusiasts, cryptense embraces the opportunities and challenges offered the blockchain revolution. the company has activities around three main pillars: cryptocurrency mining optimisation, blockchain contribution expertise consulting, and development automated crypto trading tools. december cryptense has raised euros from private investors order strengthen its foundations before the kryll token sale. those funds will used mainly finance early developments the kryll platform and the sale marketing program. team core team luca benevolo ceo founder architect working for more than years the industry r&d expert and entrepreneur, luca crypto enthusiast, blockchain contributor and has traded cryptocurrencies for several years. after co-founding the game studio moving player years ago, co-founded cryptense fulfill his crypto-passions. jeremy blot community manager jeremy webmaster and freelance digital marketing specialist operating the web sphere since active crypto trader, always keen discuss new opportunities with his network expert enthusiasts twitter, telegram discord chans. paul collorafi cmo strategist paul seasoned owner high-frequentation websites and seo consultant. he's been entrepreneur since crypto trader and investor since the early days, ultimately finding the right place for his views and solutions his frustrations within the kryll.io platform. philippe longere cto founder after academic background france and california, philippe fell into entrepreneurship into entrepreneurship years ago, co-founding moving player and cryptense with luca. crypto trader since has developed several trading bots for himself and his friends, but knew their reach would much broader and impactful given the right platform. fabien mabon backend expert the internet industry since the fabien has developed, deployed and maintained backends for high-volume streaming sites and several startups. entered the crypto trading world force alongside the birth ethereum, and never looked back ever since. lisa pons marketing officer after finishing her business degree, lisa went into sales marketing for mainstream products,in addition pursuing her volunteering mission like the organization and overseeing hackathons the nice (french riviera) area. francis prat artistic director francis has created unique visual profiles for small medium sized companies from europe south america. responsible for the unique look and feel the kryll platform. jay salvat frontend expert jay has worked providing the best ui/ux experience the web for the last years. from global companies startups, they've all praised his talent, and his open-source contributions. will put his skills into making kryll the simplest yet most powerful trading platform there is. advisors thomas herlin business development accelerator eit digital thomas has been entrepreneurship since the having founded, advised, and/or developed several startups from the ground all the way their acquisition. now eit digital he's accelerating startup growth continental level. will sharing his knowledge business development and his network with kryll.io make success. nicolas ivaldi lawyer with founder ventury avocats nicolas has helped with the creation dozens startups, their funding their acquisition. nicolas being involved cryptense's early fund-raising and will continue lead the legal aspects the platform's development and business. clement laforet scalability expert freebsd contributor senior system administrator, free bsd guru and advocate, clement charge high availability infrastructures dealing with terabytes data everyday. will help design kryll.io infrastructure and provide platform that always and running. millie taing founder lili.ai millie decided merge her knowledge finance and project management and machine learning into award winning business she founded months ago lili.ai. she will our eyes, ears and voice reason when comes artificial intelligence development applied cryptocurrencies sylvain theveniaud managing director allianz accelerator sylvain has been involved business development and innovation growth for the last years. fulfilled this experience becoming the director the allianz accelerator where has been involved the growth fintech and insurtech's companies such qualisteo and finsquare, and even ledger crypto trade's favorite). his experience and network will precious for kryll.io's growth. raphael troncy head the multimedia semantics group eurecom raphael has been working the field semantics analysis for almost years, and leader eurecom's internationally renowned research sentiment analysis. will the link between kryll's r&d activities semantics analysis and the academic world. jerome chifflet innovation manager with orange labs research jerome involved research and innovation orange and has been working developing partnerships and co-business with smaller companies. his clear view ecosystems small and large enterprises will help scale kryll.io's strategic positioning. patrick musso professor economics former director the gredeg (economics research unit the cnrs), patrick shares his knowledge economic sciences with his graduate students and participates top-end research studies within the field. our direct connection with scholarly research economics, providing the most relevant and innovative technical analysis for kryll.io. pui-ching chau asian market consultant always the forefront technological innovation, inspired finding new ways combine technologies and innovation, pui-ching has put his creative thinking the service many sectors such banking and insurance. human resources, consulting apart from the core team which will take part the development kryll product, plan get least four more people board well collaborations with experts (most whom are already advisors). this will mainly the domains security, because that has one the main concerns for any online service deep learning build the best models semantic analysis able extract trends (sentiment analysis) from social media feeds trading enhance technical analysis blocks provided through the platforms pro-traders provide the best signals roadmap february march early adopters token sale with bonus march april token sale without bonus early prototype demonstration may krl token emission ethereum blockchain summer kryll.io funder edition closed alpha version for token sale investors november kryll.io companion app alerts, launchers, metrics, orders... december kryll.io open beta version early kryll.io release summer kryll.io enhanced edition advanced technical analysis, machine learning early kryll.io open sdk worldwide hackathons milestones the token sale will fund the development and maintenance the kryll platform, with several other milestones that will depend the final funding amount machine learning applied market analysis advanced technical analysis tools (browser extension, extended mobile companion app, wallet, ...) social plugins (next block voting system, social sharing, embedded statistics, iframes...) block construction kit hackathons white label exchange extension legal participating ico high-risk activity. this ico particular only aimed experienced professionals who are used blockchain technology and cryptocurrency trading. participating this ico, the purchaser aware and accepts the risks related security, the potential lack technical and economic results and the total partial loss its capital. finally, the purchaser declares being aware the legal uncertainty this type transaction and have conducted his own legal guidance according the applicable law which subscribes. table available the appendix containing the warnings from the main regulators around the world. rights and liabilities any buyer purchasing krl token acknowledges the technological and economical uncertainty the project presented this white paper. any experimental project, kryll.io may never produce result could abandoned. therefore, purchasers are aware the absence any legal action against the company case failure, nonperformance non implementation the project, well the case the krl token losing part even the totality its value. purchase the krl token confers the ability use the coming kryll.io platform services. other rights are transferred upon the ico. precisely, the company's only obligation distribute the krl token under the conditions defined the white paper. during the ico, the company may not held liable for any the following use the service that are not compliant with the applicable terms; error, malfunction, malicious action violation white paper's terms the user, third party service controlled third party; all direct indirect damage that may occur during the operation: cryptocurrency losses, profits financial losses other damages whatsoever the type; the loss control, any reason (loss, hacking, unwanted disclosure technical failure), the users' login credentials which would lead fraudulent use the tokens; the temporary permanent suspension the service, whatever the cause, and especially due request from the public authorities, judicial authority any third party; computer failure resulting loss data, including content case impact for the professional activity users; lack compatibility between the service specificity and the customers requirements; generally, all damage whose cause does not depend the company: internet network outage, failure specific the user's equipment, etc. warning about the token according the french and european regulation, the krl token cryptographic token usable the ethereum blockchain and allowing, the long term, access the functionalities the kryll.io platform. the krl token not security financial instrument within the meaning the markets financial instruments directive (mifid ii) the european parliament (// eu) within the meaning the article and followings the french monetary and financial code. indeed, the token grants financial (income, capital dividend) voting rights the company. the token crypto-asset issued kryll.io through the ico and used the members the kryll.io platform and community. sales restrictions the participation the ico strictly reserved for natural legal persons acting within the scope their professional activities. especially, the professional purchaser claims have good knowledge blockchain technologies and cryptocurrency. any natural person acting non-professional basis simple consumer within the meaning directive //eu relating consumer rights excluded from the ico. the responsibility each purchaser determine its non-professional status and, doing so, refrain from participating any way the ico. due national legislation, participants from the following countries are not allowed participate the ico, except for accredited investors: "us person", canada, south korea and china. this prohibition applies all types people (moral, physical, agent, etc.) and any indirect participation (via proxy, name loan, etc.). participating the ico, the purchaser agree the legal disclaimer and, especially, that respects the above provisions. warning about the ico inherent risks icos are high-risk operations because their completely experimental nature. participating this operation, participants declare understand and assume the following risks: the lack regulation the purchaser agrees not benefit from any guarantees associated with ipos regulated financial markets other regulated financial investments; capital loss the purchaser accepts the risk total partial capital loss cryptocurrency token; volatility market risk the value tokens, just like that cryptocurrencies general, can extremely volatile and subject significant, and largely unforeseeable fluctuations. moreover, the market markets which these tokens are traded not offer the same guarantees that are generally applicable conventional financial markets. also quite possible that resale market develops for the tokens, meaning that the purchaser may either unable sell them have sell them unsatisfactory terms. very early stage project ico aim finance innovative project based new technology and whose future evolutions are unpredictable. therefore, the buyer accepts the risk non-fulfillment the project for technical, economic legal reasons. ethereum protocol the token developed the ethereum protocol which still experimental stage. therefore, the buyer understands and accepts the risk that evolution the protocol renders the token service unusable. security risk the buyer understands and accepts the risk losing his total investment due security breach. the company makes every effort ensure the ico safety, the experimental nature the operation does not exclude the realization financial damages. recommended that the buyer take all measures ensure the safety his tokens and cryptocurrencies. legal risk the ico have been structured comply with the current regulations and good practices applicable. nevertheless, the governing law ico under construction around the world. the company can not held liable cases where restrictive regulations, injunctions regulators, investigation laws having impact, particular, the issue, management possession token were adopted. addition, the rules applicable cryptocurrencies tokens are different each country. this why buyers are strongly advised legal and tax analysis prior their participation the ico. risk theft and piracy the company can not held responsible for acts hacking (infiltration, defacement ddos) computer theft that would affect the funds, the distribution tokens the smooth roll the ico. risk error weakness the company can not held responsible for discovering weakness the cryptographic processes implemented the context the ico. similarly, the buyer declares accept and understand the risk error the code the smart-contract, the trust account (multisig wallet) the software used for the ico. know your customer (kyc) and anti-money laundering procedure part the know your customer procedure (kyc), anyone who would like purchase krl tokens will have provide the company the following details via the dedicated ico website the declaration first and last name date and location birth current address citizenship copy passport card. according the good practices that the company applies, process against money laundering implemented the ico. the company reserves the right not transfer token people whose origin funds have not been verified will negative. this case, the person will refunded his funds cryptocurrency. the aml process consists check the global lists politically exposed persons well the assetsfreeze list. the company reserves the right, caseby-case basis, request additional documents justify the buyer's income origin, otherwise not continue the business relationship. applicable law and jurisdiction this white paper and any contractual relationship arising relation with the ico are governed exclusively french law. the parties agree seek amicable settlement prior bringing any legal action. failing this, any dispute, any nature whatsoever regarding the commercial operation, will brought expressly before the court with jurisdiction over kryll. registered headquarter. legal appendice recent regulatory actions country legal framework effective date china warning from people's bank china (pbc) november th, south korea warning from the financial securities commission (fsc) september th, russia sets cap the amount raised ico august th, abu dhabi germany australia regulation initial coin/token offerings and virtual currencies under the financial services and markets regulations (fsra) warning from the federal financial supervisory authority (bafin) warning from the australian securities investments commission (asic) august th, november th, october th, canada warning from the canadian securities administrators (csa) september th, usa warning from the securities and exchange commission (sec) august th, european union warning from the european supervisory market authority (esma) october th, france discussion paper from the financial market authority (fma) september th, hong-kong warning from the securities and futures commission (sfc) november th, israel warning from the israel securities authority (isa) september japan warning from financial services agency (fsa) october th, warning from the financial conduct authority (fca) september th, switzerland warning from the financial market supervisory authority (finma) september