kubera: innovative gaming platform powered ethereum blockchain kubera team september, note: this only draft. please ttps://kuberacoin.com for the latest version. intro kubera innovative platform for playing online games with crypto currency. use the ethereum blockchain provide cryptographically secure payment system and provably fair gambling with smart contracts for games the future phases the project. eliminate player deposit risk kubera will enable players have full custody over their funds using ethereum smart contracts escrow tournament buy-ins and autonomously distribute payouts based game outcome. trust and gameplay fairness using peer-to-peer and cryptographic protocols applying smart contracts latter phases, all gameplay outcomes reach consensus the end each game using byzantine fault tolerant consensus mechanism. reducing player costs our innovative architecture, powered the blockchain network ethereum, allows kubera considerately eliminate expenses for payment. aim pass these operational savings back our players encourage player retention, creating more balanced game ecosystem. building decentralized gaming network kubera's goal build out core underlying decentralized online game network that developers and third-party operators can plug-into and build upon. hope that new functionalities are built top the platform. short-term objective the success new online game platform largely dependent network effects maximizing liquidity pools. our short term goal innovative gaming platform with breakthrough payment system powered blockchain technology. well becoming the first decentralized online game platform market and leverage this first-mover advantage establishing kubera legitimate market contender. long term objective for the long term goal, want lay good foundation for the built-in currency, kubera tokens (to explained more specifically later this paper). plan reach out other fields order create ecosystem which our token the primary currency. owing kubera tokens, people will have access not just the gaming platform compete with each other and win tokens but also able use those tokens for wide range services including online shopping trading various exchanges. believe with this strategy will the right move rocket the price the kubera token and will bring substantial benefits for investors and token holders. ii. team core team nakamoto masakazu, ceo over the past years, mr. nakamoto has been active creating venture company planning for many companies japan and also throughout asia. the moment, engaged numerous consulting services for securities and gaming companies. with years researching blockchain technology, convinced that the kubera project the future platform online game development including casino development management. currently his company has about users throughout asia who are are consistently gaming. the kubera project hopes develop new innovative environments for these users and create even larger markets. nakamoto kengo, cmo mr. nakamoto established insurance company and made his full entry into the field encryption currency starting from also gained experience with blockchain okinawa and developed platform for dag technicians. currently, mr. nakamoto teaches introductory courses blockchain and dag high school students well some junior high and college level courses okinawa. also expanding his business offering consulting services blockchain all over asian, especially japan, with the annual revenue approximately million yen from more than individual investors. yonashiro yuu, director since mrs. yonashiro has started four businesses including real estate holding, car and motorcycle rental, nursing care facilities and remodeling. she has also been running about ten new businesses and helping two startups launch and scale up. after seeing the potential cryptocurrencies and blockchain, she willing combine those technologies with existing business and undergoing business development. kubera coins function blockchain, she hopes that its characteristics transparency and trust can used currency shine light the japanese gambling industry. advisors during the planning phase and implementation phase the project, have received invaluable advices from: danny kim expert the field computing, sharpen the project strategy; daniel jeppsson technical lead (virtual reality) department google with office based california, implement both traditional and games included for kubera project; anders jeppsson digital innovator and creative strategist, help the team improve the ui/ux the games, build business development and manage the marketing plan the project. kazufumi miyaki experienced gaming consultant, who has worked planning and developing leading sns company and also been charge consulting multiple game deals including large titles, advising how make games the kubera system fancy and attractive wide range users. iii. the market turnover the international gaming industry reached with projected turnover online gaming platforms belong leading networks. another are subsidiaries popular offline e-game platforms, and private individuals own the remaining most cases, online games cause distrust the part the players. however, until the development platforms like ethereum, which enable automated trust, there hasn't been viable solution. common issues the online gambling industry the vast amount issues that currently impact all aspects the gaming industry originate from trust. from provability and user balance account management security and transparency. common problems experienced the players after transferring money game account, not credited stolen after withdrawing money from deposit, not credited the wallet the player has not received the promised bonuses the player not able log into his gaming account hidden fees: games charge fee for the gain withdrawal the player can only withdraw funds certain day some the existing issues the market online gambling risk fraud behalf online games inability check the result the draw high and hidden fees high entry level for the game developers high costs running online gaming operations overheads such integrating payment systems user account balance management global gaming market the global gaming market experiencing explosive growth, reaching us$.bn and projected us$.bn with the growth coming from asia-pacific countries, bap co., ltd, headquartered tokyo japan, provides the perfect springboard target these growing asean markets. virtual goods market the value the global social gaming market estimated reach us$.bn virtual goods, advertisements and lead generation offers are the primary revenue generation sources the global social gaming market. among these, the virtual goods segment likely expand the fastest compound annual growth rate over the forecasted period. mobile game market billion gamers across the globe are expected generate us$. billion game revenues mobile the most lucrative segment, claiming the market. mobile gaming will represent just over half the total game market. iv. problems market problems due the regulatory constraints placed the industry, operators are restricted their ability serve customers across major jurisdictions and regions. jurisdictions are grouped into the following categories based regulatory response (exact nomenclature varies): black markets black markets are jurisdictions that have either classified online gaming illegal only allow intrastate games played. dark grey markets dark grey markets are jurisdictions that don't explicitly prohibit online gambling and/or have legislation that unclear. grey markets grey markets are jurisdictions that have regulated online gambling have not taken any action against remote operators. operators within this regulatory framework, operators choose either operate multiple markets with single multiple licenses, all markets with single license. these can classified "onshore" operators and "offshore" operators. onshore operators regulated operators have obtained least one gaming license from respected gaming authority and typically operate most grey and dark-grey markets. these operators adhere aml/kyc, tax, and other compliance policies, and many are publicly traded companies various exchanges around the globe. offshore operators unregulated operators often reside offshore jurisdictions costa rica, curacao, cyprus indian reservations. they have usually offered their services customers globally including black markets. relatively minimal data can obtained these operators. increased number jurisdictions and countries around the world have begun regulating online gaming, leading greater portion regulated online gaming traffic. competition online gaming networks' success dependent upon establishing large global liquidity pools players. thus over time, the market has been reduced few large operators within their respective target markets, leaving players with limited playing options and enabling operators charge higher fees. unregulated market the unregulated online gaming market slightly more fragmented. sites put minimal investment into anti-cheating practices such bot detection multi-accounting, leaving players fend for themselves their platforms. many players have gravitated these platforms because limited playing options, high competition regulated platforms. however, the lack due diligence and reporting requirements these companies leaves players with minimal insight into daily operations, and provides negligible recourse options should these sites offline, lock players out their accounts, accused wrongdoing. gaming bots gaming bots can run without human oversight and vary their complexity: they can bought off-the-shelf can custom built and employed individual actor. they vary their degrees success, and ultimately, only the most sophisticated bots can beat skilled professional players. gaming bots pose significant threat the future success the industry. third-party tools and software many online players use third-party tools and software that targets recreational players via multitude methods. these tools include (but aren't limited to): player databases database players that can queried find players with low win rates across multiple gaming networks. auto-seating: automatically seats players quality checked cash game and sit go's, well color coding players based player statistics. player scanning: scans players currently gaming site's lobby who match specific criteria. heads-up-displays: displays real-time statistics opponents active games. these tools are designed give players access information about their opponents and are used regular online gaming players. unfortunately, these tools create disadvantage for recreational players that are not employing these programs and are unknowingly targeted highly skilled professionals. conclusion players face several disadvantages the current online gaming marketplace. they must combat malicious software, high fees and stiff competition regulated markets, and are forced into playing sites that lack accountability and transparency black markets. overall, increased competition, higher fees, and distrust among recreational players has led growing strain the global gaming economy. the kubera solution overall the kubera team has spent years researching the current market dynamics the industry. our goal address industry shortfalls through the creation new decentralized online gaming network with built trust, transparency and accountability. seek reinvigorate online gaming through the utilization the ethereum blockchain, peer-to-peer networking, user-owned identity, and cryptographically secured payouts. while also creating improved playing experience lower cost players. using these new frameworks will fix the broken gaming economy, provide reduced costs players and create the safest and most secure online gaming platform. this will enable all players have fun experience and develop more balanced online gaming ecosystem. user flow kubera will run without storing customer funds even stores keystore files their wallets those wallets are encrypted password which defined and known the customers only. this means users forget lose access the password they use encrypt their wallets, will not able recover access their funds. game clients the game client will initially state-engine desktop mobile application that runs the game logic and includes light wallet. will connect other players given game. registration users will required create identity (if they haven't already created one). the user will also have receive attestation regarding country residence and age prior playing kubera when necessary. funding wallets the user will brought page that directs them fund the light wallet that pre-built for the client. the built-in kubera wallet uses version format ethereum blockchain wallet, which the most popular format used well-known clients such metamask and myetherwallet. because this, users will find problems importing and using the same wallet with different client. create join game the user will have the option create private game. she can invite other players join our lobby which will show all publicly available games via our gaming registry. buy-in the user can either join public private game sending kubera tokens, in-platform tokens (to discussed later), the system's ethereum address have the funds locked, this will play assurance that winners will paid the end the game. the system address will sit the ethereum blockchain and act escrow account while gameplay conducted. gameplay the peers the game will form subnet. how kubera orks the first phase without smart contracts for the first phase after the ico ends, will release games which require only skills from the players themselves, well games using kubera tokens. because this, smart contracts are not compulsory part that time. system components consist the following: identity management registration and identity validation mechanism prevent underage gameplay and multi-accounts. users will required sign-in via our system each time they want play games kubera. illustration identity validation step user goes the user portal, creates account with personal email and password access the account later. verification link will sent the specified email address and the user needs follow that link order verify the email address and proceed with the further steps. step next, the user has provide phone number and uses the verification token sent this number from the system verify it. step scan the user's (resident card passport), selfie with the and other personal information such full name, date birth, nationality are required and must entered/uploaded manually the user themself. after submitting this, the information will sent administrative system proceed offline kyc/aml procedure order determine whether the user legally eligible participate the ico. the kyc/aml procedure takes time and likely the most time consuming step users are urged patient while waiting for approval before continuing the next steps. step after being approved the system administrators, the user must proceed initialize their wallet able invest the ico. users can choose either create completely new wallet entering passphrase import existing wallet into the system uploading its keystore/json file. the equivalent address the wallet will then imported into list authorized addresses which are allowed send money into the ico contract a.k.a the ico contract only accepts investments coming from addresses specified the authorized list which stored inside the ico contract. please note that the user chooses one two options initialize his/her wallet above, the wallet still stays encrypted and the user needs enter the passphrase order decrypt the wallet and make transactions from it. the system stores only the wallet the form keystore/json file, the encrypted form, and does not store the passphrase the wallet which means the user will permanently lose the funds the wallet holds he/she does not have access the passphrase, the system will not capable recovering the wallet passphrase. game server smart contracts will not involved the gaming process this phase, game server will responsible for handling the game outcomes and player payouts. game records will then collected and sent database the game server and funds will processed accordingly payout for those who win. handling game outcomes player moves games during this phase will synchronized real-time for all parties' end via the game server thanks the messaging protocol. result, the game server able keep track the game play, assure information that all parties have are identical, logical and relative precedent moves one will able fool the server the other players game with nonsense result. game payout when tournament game completed, when player leaves, the platform will auto-execute and payout each player when winnings are due. those payouts will stay locked but available use play other games the platform. those funds are available transfer any other wallet, whatever pre-built light wallet the system external ethereum accounts which are managed popular tools such mist, myetherwallet metamask. how kubera works latter phases with smart contracts from the second phase development, the kubera platform will utilize several sub-components for different purposes within the application: illustration how the kubera platform works with smart contracts identity management the registration and identity validation mechanism built the first phase will remain consistent latter phases assure that the system stable and trustworthy from the risk underage gameplay and multi-accounting. ethereum smart contracts ethereum contracts are utilized for several purposes: registry for all active games the platform short-term escrow service for players seated given game repository for all game-specific parameters such buy-in amount, payout percentages, and game type reporting end game results ethereum smart contracts after player has verified their identity and created their account, the user brought the e-gaming contract. gaming ontract the gaming contract contains registry all available games, well recently completed games. its functions include game creation well matchmaking and other frontend, user, and game-management tasks. represents single instance playing game kubera. when decision made start game gaming with particular set rules and limits and given set players. pots get paid upon completion the game. during play, the game contract serves several purposes. primarily, the repository all information regarding the rules and settings for the game being played. also maintains list the players the game, information about them needed the other players and responsible for distributing winnings. additionally, where funds used for gameplay are stored. when player joins game contract, the funds needed cover the game buy-in are transferred the game contract and credited internally the player's stakes. the player then receives the necessary information from the contract communicate with the other players the game, and play begins. play progresses, the contract informed the state the game and updates accordingly. when the player leaves the game, the contract transfers any funds due the same account from which the player originally paid them. player interactions and game contracts currently architected, transactions players are sent game contracts the following instances: join game the end each game when game completed (for tournaments) when player leaves game (for cash games) our goal minimize the number transactions sent ethereum reduce gas costs and improve gameplay speed. the end game, each player cryptographically signs the end-results, and sends transaction the game contract which updates each respective player's stake accordingly. this consensus mechanism and transaction submission the peers each given game functions "oracle," enabling the contract keep updated game state, and know when pay players. this process happens asynchronously games are played the platform enabling players move onto the next game while previous game result validated the blockchain. multi-game tournament contract for tournaments that involve play across multiple games, the multi-game tournament contract acts organizational tool for managing the distribution players across the games. any aspects the tournament that exist higher level than the game itself are governed this contract. peer validation and contracts validation created peers the game. special case the player client software which participates the peer-to-peer gameplay game, but does not participate play place wagers. instead, this peer externally incentivized act "more trustworthy" peer the game subnet such way that set them game can used resolve certain potential disputes and log the game data. both distribute the workload and discourage any potential for collusion between validators and players, the validators are assigned randomly games from pool, and rotate through games after certain number games. the validation management contract responsible for keeping registry available validators and also assigning them the games. peer-to-peer messaging messaging for game client synchronization decentralized technologies are required provide practical, consumer-oriented gaming service. the downloadable game client software consists separate "frontend" and "backend" processes. the front end displays the current game state the local user, accepts input when appropriate and passes the backend, which then broadcasts the other clients the game. the backend contains the logic needed apply the rules gaming the input events that receives from the frontend and other clients. result, every client applying the same code the same data all the others. off-chain gameplay programmable blockchain technology like ethereum makes possible have data storage for things that might otherwise handled single server, like managing the players particular game. the ability for client software interact with contracts the blockchain also allows for the trustless, distributed management player funds and game stakes, and provides tamper-proof record these interactions. the blockchain cannot simply used replacement for server for all aspects the game partly because data and instructions sent client take time propagate across the chain. is, therefore, impractical use the management game events finer granularity than the game level. game events occurring higher rate, like betting, must managed the client software itself, more precisely: the software that manages the peer-to-peer subnet consisting the clients playing particular game. the use digital signatures allows each client verify that messages received have been sent the claimed sender, preventing forgery. fault tolerant consensus formation techniques are used ensure that each step the gameplay process, every client agrees with every other client what exactly has happened. addition catching errors and hardware failures, byzantine faults (intentionally bad data) are also detected. the end each game this consensus data digitally signed every client passed the blockchain for processing, and the clients themselves move the next game. disagreements among clients, peers the game are resolved validators. ipfs: game storage and istory provide permanent record the actual play each game, the signed game event messages need stored, well the state information tracked the blockchain when processes the end game. this turns second weakness current blockchain technology: using the chain store significant amounts data can expensive, sending all log data the blockchain not practical. fortunately, technologies exist (ipfs, swarm) that can provide reliable, distributed data storage. the end game, before reporting the blockchain, the client software sends the game's log data ipfs, which provides with single "hash" value that can used locate later time. that hash included with the state data sent the blockchain contract, and since each game's log data includes the hash the previous game's log, possible request from the blockchain the most recent hash, and use chain back through the entire logged history the game. distributed storage platform removes singular points failure present various forms centralized storage systems. game security there are several forms cheating that plague online gaming. common forms are outlined below. collusion collusion defined two more players collaborating game sharing information and utilizing cooperative betting strategies create advantage against other players for financial gain. multi-accounting single user may use several accounts across one multiple machines and then take multiple seats the same game create unfair advantage tournament cash game. data ining unfair advantage any instance which user accesses compiles information other players beyond that which the user has personally observed through the user's own game play. gaming ots described previously, gaming bots are either off-the-shelf self-programmed software programs that can operate without human oversight. account sharing account sharing can defined when two more players use one account take advantage the gaming site other players. the gaming site can taken advantage they offer higher rewards. other players can taken advantage with nefarious actions such selling account deep tournament, well stronger player using weaker player's account. provability system prevent cheating order combat collusion and cheating, the kubera team will developing validation system. validators are non-playing peers who provide security and protection players the kubera network and exchange receive fees from players. validators the kubera network sign each outcome for every game the platform and submit game histories for storage ipfs. the functions described below are automated: there manual oversight needed for user run validation node. dispute esolution the rare instance where two peers game disagree about the state the game the end game, validator can resolve the dispute real-time and award the pot the winner. data-feed validator submits each action every game interplanetary file system (ipfs) that game histories can stored. this required gaming regulatory bodies and ensures essential services such collusion detection, bot detection, and multi-accounting identification can conducted. player ncryption keys validators will store decryption key for the players the game. the "dropped player problem" games defined when player drops out game before game completed. this problematic, all players must share encryption keys for community cards revealed and for game completed. each player's keys can encrypted and split amongst all players plus the validator. the player drops, the validator can request the pieces from each player and decrypt the assembled pieces that the game can completed. validator node kubera can activated downloading the validator client machine, opening the application and activating the validator. vi. kubera architecture kubera still under heavy development, parts this section are subject change. for short-term plan until june kubera aims offer fully decentralized gaming platform made possible through the use new technologies like ethereum and ipfs along with other solutions. games and applications kubera platform will designed and implemented cross-platform applications will use unity framework for games and react native for applications. for games, they will include the platform engine, the gaming client and network infrastructure that allows for communications with the ethereum blockchain well peer-to-peer subnet for game instances use for lower-latency messaging required human gameplay. components the major components game that will run kubera platform are: game engine contains the game logic. ethereum uses repository for game parameters, escrow service, results reporting, player management across multiple games, and validator management. gamenet provides single component the engine can use communicate with the outside world. ppnet used gamenet manage game-instance-specific subnet. web.js the ethereum compatible javascript api which implements that communicates with the ethereum nodes https://github.com/ethereum/web.js/ for those implemented unity, will using .net version web which can found https://github.com/nethereum/nethereum unity react native application cross platform framework. game client the game client that will used players. most games the platform will implemented with unity framework react native make those games runnable not only mobile platforms but also web browsers even desktop. ipfs client interfaces with the ipfs network store game records. users have the option running their own ipfs node connecting the default infura node. game engine state machine the game engine the core our application. our game engine finite-state machine that controls the transitions within the game state and implements the game rules. depending user interactions with the application and the network responses, the game engine will trigger actions and will move the next state. connected offline state kubera runs through the following process when user logs into the application: the application not connected, are offline state. the user inputs login details and performs login. the game engine will receive the input and triggers the action perform the login. after login, the game engine will move the next action and notify the game ui. the login successful will move connected state. the login has error will keep the user offline state. game records kubera uses ipfs store and distribute game records decentralized manner, ensuring that single user responsible for the integrity the game data. ipfs files are content addressed (meaning that their hash-based identification comes from the contents the file itself), any discrepancies between logs, that may have resulted from intentional accidental changes, can easily found our game security team. vii. in-platform token kubera solution has its own tokens let the whole system functions called kubera token (kbr). kubera tokens are ethereum-based assets which means they only function ethereum blockchain and costs eth (built-in currency the ethereum blockchain) while using kubera tokens. kubera tokens run one the most stable and powerful blockchains the world the moment, ethereum blockchain, investors holders kubera token can benefit the following advantages: security and stability: using ethereum, one the most robust blockchain the world, not viable attack the network nor hacking the whole system kubera holders will not have worry losing funds from their wallets long they assure the access the passphrase the wallet. portability: kubera token created using the best practice with erc protocol ethereum-based tokens supported almost all exchanges. this also means that kubera holders will find trivial keep track trade kubera tokens with other holders various exchanges. transparency and immutability: every kubera transactions will stored publicly ethereum blockchain everyone can easily verify whether transaction has actually happened and once happened, there nothing that anyone can change revert that transaction. viii. token sale (ico) terms token sale summary kubera ico (initial coins offering) organized within days from the beginning november with stable rate kbr per eth. the ico expected raise maximum eth ,,, kbr sold. the ico fails reach the minimum expectation eth (~,, kbr sold) when the time up, all funds raised will then returned investors. even though, there are maximum ,,, kbr issued during the ico, there will extra kbr distributed the ico owner (kubera team default) after the ico ends and maximum kbr, equivalent the total supply, bonus for referrers. this means there will total maximum ,,, kbr circulation specific time. token protocol erc token rights access, payment token symbol kbr token cost eth kbr ico min kbr eth token supply ,,, kbr start date october issuance period days distribution tokens ico owner after the ico ends kbr referrer bonus referral investment ico contract address updated how participate kubera ico? order participate the kubera ico, firstly, potential investors must register our portal following the identity validation process the platform. applying the kyc (know your customer) procedure, the kubera system can comply the aml (anti money laundry) regulations. secondly, only approved users with identity validated will able send money into the ico using investment tools the user portal. this means the ico contract managed accept investments from list certain people, those who are not tracked the system will not able arbitrarily send their eth into the ico contract and purchase kbr tokens. ix. how will the funds collected from the sale used? overall platform development the kubera team has spent over years developing games for the platform, and will need continue build out our development team create fully functional platform, especially with the goal make the system fully decentralized with breakthrough features coming from smart contracts. kubera will hire developers improve our messaging backbone, create custom interfaces, write secure and effective smart contracts, and implement storage functionality. addition, our team will integrate with ongoing ethereum infrastructure projects including distributed storage, and identity management. kubera will also re-skin our current applications and build out user interface for our platform which meet standards for commercial quality front-end. marketing kubera will compete with market incumbents with large marketing budgets and sophisticated customer acquisition processes. will dedicate significant marketing resources guaranteed tournaments and freerolls, marketing analytics software, and other paid marketing initiatives, including partnering with affiliates. sponsorships and community development kubera will sponsor popular gaming forums, websites, blogs, and events. addition, our team will build vibrant community for our platform. legal our team has already begun consulting with well respected law firms and with regulators around the globe. plans continue consulting with these resources navigate applicable legal and regulatory frameworks. also intend pursue gaming license prior our launch ensure our platform adheres compliance standards and our players are sufficiently protected. further development the kubera team growing core team and will use the proceeds from our sale continue develop our team and the kubera platform. the very first phase the project, only racing games are selected which require only player skills order win the game. order for our platform successful, latter phases, must also provide games luck and this where smart contracts will come into play for the role trustless middle-man. however, order achieve this goal, the kubera application must undergo significant testing ensure the games are sufficiently fair, the registration and identity verification method prevents low level multi-accounting and underage gambling, and our data storage mechanism able track data points necessary for compliance and detect cheating. other services are under consideration for the team implement with the goal create the first and unique ecosystem based blockchain and ethereum-based tokens. improve messaging backbone the application uses runtime-swappable plugin implementations for different transports, and currently using very basic http-server-based message exploder. for deployment, kubera will implement more industrial strength backbone. specific roadmap release open beta for games using kbr and wallet app multiplayers games and tournaments will released for selected users around the world play and test. kubera team will collect feedbacks from those players, conduct meetings and improve gaming ui/ux. integrate kubera token various cryptocurrency exchanges one the most crucial moves order make the project successful one increase the visibility kubera token popular exchanges, hence increase the liquidity. successful ico can considered convincing factor while negotiating with exchanges place our token their system. public launch for games using kbr and wallet app ios, android and web official version games the first open beta vague should ready after two months improvement. release open beta for smart contracts games this phase, will releasing games which are based luck and skills this where smart contracts must involve ensure the fairness and randomness the game outcomes. there will least two games launched for beta testing this time: rock-paper-scissors and black jack. public launch for smart contract games ios, android and web need make our games available mobile such ios and android, will spend lot resources for the testing process make sure those games function well with smart contract features before launching public release. public first non-gaming services for kubera ecosystem kubera team members, with not only software engineers but also economics experts, have been planning launch non-gaming services using kubera tokens such e-commerce, online shopping, lottery, etc. release open beta for games (virtual reality) has become popular the last few years, firmly believe the kubera platform should follow the trend developing games order more competitive and stay relevant the market. the kubera team already has engineers experienced such domain and one year should enough for them release interesting products for open beta. public launch for games months after the open beta, public release for those games expected highlight for the kubera platform enforce its competition the market.