white paper kucoin kucoin world-class cryptocurrency exchange platform kcs known kucoin shares kcs for short, the token issued kucoin cryptocurrency exchange platform maintains total issuance volume million. after buy-back disposal, will constant million. decentralized cryptocurrency issued the basis ethereum, also standard erc token based ethereum blockchain, kcs supports all the ethereum wallets. background august market value the global cryptocurrencies has reached billion; meanwhile the worldwide daily exchange volume has reached astonishing billion. other than bitcoin, new cryptocurrencies with new technologies and features have been emerging vigorously recent years. and their total value and exchange volume has gone over the global market. currently, the daily exchange volume each worldwide top platform has already reached million and maintained the prosperous development. based the calculation commission, the daily income vibrant platform shall reach $,. background about kucoin the founders kucoin cryptocurrency exchange platform started in-depth research blockchain technology early and successfully built kucoin's technical architecture with the reliable and extendable technical architecture place, kucoin team stepped into cryptocurrency exchange business confidently serving the industry and users with superior services and flexible operation strategies. founders michael gan ceo former technical expert ant financial alibaba group, veteran financial solutions, and senior partner internet giants like mikecrm, kf.com, etc. eric don coo top lan cto kent operations maintenance director senior internet researcher, systems architect, and internet industry star. cto and senior partner famous companies including youlin.com, kiteme and reiniot, etc. open source community technical expert, manager multiple mainstream open source projects github, designer and deployer kucoin financial exchange system. operations maintenance development expert, operations maintenance director and architects multiple internet titans, stanford university reap project operations maintenance director. john lee jack zhu linda lin president the business operations group president jianbang communication and project director group-purchase magnates. managed group-purchase service centers over china with his special insight consumer finance. marketing director operations director ibox pay southwestern china, manager marketing team with employees. chief legal consultant chairman sichuan qianyuan investment co. ltd., executive vice president sichuan industrial financial development promotion association. advantages operation strategies the most enduring and fundamental competitiveness kucoin lies its powerful r&d team, which ensures world-class stability and service quality. the meantime, kucoin's capable operation team shall create bright and prosperous future through long-term and large-scale online/offline promotion operation. majority the exchange commision will rewarded active users who exchange, invest and promote kucoin. incentive policies can sustain active users' enthusiasm and make the business even more vigorous. the other hand, the invitation bonus plan between users will tremendously boost kucoin's subscribers and trades. shortly after, will accomplish the target becoming one the top worldwide hottest exchange platform. financing-level stability learned from the design solution the state the art underlying financial system, kucoin core exchanging system adopted advanced multi-layer and multi-cluster architecture. the bank-level disaster-proof deployment with two locations and three centers which can handle multiple tasks several locations simultaneously has been applied, from the mass flow inlet domain name resolution the underlying core exchanging system and accounting system, thus ensuring the system stability situations like hardware failure, even natural disasters. high-performance engine the trading system has adopted the hardware-accelerated and highly-efficient memory matching technology whose order-making peak value million+/second, order-processing peak value million+/second. these statistics are hundreds times, even thousands times the normal industry standard. therefore can guarantee delay lag throughout the whole core order process when the market booms. system security system level: constructed strictly following the financing-level standards. the industry standard transfer encryption protocol applied data transfer layers ensure that all user data and sensitive data stored through bank-level data encryption. the multi-factor dynamic authentication mechanism has been introduced sensitive operations like transaction withdrawal provide maximum security for our users. operation level: kucoin has established special internal risk control and operation process departments which have designated strict production data operation and usage standards. requires multi-level review and approval check and use all online data and the core data will undergo desensitization ensure the maximum security for user data. advantages financial safety wallets the platform has adopted multiple security levels storage solution line with their storage scale. have stored the micro-withdrawal wallets the private network architecture built amazon web services cloud which has multi-layer firewall the basis security isolation. the wallet document itself has adopted industry-level multi-layer encryption storage method whose cipher code will preserved special person everytime and this very code will altered regular basis. any operation the wallet document requires strict review and approval through internal control procedure and can only accomplished two people deciphering simultaneously with the key. under normal circumstances, macro-wallets will stored the bank custody. efficient customer service dedicated resolve customers' needs without any delay, kucoin offers customer services through multi-channels, including webpage, hotline and e-mail, etc. kucoin's pre-pay and withdrawl safety will inspected algorithm. once the request passed the inspection, automation system will executes entry and remit instantly, ensuring both convinience and safety. advantages multiple cryptocurrencies support the underlying technologies supports infinite cryptocurrency trading pairs. the early phase, kucoin provides btc, eth, and usdt markets, which includes the trading pair kcs, ltc, neo and various highly negotiable erc tokens. the support list will enlarged shortly the future. part our plan release unique feature which can help cryptocurrency managers amateurs self-register new cryptocurrency pairs and start trading automatically. invitation bonus registration invite links and code will distributed all the kucoin users. users will able enjoy the direct and indirect promotion bonus inviting new users register. for instance, user registers via user a's invitation code and trade, then certain potion the trading fees will awarded user direct bonus; and user invites user (and user invites users d), portion the their trading fees goes user indirect bonus too. this portion will decided the real situation the platform operations, please refer the announcements. invitation bonus can increase the register and visit numbers and make the exchange and user activities more flourishing. income expense the income kucoin mainly comes from the fees user trade and withdraw. promise keep the fee rate low. please refer the details below: trading fee withdrawal fee when trading the platform, will cost both sellers and buyers tiny amount their trading cryptocurrency trading fee. when withdrawing cryptocurrencies from the platform, will cost users tiny amount their withdrawing cryptocurrency withdrawal fee. kucoin's expenses are mainly for operation, promotion and blockchain technology r&d. please refer the details below: kucoin bonus awards for kcs-holding users. income expense invitation bonus awards for new-user inviters. technology r&d saw kucoin technology entity. result, more funds will put into the new blockchain technology r&d, promotion, and application. token issuance details known kucoin shares kcs for short, the cryptocurrency issued kucoin cryptocurrency exchange platform maintains total issuance volume million. after buy-back disposal, will constant million. decentralized cryptocurrency issued the basis ethereum, also standard erc token based ethereum blockchain, kcs supports all the ethereum wallets. kcs features acquire kucoin bonus improve user involvement and exchage vitality, kucoin going award incentive bonus, which equals the total trading fees charged the platform, users who hold kcs their accounts. please note that this award proportion could adjusted based the actual situation the future. the initial amount kcs million among which million owned the team and angel investors would not taken into account when calculating the bonus. addition, guarantee that most million kcs calculated the bonus plan during official buy-back and destruction. obtain the daily bonus, users would need deposit their kcs into kucoin platform. then the platform will conduct accounting and award bonus based the kcs holdings user's account (utc+) that day and all the trading fees charged the platform the previous day.then the bonus gained users will directly put their kucoin accounts the corresponding currency. for instance, eth-btc cryptocurrency pair rate the platform and the daily exchange volume btc; based the rate from each side, the platform shall charge btc and eth trading fees. the bonus for every holdings would (.%). that the daily bonus from this very cryptocurrency pair btc and eth btc and eth annually). please note that this only the eth-btc exchange pair bonus. other than eth-btc, there are still various cryptocurrency pairs the platform, which creates the trading fees the corresponding currency and bonus based the description above. trading fee discount when placing orders trade, holding certain amount kcs kucoin account can lower the trading fee. details will published through announcements. other exclusive rights when kcs holding reaches certain levels, users can enjoy special services like one-on-one investment consultation, customer service fast-pass, etc. future decentralized exchange system gas kucoin team dedicated blockchain technology r&d and planned release decentralized exchange features the future. for kcs, shall the core fuel this exchange system. token issuance details ico issuing mode kcs initial coin offering includes the following three phases: the first phase, kucoin founders issues the second phase, angel investors and consultants issues the third phase, all the public users openly issue the rest phase portion amount distribution plan first phase million founders' permanent holdings second phase million industry stars and angel investors' holdings third phase million open exchange for all users lock-up period the million kcs issued the founders the first phase should subject four-year lock-up period from sep nd, september nd, founders are prohibited assign sell their kcs holdings any way before september nd, team members can only assign sell their largest historical exchange volume natural days from sep rd, the end lock-up period. the million kcs exchanged the consultants and angel investors the second phase should subject two-year lock-up period from sep nd, sep nd, holders are not allowed assign sell their kcs holdings any way before september nd, they can only assign sell their largest historical exchange volume natural days from september rd, the end lock-up period. the million kcs issued public users suffers lock-up period and opens for exchange from sep nd, buy-back mechanism after the kucoin platform opened for use, least the net profit will applied the buy-back kcs every quarter. the kcs retrieved through buy-back will destroyed immediately. the buy-back record shall released the public the first time, that users can review via blockchain explorer, ensure the open and transparent nature the whole process. will continue our efforts this regard, until million kcs destroyed. issuing timelines founders internal issue consultant team and angel investors issue declaration the kucoin ico plan and publishing white paper public investors the launch kucoin exchange platform kucoin.com with the conclusion the issuance, kucoin users who have kcs holdings shall start getting kucoin bonus. token issuance details kcs ico how-to the cryptocurrency used participate kcs ico bitcoin (btc). please note that pre-pay the kucoin platform with btc the prerequisite kcs ico. the ico starts from aug th, and ends sep st, once kcs storage runs out, this event will terminated instantly. the exchange rate btc/ kcs, which means btc exchanges approximately kcs. ico awards million kcs not fully issued after this event, then the rest will firstly used awards. any leftover after that will destroyed directly. ico awards: total amount million kcs will rewarded the kcs holders. the actual award surpasses million, then should commuted based proportion. awards source: the kcs among the million which has not been issued will firstly used awards. the numbers falls short the awards, then the difference shall complemented with the kcs held kucoin team. ico awards rules after the ico, the system will list out the top kcs holders through automatic statistics and award respectively with and their own holdings. also, after the issuance, the system will provide awards based the timing kcs ico. starting from august the first day, the system will award total daily issued amount, and this percentage goes lower each day. kcs ico how-to development plan and timeline core team and initial fund ready, r&d center established, project started. white paper released, kcs ico launched, cryptocurrency exchange platform came into use. kucoin bonus proposed, api endpoints opened public, multiple mainstream cryptocurrency pairs listed. global promotion started. mobile apps (android, ios) released. over mainstream cryptocurrency pairs listed, daily exchange volume expected btc. cryptocurrency pair self-releasing feature available. cryptocurrencies listed, daily exchange volume expected btc. one the top worldwide cryptocurrency exchange platforms. development plan and timeline www.kucoin.com