kuende whitepaper september "some chapters contain information that subject change. such information will highlighted with blue throughout the document." kuende team kuende whitepaper september kuende: creating real life experiences know that social media has and will continue change the world. it's time use that for the betterment every person, group and community. it's time for kuende. the use modern social media that pushes solely for greater interactions online amazingly powerful force. users can find, follow and interact with their friends, family and favorite celebrities all from the comfort their couch. unfortunately, this digital interaction keeping people their couches, their homes and away from friendly interactions the real world. groups that use social media more often, such millennials and gen-z, are not only shunning social activities but are also reporting higher levels isolation and related sadness. our mission use the power social media encourage healthy behaviors and offline interactions through gamification. the kuende platform will allow users, groups and businesses create challenges that require specific offline interactions and reward participants with points that can exchanged for variety in-app rewards. social proof and excitement we're building off proven track record digital platforms that complement and encourage offline interaction, but our rewards and in-app communication tools allow create solution that customers will keep using even their hobbies, communities, homes and lives change. roughly million people use meetup find local community groups centered activities and events. however, this and similar services lack both rewards mechanism that encourages continual social connection and communication tools that promote online interactions. they also charge each group's organizer subscription run their group(s). believe that ongoing social activity requires shareable rewards structure and the platform should not have costs for use. also pokemon had million active users one point, and the baseline game free. so, know that users are willing let digital services drive them real-world activity and that gamification can significant driver for these activities. kuende wants support these interactions and offer robust social platform with messaging, chats, photos and other sharing, serve central platform for both online and offline activity. we'll the only platform users need join the latest craze, from meeting watch march madness taking part the next ice bucket challenge. kuende whitepaper september ico have raised more than million to-date and are targeting additional million further develop our platform and expand our product broader audience. the rise the ico has led millions everyday people taking active role company's development through tokenization products and services. startups raised billion through icos last year. kuende will have successful ico because have nurtured great community that supportive our efforts transition into blockchain/crypto friendly platform. therefore, aim raise funds the most democratic, fair and open way. the way should be. the community essential part our vision and our journey. ico use and ongoing revenue the bulk the funding raise through our ico will used for the development and furtherance our platform, including security reviews, r&d, business development and traditional overhead. all investments and efforts will specifically target the milestones presented our roadmap this document, such the plan reach million users the end ico funds will also support our ability create long-term revenue sources, including the production the challenge framework, development advertising network that safe for our users' data and in-app purchases through kuende-branded kshop (our marketplace), which will offer emojis, stickers in-game boosts. our place the market the differentiator that kuende will pursue, and the core values will maintain, are the intersection offline and online social interactions. want specifically further the creation and development challenges and communities that encourage interactions both sides the app. so, have looked for areas where could offer something not currently the market. unlike facebook and twitter, our interactions will designed have real-world element. currently, twitter offers minimal push offsite locations. hashtags are used conferences and other events, but the user sees them afterthought. hashtag pushes someone concert. kuende interactions will designed have that push all interactions rewarding users for their activity. facebook may have some offline-focused elements, but these are few and often commerce-based. its recent marketplaces and "buy-and-sell" groups reach roughly million people. so, know there desire interact and even potentially meet. unfortunately, facebook offers platform-specific method encourage meetings. kuende whitepaper september kuende's reward system again can take advantage this desire meet for variety purposes lead greater interactions. tinder, perhaps the best-known service drive users meet the real world, has estimate million users, but its use-case limited. soon someone achieves their first desired goal establishing relationship, they pause the service for some time. providing wide range activities that can change with user's shifts preferences, family status, location, habits and more, users can stay with through this change. have also seen variety blockchain proposals that are considering functionality similar ours. their roadmaps usually include product launch and don't think consumers will want wait that long switch new social network, especially the light growing privacy concerns with some larger, more established networks. others also place premium creating entertainment online, without the offline aspects developing community encouraging positive interaction. the difference kuende brings our commitment the betterment individuals and the groups they belong pairing online interest-focused social content with offline experiences that allow people explore their world. rewarding users and allowing for variety challenges take place any community, aim create engagement that not limited any single user type. and, the use blockchain technology ensures we're properly rewarding and protecting our users they create new social connections. kuende whitepaper september table contents our motivation the mental-health problem social media addiction our solution unveiling the vision for hybrid social media platform kuende hybrid social media platform for real-world interaction challenges community-created challenges kuende-created challenges proof mechanisms examples challenges achievements badges key players the kuende ecosystem users influencers businesses blockchain the way forward incentivize challenge creation and participation blockchain guided our user focus points trust kuende whitepaper september kuende's microeconomy kuende tokens kuende points kuende token (kue) kuende points (kp) financial model revenue streams initial coin offering (ico) use funds product roadmap where we've been, where are going our beginning kuende's most important milestones future development overview our existing, traditional social media features security the kuende team core members advisors business partners conclusions legal considerations, risks and disclaimers references kuende whitepaper september our motivation the mental-health problem social media addiction "we don't have choice whether social media, the question how will it?" erik qualman over the past decade, social media has allowed have global conversation unlike anything we've ever seen. for the first time, people are able learn anything almost instantly explore new ideas, try new hobbies, engage and keep touch with friends and family members living abroad. time passed, could see that the progress and evolution social networks came with cost. psychologists and scientists studied and determined that social media becoming increasingly addictive and, used replacement for real world interaction, very unhealthy. the addictive nature easily explained. after all, when you socialize over the internet, there less risk hurtful rejection humiliation. human beings are programmed nature follow the safest possible path. this especially true young people who are far more sensitive social rejection than adults. scientists have also observed the dopamine boost you get when someone likes favorites your posts. dopamine neurotransmitter our brain that triggers state happiness and satisfaction reward for when something positive like finding food water. but, dopamine can also released through artificial means like drugs, this case, unfortunately, social media. these two factors, the lack risk and the plentiful dopamine, combine create addictive, easily accessible replacement for healthy, real world interaction. now find ourselves dire situation. real-life socialization steady downward slope because social media taking its place. this causing mental health crisis epic proportions. brief look the latest research shows the extent the problem: disability charity named scope surveyed facebook and twitter users aged they found that the responders felt unattractive because social media, and had feelings jealousy. the journal youth studies has proven that one five young people lose sleep due nighttime wakeups check messages social media. the american journal preventive medicine published study involving people aged found that those who spent the most time using social media were twice likely feel socially isolated. and this same study found that people who use seven more social media websites were three times more likely have general anxiety symptoms than those who use two fewer social media websites. kuende whitepaper september another trend shows how social media can even affect parenting. parents survey people, said they felt other parents overshare their parent-child moments social media. yet the same time, only felt they themselves overshare these same moments. this goes show how social media can work its way into even the most cherished relationships and slowly transition them the online world. while all generations that are active social media are affected these side effects... generation and millennials suffer the most. after all, they are the first generations born world where internet, smartphones and social media are parts their daily lives. they are the only generations that report preferring social media way keep with family and friends. think this the most revealing fact regarding the magnitude this issue about gen and millennials. avoiding real-world interaction with their closest companions, they are degrading social skills and increasing their isolation and loneliness. spending more than two hours day social networks multiplies your chances feeling socially isolated factor two. however, most spend significant amount time these networks, with average person spending two hours social media every day while teenagers are investing hours each day but, gets even worse. close social media usage now happening mobile devices the vast majority these users are the gen z/millennial demographic. because the addictive nature social media and smartphones, even when the physical presence friends family, young people stay glued their devices they are choosing interact with friends and family who aren't with them opposed having healthy human interaction with those right front them. these people young old seem unconsciously adhere consensus being "alone together". they use technology feel connected. but that feeling artificial one and can never replace the benefits real life interaction. despite the issues that social media presents, strongly believe can used powerful tool for the betterment society. that acknowledge and work mitigating its inherent risks. so, what can done? how reverse these trends and encourage human interaction, especially among young people? how build social platform that balances the overall social life the users between the healthy, real world and the convenient digital one? kuende whitepaper september our solution unveiling the vision for hybrid social media platform "people use our online platform means spend more quality time together, offline" kuende vision envision world which social media nurtures and cares for the true social needs its users. world where social media creates much human interaction real life, does digitally. believe that, for the betterment individuals and society alike, both types social interaction are properly balanced. social platforms should not only provide the means get connected, entertained and informed, but also help preserve the value real life interaction. they should used enhance rather than replace. this what kuende seeks provide. using gamified challenges and blockchain technology, seek create network that encourages dynamic, evolving and socially engaged communities that gather the real world share their specific interests rewarding and fun ways. short, kuende will build much healthier alternative current social media networks. this the vision that pavel antohe, our ceo and founder, set out achieve when created kuende after spending one year refining the concept, invested all his savings into developing minimally viable product. knew once investors saw kuende action, they would leap the opportunity part it. and was right. since kuende has raised over million usd. now are excited move forward with our initial coin offering. before discuss the details this event, let introduce you our platform. kuende whitepaper september kuende hybrid social media platform for real-world interaction kuende social media network that combines the online features and appeal social media platform together with real-world gamified challenges and internal economy based around two utility tokens kuende tokens and kuende points: the kuende token (kue) will generated during our initial coin offering (ico) utility token created for anyone that believes and supports our vision. will also influence the number kuende points user can earn engaging and interacting with the challenges module. the kuende points (kp) will obtained and used any kuende users within the platform. its main purpose and utility act in-app currency that rewards users for their active involvement and usage the kuende environment well for participating real-world events. both kue and will erc tokens, issued the ethereum blockchain. more detailed description about both tokens and their uses cases, can found later the whitepaper (see chapter: kuende's micro-economy). fully grasp the possibilities kuende, must explain detail the idea and concept the gamified challenge and how the key increasing real-world socialization: challenges the foundation kuende the gamified real-world challenge. most challenges will involve physical location and action actions taken that location. every challenge created such way that users receive entertainment from the experience, hence the term "gamified". given the infinite possibilities locations, hobbies, skills and actions that can taken the real world, kuende challenges have the potential create limitless fun and engaging social interactions. what's more, the demand for challenges has already been proven with the popularity the ice bucket challenge, harlem shake and pokemon go. these challenges were overnight sensations due their broad appeal and viral nature. for example, the ice bucket challenge was started online and involved many different groups, but was brought popularity when arrived t.v., showing that internet culture can directly impact what happens our real-world lives. ultimately, generated roughly million donations the als association the summer kuende will certainly host such mainstream challenges, but our core focus will interest-specific challenges targeted specific groups people. kuende whitepaper september connecting people with similar interests and tastes the real world, are helping create healthy real-life connections. this maximizes the social impact the kuende system and helps offset the damage traditional social media. these challenges, whether interest-specific broad-appeal will fall into four major categories: social social challenges will combine online socialization with physical socialization fun and creative ways. foresee them centering around niche-based interests, hobbies and activities, such meeting museum, speed dating events, coffee shop hosting challenges encouraging people meet new friends, learning new skill that inherently social, such singing making pottery. personal development studies show that millennials and generation value their personal development more than other generations. believe some this comes from the envy that social media inspires. when young people see others their peer group show off their superior physical appearance, wealth intelligence, can cause painful feelings inadequacy. these feelings are then funneled into deep-seated perfectionism, which then leads procrastination and further despair. with kuende, young people are instead challenged get out their comfort zone and into world personal improvement and motivation, often tackling challenges learning skills together. entertainment anticipate most the challenges kuende will created for the main purpose entertainment. while others will have element fun added the mix. just some the activities can imagine are: movies, music festivals, competitive games, outdoor hobbies and augmented reality games like pokemon go. philanthropic philanthropic challenges are wonderful way nurture sense trust and community within our platform. they gather users around social, cultural, political environmental issues. and, they allow users feel what it's like make difference their community. this only brief, mile-high view the possible applications kuende. now let's look the various types challenges kuende will host: community-created challenges the bulk challenges our platform will created the community. kuende will provide all users, influencers, and businesses with clear guidelines for appropriate challenges, focusing safety and being appropriate, while trying our best not limit restrict content. envision six main types challenges: private, community, contest, event, sponsored, and augmented reality (ar) private challenges these are between friends and family. they can take the form any the challenges below with the one difference being that they can only viewed friends family. kuende whitepaper september community challenges the most open-ended type challenge. these will range from philanthropic (picking trash your city) cooperative (coaching little league games with friends) entertaining (hosting pool party). anticipate most challenges will this category. contest challenges for those who thrive competition, this category will godsend. the creator contest challenge can choose have reward pool available winners. contest challenges will bring the best out from the participants and they may very from different sports challenges that enhance the artistic and creative spirit. the contest challenges are also great tool for businesses scout and select the best talents. the local driving range could hold golf competition see who has the best range form, with freebies helping reach new potential customers even finding new trainers. similar talent-seeking groups could include competitions local bars coffee shops for bartenders and baristas, even hackathons for companies find new programming talent. event challenges any challenge revolving around physical time and place will event challenge. anticipate this category will filled with outdoor activities like bike riding and hiking indoor activities like conferences, hackathons, gaming tournaments and more. event challenges will compelling way encourage attendance someone's event. sponsored challenges sponsored challenge one organized influencers businesses engage more interactive and fun way with their audiences. companies can use these challenges encourage people try new product, meet new location for "grand opening" themed challenge, take photos videos using product service the real world, scavenger hunts for coupons, and much more. contest, event, and community challenges can also sponsored challenges when they are managing and rewards are provided specific influencer business account. kuende will become service for blockchain-based businesses that can used challenge their audiences and have access all the communication and social media features, without companies having develop their own platform. rewards, blockchain-based businesses can distribute their own token the participants. challenges this where the real fun begins! augmented reality link between the real world and the virtual world. pokemon probably the most well-known example ar. microsoft hololens another that slowly gaining users. foresee being mainstream the near future. kuende will set ride this popularity curve thanks our challenges. kuende whitepaper september the mixed nature challenges any challenge any category can also take characteristics from other categories. for example, company might sponsor challenge get more people come their establishment increase sales. address this mixed nature our platform, kuende will employ tagging system that will allow users easily sort, find and understand the challenges available them online their local area. kuende-created challenges kuende will also create series challenges designed improve the use our service. kuendecreated challenges will allow learn about our users, show users how use our service and help users learn more about themselves setting personal goals and meeting personal challenges. getting know kuende the kuende system will work based its knowledge users' interests and personalities. this, needs learn about the users. our "getting know kuende" challenges are designed for just this purpose. the user challenged complete basic questions about themselves. and return, they receive kuende points kp), which are explained greater detail following section. addition kuende learning about the user, the user must learn about kuende. the user will challenged use new feature within kuende, take tutorial our features. this too will earn them kuende points. personal challenges these challenges represent major bridge user's journey from online offline. this the point where user goes from treating kuende like traditional social media system using means engage fun real world social activities with friends, family and future friends. will include daily, weekly, monthly and weekend challenges generated the system encourage interaction between users and their friends and family. proof mechanisms every challenge requires "proof" completion. most will require nothing more than simple video picture. proof will easily viewable and validated the kuende community. and since kuende will generously reward (in kp) anyone reporting fraudulent proof, the system will robust dealing with these issues its own. what's more, some challenges can auto-validated. take for example event challenges. these can easily proven using the gps feature modern cell phones. when user-validation and auto-validation aren't possible, plan using trusted parties and partners aid confirming user participation. kuende whitepaper september examples challenges help demonstrate the infinite variety challenges possible kuende, we've built some examples and are presenting them the way that users will see them our platform. example the reunion hours ago sponsored by: every saturday, the ipsx team will organize networking event for our community each our headquarters and offices around the world. really believe that the power sharing can change the world. rules: there are spots available for each our locations. order participate and win ipsx tokens, all you have check-in, share your for least minutes and post screenshot with the proof. hurry and book your spot! type: sponsored challenge location: ipsx kuende whitepaper september duration: saturday, winner(s): all participants example join the picnic marathon! hours ago who doesn't love picnics! there something special about this challenge...it takes normal picnic that brings only few your close friends together and turns into community event! so, join in! you, your close ones, your friends, your friends' friends... everybody! rules: everybody must bring blanket and picnic basket with them. then, show off short video you post kuende with check-in victoria park. have fun and make some new friends! type: community challenge location: victoria park duration: this weekend winner(s): all participants kuende whitepaper september example stories good story reading hours ago reading reduces stress, improves analytical thinking, increases vocabulary, memory and writing skills. but doesn't enhance your social spectrum. does it?! meet your friends the nearest park, your favorite coffee shop, and unleash the characters the story from your favorite book! rules: all participants have the same book and decide who reads which chapter. check-in and post -minute video presenting the events the chapter you read. together, you must tell the whole story, make sure you and your friends post the videos the right order. reading was never social? we'll see about that! type: personal challenge location: kuende whitepaper september duration: this weekend winner(s): all participants example night the museum hours ago culture and education are what stand for....we believe that when learning fun, amazing things happen! this challenge asks you bring your friends one the most immersive experiences ever created for educational purpose. join the national history museum learn about history, art, science and archeology. make sure you show everybody how much fun you had! rules: every participant gets character and discovers its history and engages its world following the pieces stories hidden the partner museum. complete the story together and verify with the museum guide and you got right, you and your friends receive the character personalized badges created for you! type: challenge location: national history museum duration: sunday, winner(s): all participants keep mind, coming with challenges very easy when you are interested certain niche. not easy when you are brainstorming for the sake brainstorming. this because the organic, bottom-up nature challenges. after all, who could have predicted the harlem shake? regardless how much try, our ideas will always pale comparison the real challenges the community will come with its own. achievements badges further encourage the completion challenges, will create hundreds achievements and badges that users can then unlock depending their level engagement and the way they interact with the community. eventually, will allow companies create branded badges that can used promote their campaigns and encourage users participate. badges can have multiple designs and iterations, from completely new branded badges upgrades standard badges for special partner events. companies will able award their custom badges automatically upon challenge completion well kuende whitepaper september key players the kuende ecosystem before move talk about the kuende microeconomy, need touch briefly the three types accounts within kuende. users participant the kuende community who may may not have kue stake. users can create, vote and participate challenges. they can also post content, join and manage groups and make purchases the kuende shop. influencers user who has become influencer due their popularity (at least subscribers) who has registered influencer. register influencer the onset requires submitting proof "celebrity" status. they can organize sponsored challenges and receive payment for doing from businesses the form kp. businesses account linked official business. they use the platform's features means promotion communication tools. these accounts also require proper proof submitted upon signing up. all these profiles can interact between them and use kuende points means incentivisation: the incentivized interactions are designed increase the visibility challenges which are most engaging and rewarding the community. with everyone doing their part, kuende will become fluid and exciting network for all. kuende whitepaper september blockchain the way forward blockchain technology already disrupting the financial industry and has the potential revolutionize the way most existing tech operates. the power decentralized, open and encrypted blockchain has sparked new wave enthusiasm tech community, and kuende foresees many new and exciting use cases that promote more open economy and society. all these features that characterize blockchain technology have brought fresh perspective within the kuende platform. therefore, our future development focused finding the best ways incorporating it, for the benefit our users. gamified approach social media interaction already deeply embedded into the inner workings the network. adopting technology designed around game theory principles fits perfectly into the kuende concept. how blockchain technology represents the missing piece required for kuende power it's tokenized microeconomy and ensure fair and transparent incentivization its user base. blockchain natural progression for the kuende platform generate greater user interaction while keeping data secure and safe. incentivize challenge creation and participation our existing user base kuende.com has proven that symbolic rewards, such bonus points, generate engagement and loyalty within the community. however, believe there room scale these rewards and their delivery with true value instead symbolic one. the kuende team has monitored the emergence blockchain-powered tokens and see brand-new horizon explore within our reward system. therefore, will using blockchain upgrade the kpoints (used bonus points) tokens real value that will increase our network's reach and influence. with kunde's interest-based challenges being the center point our platform, need ensure diverse flow challenges. given the number different interests, would extremely difficult for kuende alone continuously supply diversity. this, along with the need creating system that allowed the community curate challenges, led designing token that, relying the blockchain, incentivizes and encourages our users, businesses, influencers and our partners take more direct ownership the creation challenges. blockchain the simplest system see help strengthen the value challenges users and businesses, while continue curate them transparent and reliable way that ensures all contributions are rewarded accordingly. blockchain the safest path valuable rewards and clear, demonstrable system validate reward delivery. kuende whitepaper september moreover, truly believe that blockchain technology the future everything digital. hope kuende will become vehicle for widespread adoption this technology within our young demographic. blockchain guided our user focus after thorough analysis both the strong points and limitations various blockchain technologies, and considering the nature the product, the main concerns for choosing viable solution were: user fee for microtransactions large volume transaction per second users should not experience transaction validation delay having transaction fees and supporting high transaction volume are key factors take into consideration when designing user-friendly ecosystem. therefore, analyzed the blockchain solutions that use either distributed proof stake (dpos) delegated byzantine fault tolerance (dbft) method consensus. unfortunately, the existing solutions have massive trade-offs either technological maturity decentralization governance. concluded that the risks associated with the external factors are too high these circumstances. also, though some projects presented great appeal, they are little more than proposals the moment. kuende's development roadmap shouldn't dependent future releases other projects. our analysis concluded that cannot rely mere promises this time. need robust solution. the kuende users and their experience are our top priority. for that reason, the time being cannot broadcast all the transactions that happen kuende the blockchain. focusing the quality that kuende delivers its end users made embrace the tokenized gamification model for the challenge framework. with that being said, are this moment constrained scalability limitations existing solutions, will approach the following -steps strategy: kuende whitepaper september using ethereum our custom internal ledger the first step has already started few months ago and its main goal develop unique on-chain/offchain solution that uses both the ethereum blockchain and our own open-source, internal ledger. this way can fastly enable our users engage with working solution and make use the tokens within the platform short time after the ico over. the fast hybrid release going provide invaluable insights for the second step, allowing calibrate the mechanics our future fully on-chain economy according real user behavior. our tendermint based blockchain zone the internet blockchains cosmos network wholeheartedly want embrace the true potential blockchain technology, the best long term solution develop our own blockchain while users can join and become parts the governance. this will offer the flexibility building custom solution focused our very specific needs, such enabling our users interact with the blockchain without prior technical knowledge. the same time, building our own blockchain, there trade-off terms privacy, security performance that must done. kuende whitepaper september thanks the amazing work that the guys tendermint have done, can focus developing only the application specific logic and invest time the mechanics the network and consensus part that any blockchain relies on. tendermint core byzantine fault tolerant (bft) middleware that takes state transition machine written any programming language and securely replicates many machines. other words, blockchain. with tendermint our core and with the internet blockchains mind, kuende will one the pioneer zones the cosmos ecosystem, and the first all-in-one social media within the cosmos hub. cosmos launch pad for new cryptocurrencies, upgrades existing cryptocurrencies, innovation decentralized applications and platform for smart contracts. cosmos goes beyond single distributed ledger, paving the way for free market "internet blockchains". developers can use this technology create their own blockchain compete complement the cosmos hub. this will allow kuende seamlessly interact with other blockchains that are part the network well with external chains too (eg. bitcoin, ethereum). having this seamless way interacting with other chains, kuende can easily provide businesses that use blockchain technology with way challenge and reward their audiences not only with kuende's tokens, but with their own tokens well. points trust have developed the following points trust make in-platform transactions transparent and safe possible: core elements our internal ledger will fully open-source and all transactions that involve kue will listed publicly. this way, preserve the transparency decentralized solution and allow anyone the possibility tracking transactions, while also preserving individual user privacy. every part our solution contains anti-fraud security checks that ensure the economy cannot tampered with without triggering alarms. more details how ensure the integrity and security our microeconomy can found the security chapter. kuende whitepaper september kuende's microeconomy kuende tokens kuende points the kuende ecosystem must strong enough support healthy and prosperous microeconomy. optimizing this economy and empowering the kuende stakeholders take active role maintaining and growing this ecosystem requires strong, platform-dependent system incentivization and engagement. the platform's ecosystem relies two tokens with different use cases, designed support and scale complex ecosystem: tokens design kuende token (kue) kue erc token and has finite supply. the kue used measure commitment users have the kuende ecosystem. the number kue users own the platform determine the amount reward they can gain when engaging with some the kuende features. some kuende features, like creating voting challenges, are only available for kue owners. kuende whitepaper september receiving kuende tokens after the ico, kuende users can only receive kue from the community pool. support and encourage new users engage with the platform, each one will receive kue when completing "getting know kuende" challenges (more details regarding kue and community pool's distribution can found chapter: token supply distribution). also, kue can earned users who participate challenges organized kuende prizes kuende games. using kue the third quarter after kuende will integrate blockchain technology and deploy its tokenized microeconomy, any kue holder will able use their tokens to: create challenges: challenge creators must stake small percent their kue publish the challenge. this measure designed prevent low quality content and spamming. the challenge isn't flagged inappropriate the community, the creator's stake returned them. there will limit the number challenges user can create within certain timeframe. each creator can increase this limit based his track record. this will represented achievement that will level depending the success (number participants and votes) each created challenge. challenge gets flagged inappropriate, the creator will lose her stake and levels from the achievement the creation phase, users must add detailed description explain the purpose and the outcome the challenge. also, the creator must select the type, period and rules the challenge. some targeting options and features, like adding extra tags challenge, will require more kue. after challenge created, will published the challenges feed and can start receiving votes. vote for challenges: when voting, users can choose how much their kue balance they wish allocate power that particular challenge. every user given maximum votes with full power, per day. full power vote means that you allocate your kue when voting challenge. given the fact that users may like one challenge more than other challenges, and order not force them only vote with full power, they can choose vote with predefined percentage their kue. for example, user may make votes with votes with power. the amount kue used when voting will determine how many will received from the challenge reward pool (more this will explained chapter: receiving kuende points engaging with challenges) participate challenges: the creator challenge has the option requiring participants have certain amount kue their balance. this might done ensure participants are serious about their kuende experience. kuende whitepaper september delegate kue: kue holders will able delegate their kue other users for use their behalf. this helpful for both parties. kue holders without the time use the platform can still influence the platform. and users who don't hold kue, but want engage with challenges, can finding kue lender. both parties earn from the deal. when applying delegate, the kue "borrower" will negotiate with the kue holder regarding the percentage winnings will receive and how much the kue holder will receive. addition, the kue holder can delegate his kue more than one user (e.g. has kue can delegate user and user b). kuende token use cases optional kuende points (kp) erc utility token and will managed using annual controlled inflation model (details yet announced). it's purpose measure the social value something within the kuende platform. this can include (but not limited to) challenge, piece content item the kshop. the first year's worth will generated when the first kue enters the platform and will .... trillion). receiving kuende points kuende's mission delivering its vision tokenized, gamified, fair and secure social media platform best served the creation and implementation the means incentivizing users engage with the platform and each other, not only the digital space but also real life. kuende whitepaper september have designed set rules meant ensure the kickstart kuende's microeconomy and healthy future growth. users get relative two aspects their kuende usage: engaging with challenges reward pools after challenge has ended, different reward pools will created depending the type each challenge and the rules set its creator: challenge reward pool: this pool designed incentivize the creator and the voters, and calculated based the following formula: total votes total participants (who sent the proof participating) the challenge reward pool distributed follows: creator voters (proportional with their allocated kue) kuende vision pool here example: bill created challenge has received votes from: ana who voted with kue bob who voted with kue jane who voted with kue people subscribed the challenge, but only participated (and sent proof) the challenge reward pool will then be: (votes) (participants) bill, the creator will receive the voters will receive kp. kue (total voting power) kp, then: ana will receive bob will receive jane will receive the kuende vision pool will distributed kuende vision pool small percentage (%) all the generated reward for challenges will redirected towards public pool kp. kuende will propose and submit community voting, initiatives that align with its vision. philanthropic, social environmental. the winning initiative will funded after the vision pool reaches certain amount kp. kuende whitepaper september participant reward pool: this pool will distributed between all the users who have participated challenges that are not designed contest challenges have winner(s). the participant reward pool decided, the end each challenge, based its level engagement (loe). the loe represent the total number participants and organized different thresholds: loe between participants loe between participants loe between participants [...] the number each loe will generate calculated based the following formula: (n+) where the loe. this means that: loe will generate (+) loe will generate (+) loe will generate (+) [...] here example: challenge, had subscribed, but only had participated participants fits loe and will generate participant reward pool each participant will receive (kp) (participants) contest reward pool: the contest challenges are designed competitive and, depending their rules, have one more winners. the contest reward pool distributed the winner(s) based the following formula: total votes total participants here example: jane created challenge and set the reward pool split the top participants (based the number votes) the challenge received votes and had participants the contest reward pool will then be: (votes) (participants) the end the challenge, each the first most voted participants will get kuende whitepaper september bonus pool incentivization for participants, the contest challenge creators can add additional the contest reward pool, from their own balance. top that, kuende will add more. here example: bob created challenge and added reward pool, which will won the most voted participant kuende will add more, the total bonus pool will be: the challenge received votes and had participants the contest reward pool will then be: (votes) (participants) the end the challenge, the winner will get: (bonus pool) (contest reward pool) buy-in reward pool: some challenges will require participants contribute with certain amount entry fee. the sum all collected will form what's called the buy-in reward pool, from which the creator will rewarded. contest challenge, the buy-in reward pool will distributed between the winner(s) and creator. receiving completing any one the following actions: random connection feature creating content moderating challenges content ("true detective") daily bonus game leaderboards getting subscribers business sponsorships random connection: users can receive for connecting with others that share their interest, not only within the platform but also real life. checking-in and tagging another kuende user will generate for both users. this feature designed help connect users that, although not yet connected in-platform, have been shown have similar interests. creating content: any community member exploring kuende's discovery feed has the option tip the creator they enjoyed the content. this encourages the creation more content the topic related. not just from the user who wrote the content, but from other users who see the demand for that style content and want earn from their own expertise. moderating challenges content ("true detective"): kuende's mission provide high-quality social media product and the realization this mission strongly correlated the quality the content posted. kuende whitepaper september every social platform must deal with spam, inappropriate content, bullying and manipulation algorithms. control this, global moderation team always needed. with kuende, have such team our users. we've created reporting system call "true detective". this system rewards users with when they report any content that deemed harmful the kuende community. daily bonus: every three days consecutive daily activity rewarded kuende with the choice three treasure chests containing reward. this meant encourage more engagement the platform and keep user participation high. game leaderboards: every kuende game will include its own leaderboard. rewards will distributed weekly/monthly basis the players that are the top the leaderboard. getting subscribers: influencers can earn having users monthly subscribe their channel. the users receive special rights and abilities the influencer's chat room along with exclusive content from the influencer. business sponsorship: influencers can also earn from businesses for organizing sponsored challenge behalf the business. kuende points ways earn kuende whitepaper september using kuende points users can use their the platform for: paying challenge entry fee tipping content creators buying from the kuende shop (kshop) promoting content creating sponsored challenges acquiring premium subscriptions making in-game purchases challenge entry fee: some challenges will require participants contribute (buy-in) with certain amount entry fee. tips for content creators: user enjoys piece content the kuende discovery feed, they can tip the creator. this shows appreciation and influences the creation more content the topic related. kshop: developing the kshop will provide users with marketplace where they can trade their for kuende digital goods, only available the kuende platform, such as: access exclusive features. media filters customize their videos and photos. invitations events organized kuende kmotes (we already have over emojis sorted into different packs) sfx voice changing filters for voice messages. custom chat backgrounds promote content: business profiles need allocate each post that they want promote the discovery feed. the amount allocated each post will differ according desired reach and the popularity that niche. create sponsored challenges: business profiles can create sponsored challenges and reward the participating users. businesses can establish the rules the challenge: the proof participating, prizes, the number participants how many winners will get rewarded. premium subscriptions: users can subscribe influencers paying small amount per month. they are rewarded with exclusive content, notifications and subscriber only emojis. they also have special rights and abilities the influencer's chat room. you can think this the subscriber feature twitch. com supporting artists through services like patreon.com. kuende whitepaper september in-game purchases: are currently developing three games, designed further engage and entertain our users. all them will used catalysts for offline interaction, through various methods that will incentivize user cooperation and participation related offline events. users can use obtain boosters that will give slight advantage games, customize layouts, heroes items buy-in different tournaments and private rooms (e.g. players participate competitive, skilled based game. the buy-in kp. the top players will share the total prize pool). kuende points token's use cases kuende whitepaper september financial model revenue streams the kuende network will generate revenue from variety sources. these include but may not limited to: sponsored challenges through sponsored challenges, businesses can make use kuende's interest-based user segmentation engage their ideal audience and increase their reputation. businesses have three options when creating sponsored challenges maximize their roi: targeted groups: after creating sponsored challenge, business may contact group admin and propose pinned the top the group. challenges feed: business owner, after creating sponsored challenge, may boost the challenge the top this feed for increased visibility. influencer: business can incentivize influencers engage their audience participate the sponsored challenge. this requires that the influencer's audience relevant the challenge's niche. promoted content the advertising system will focus targeting users that have opted-in receive advertisements. this will according predetermined criteria such demographics, location, and segmented interests. business accounts will have access the tools required for increasing their content visibility and target groups and influencers which provide audience that matches their criteria. in-app kshop purchases users will able make in-app purchases such emoji and sticker packs, high quality backgrounds and other customized items. users that play our games will have the option purchase bonuses, boosters and perks. business partners kuende will make strategic business partnerships that will fuse our challenge-centric platform with other platforms. these partnerships will primarily involve the integration partner's products and services into kuende's challenges, prize for completing kuende challenges. kuende whitepaper september initial coin offering (ico) believe the token model the future global finance and are excited part it. normal, everyday people now have chance invest company idea the very beginning. just three years ago, this would have been impossible due the insider-only nature wall street ipos. but now, companies like kuende, which owe everything their community users, can raise money the most democratic, fair and open way. the way should be. kuende will raise the capital need during our initial coin offering, which has begun july st, token supply distribution upon completion the ico, more kue tokens will issued. after distribution, the kue will locked until when the kue can introduced and used the kuende platform. total token supply: ... kue eth kue hard cap: $.. (will set eth once the whitelist period over) soft cap (reached): $.. eth) (if the soft cap not reached, all the funds raised will returned back each ico participant) whitelisting ending date: october, public sale period: october november, upon completion the ico, the kuende team will make use kue manner believe ensures the long-term health the kuende community. after much discussion and planning with our team and advisers, have decided use the following allocations: ico kue token distribution upon completion the ico, the kuende team will use kue manner believe ensures the long-term health the kuende community. after much discussion and planning with our team and advisers, have decided use the following allocations: kuende whitepaper september token sale the tokens will distributed the kuende supporters exchange for eth. call this our token sale. the ethereum raised will used our operating capital the manner detailed the "use funds" section below. during the ico will swap kue for eth. the unsold tokens, will burned after the ico has finished. founders team vested the tokens will available the kuende founders and development team. each team member will receive part their compensation package kue. proof commitment our team and ensure market stability, these tokens will vested according graduated -month schedule. partners advisers vested will distributed kuende partners and advisers. these tokens will vested months. bounty campaigns will allocated for the bounty campaigns. this will include airdrops, bug bounties and different actions that showcase the proof commitment our supporters. campaigns details and rules will announced soon the formats are decided. community pool tokens will added our community pool. the community pool has the role sustaining its bonus system, especially during the sensitive, early adoption period, which user acquisition efforts should kickstart the platform's ecosystem and gather its native user base. this funding source will use increase engagement among our users, follows: will used reward early-adopters. soon kuende launches the challenge framework users will receive kue for completing the "getting know kuende" challenges. once the has been depleted, the early-adopter phase will over. after that, completing "getting know kuende" challenges will only result receiving kp. will used additional incentivization such bounties, challenge rewards and game prizes. kuende whitepaper september use funds after swapping our kue tokens for eth, kuende will have certain quantity capital ether. these funds will used strategic way develop kuende's technology and vision hybrid onlineoffline social media platform. our currently planned allocation represented and detailed below: use funds research development (r&d) the rate change technology today staggering. any organization that wants remain relevant, must invest sufficient funds find and test new ideas. this includes: product planning, development, research and technical implementation trials. events and hackathons discover talented developers and grow our team. marketing while kuende will benefit greatly from word-of-mouth marketing due its social nature, business can thrive without healthy marketing budget. kuende will rely heavily marketing campaigns order kickstart user acquisition and penetrate new markets. advertising (online and offline) community focused: attend and organize different industry events organize challenges and contests real, physical items such kuende badges for users who reached milestone achievement. influencer celebrity endorsements kuende whitepaper september overhead operational costs are the keystone any business and kuende makes exception requires smooth administration order focus delivering the best product and exceeding our user's expectations. servers party development tools administrative costs operational costs legal business development also related technical change the ability adapt the marketplace. potential competitors and partners come and and need the assets necessary maneuver ourselves accordingly. this will include: mergers and acquisitions that allow multiply our reach capabilities overnight. purchasing competing product, product that complements kuende, can almost instantly increase our company's value. strategic partnerships with businesses open source communities that align with our vision for kuende. investing steady resources into joint venture development, will greatly enhance kuende's growth and reputation. security security, especially when comes digital products that handle the daily interactions individuals very important. take the security and safety our users very seriously. the ethereum blockchain, which are based on, has shown very secure. however, feel must take every additional step possible ensure the safety our users. will use these funds to: conduct third party security audits every six months and before every major release new features modules. host bug bounty program reward white-hat hackers for finding vulnerabilities and reporting them us. kuende whitepaper september product roadmap where we've been, where are going our beginning kuende has come long way since its start that's when pavel antohe, our ceo, had the initial idea for hybrid social network that would enhance person's social life instead replacing it. pavel spent year refining the idea kuende and invested his entire life savings into getting minimally viable product created. his work paid off and everything seemed come together. kuende attracted pre-seed investment and successfully launched beta product that quickly started gain users. also saw the formation the initial kuende team, including, most notably, our current cfo, dan "teddy" tudor, who was our initial investor and teodor "tony" pripoae, our cto and lead developer. building that momentum, started gamify the platform and users began earning symbolic "kuende points" means incentivize them. also launched our mobile apps for ios and android. our vision became reality, more investors joined the table, and raised total million usd. are proud our past successes. especially considering that many our features were completed ahead time, proving our team's commitment, drive and capabilities.. from the very beginning, have aligned together different mindset, that became and will continue unique approach realizing one kuende's core values: letting our imagination run free! but there still much work done. the final kuende product will incorporate complex system modules. some the most important ones being: challenges creation framework advertising framework marketplace (kshop) in-app purchases influencer business profiles module interest-based groups games hit these future milestone targets well did our past ones, need the support our users and investors move forward. "it's been years and haven't yet heard one single colleague our now team members say that they are coming just their job! are grateful every single day that have the opportunity have fun, work making our dreams reality, and transform our brainstorming sessions into innovative functionalities." pavel antohe, ceo kuende kuende whitepaper september kuende's most important milestones pre-seed investment kuende.com (alpha version) seed investment ..$ mobile apps (alpha) implemented gamification kuende.com mobile apps (beta) challenge framework (/) web mobile security audit blockchain integration (/) prepare ico ico website whitepaper gdpr full compliance (/) gdpr full compliance (/) security audit future development over the past three and half years, kuende has come long way, and has established organization based visionary idea, technologically impressive execution and team that over delivers. are very confident we'll able continue this track-record move forward with the following milestones: q-q anti-fraud mechanism deposit kue into the platform generate challenge framework (/) launched ico cosmos integration (/) security audit gdpr full compliance (/) challenge framework (/) challenge framework (/) testnet kue and integrate with civic (for kyc procedures) security audit encrypted messages blockchain integration (/) kuende game blockchain integration (/) launched the bounty campaigns q-q influencer profile api for challenge creators cosmos integration (/) kuende game interest based groups business profiles group challenges sponsored challenges live stream ad-related mechanisms kshop (digital goods) challenges start testing revenue streams kuende whitepaper july tip content creators check-in feature kshop (in-app purchases donations) overview our existing, traditional social media features even though kuende focused encouraging real-world socialization, simply could not have the impact aspire without having the standard features social media users have come expect. this end, have designed user-friendly interface and developed features that are easy use any social media consumer. this will allow intuitive adoption and retention for users that are not familiar with the blockchain technology. these are some the modules that are already developed and available for use kuende.com. social profiles our version facebook twitter kuende allows for complete control over how you organize your social life. you can combine friends with family coworkers with classmates. the choice yours. each group receives only the posts and updates you choose share with them specifically. music player our version last.fm kuende's music player allows users search and listen their favorite artist's tracks. they can create their own playlists stream while navigating the app! content feed our version steemit the discovery feed self-moderating content feed anyone can contribute to. content "discovered" via our interest-based targeting algorithms. users are rewarded for quality content through kuende points donations. dynamic chat our version facebook messenger our chat system feature-complete and already connecting people all over the world. users can choose from desktop version well mobile version within our kuende app (ios and android). kuende whitepaper september security the more people transition their offline actions, processes routines into the digital realm, the more vulnerable they are internet fraud, hacking, spyware and other malevolent actions. the more incidents occur the cryptoworld, leading loss capital, the more reticent people are about investing, even when the team associated with the project has outstanding track record. therefore, decided not only pay extreme carefulness this matter, but transparent possible regarding the specific actions take ensuring that neither our investors, nor the product and its users will impacted security issues. token distribution every month, cyber-criminals grow smarter and more bolder. this especially true the area cryptocurrency distribution. offset this trend, and protect their users, any organization planning using blockchain technology transfer value, must make security top priority. kuende, have organized team focus solely token distribution security. specifically, this team will: enhance awareness within the community the proper methods cryptocurrency investing. monitor and filter links blockchain addresses which may posted community portals like telegram, slack, etc. this ensure our users don't fall victim browser hacks (in the case links) phishing scams (in the case addresses). monitor third-party platforms for deceptive ads (google, facebook, etc.) and scam websites that might have used black-hat seo tactics make themselves google for certain terms related kuende. monitor third-party communities (reddit, bitcointalk) for deceptive posts attempts fraud. beyond this task force, all kuende team members, matter their degree access, follow very strict protocols regard the ecosystem. this keeps the attack surface minimum. any software create that interacts with users' tokens controlled with very strict software development life cycle procedure. this ensures each change carefully reviewed and tested before being deployed. moreover, the kuende platform and applications are reviewed each year cyber security specialists. during this procedure, all code changes the previous year are subject code review. kuende whitepaper september gdpr pioneers: privacy security design social network, kuende works with large spectrum user data. believe user data akin each user's personal property the online environment. kuende dedicated protecting this property, and the users' rights, from any potential threats. understood the need for privacy the digital environment the early development stages the kuende platform and designed with the highest privacy standards default. the gdpr (general data protection regulation) compliance therefore natural evolution for kuende. the past year, our development team has split their focus between delivering new features and making sure are compliant with the gdpr. this split will continue move forward our roadmap. all user data processed kuende based informed consent the user. kuende aims fair and transparent about the information collects about the way the platform used its users. young people, and among them minor children, are the heart the vision have kuende. for their protection, have implemented signup process that requires prior express parental permission for the creation minor's social profile. addition, have processes place that allow assess, protect and respond data privacy threats they arise. the economy's well being perhaps the most vital security area all our approach ensuring the integrity our micro-economy. while much the security kuende founded the work done the ethereum blockchain developers, our own work could potentially introduce holes and vulnerabilities our platform. therefore, strive guarantee the integrity our system ensuring: discrepancies entity can create discrepancy between the internal ledger and the actual number issued tokens there double spending accomplish this, the algorithms that deal with transactions contain carefully positioned safety checks, making sure there, point time, can any bogus transaction. minimize damage end-user being compromised the eventuality end-user being compromised, the damage minimized not absent reversible. kuende whitepaper september the kuende team core members kuende currently has total specialists working full time see the team's vision turned each member tasked with building and optimizing specific part the kuende community business model. have supreme confidence everyone involved with kuende. have gone great lengths build young and dynamic team, and are proud say has paid off! showcased below are some the key the members our management and development team: pavel antohe ceo founder vision leadership pavel entrepreneur with four years experience leading kuende. alumnus blackbox.vc, google-backed startup incubator and best known for kick-starting innovation while getting the best out the people leads. his drive, energy and passion are known inspire motivation and focus those around him. the visionary behind kuende, studies and forecasts the trends social media see opportunities before any our competitors do. and maybe his most important quality, has the ability instantly see features from the user's perspective. this gives the team visible goal work toward and roadmap judge their success creating the kuende vision. legend has that has kuende's logo tattooed his heart. dan "teddy" tudor cfo co-founder experience teddy has over years' experience business development, finance, and management. was our first investor and because his love for the kuende vision, joined the team senior manager oversee daily operations. his work varied and covers all the vital areas including legal, accounting, financial and acquisitions. without teddy, kuende would not where today. legend has that friends call him wikibusinesspedia. kuende whitepaper september teodor "tony" pripoae cto co-founder architecture tony software developer with eight years experience. our lead developer, oversees our entire development plan. most notably, one the pioneers ruby rails, which makes him magnet for high quality developers and allows kuende recruit talent simply mentioning his presence here. his focus coding and designing backend architectures built for scalability and security. legend has that each his hands can write different code the same time. mihnea "rafa" rafailescu cdo co-founder design rafa has more than eight years experience web design. his passion for design and gaming has always lead innovative ideas for our different user interfaces. and his work-ethic has motivated the entire team more and over deliver much they can. fact, industrious, somehow also finds the time study computer video games the school arts media the university salford international. legend has that can tell you the rgb pixel from mile away. daniel "hertz" bugarin ciso security daniel has almost nine years experience, working both software development and information security. led world-famous security contest team, penthackon, finishing the world joined after leading the security efforts emag, one the largest e-commerce companies eastern europe. his sharp security skills, his keen interest business development and his native analytical skill used for providing practical ideas regard any vision made him valuable member the team. legend has that has vulnerability. kuende whitepaper september alexandru tache senior software engineer scalability alex has more than eight years experience software development and scalability. was site reliability engineer for google cloud persistent disk and intern the google production security team. all that experience google building ultra-reliable and scalable systems has been gold-mine for kuende. always seems instantly know the best long-term approach solve any technical problem with minimum cost. legend has that once touches platform, has sla. razvan carstea lead mobile developer versatility razvan has over six years experience mobile app development. his expertise creating highperformance, secure cross-platform apps. and since kuende real-world social "people mobilization" platform, rely heavily his skills reach our final release. legend has that it's degrees and non-stop coffee, won't ever stop coding. cosmin rusu senior software engineer logic cosmin has over five years experience software engineer. during his time google, worked developing and optimizing the algorithm that powers google photos. now uses his google experience bring kuende the cutting edge algorithms and optimized backend computation. legend has that took part writing the first ever equation. kuende whitepaper september advisors charlie shrem founder bitcoin foundation blockchain bitcoin legend charlie founder the bitcoin foundation (vice-chairman and worked the standardization, protection and promotion bitcoin. specifically, charlie led the partnerships and mergers fundacion bitcoin argentina, bitcoin embassy canada, and bitcoin association australia, making sure all local bitcoin communities have global resources and mentoring. co--founder and former ceo bitinstant llc, early bitcoin start--up that provided secure, fast and convenient way globally buying and selling bitcoin, charlie led the company during its infancy innovate and provide services aligned with the needs the fast--growing bitcoin community. currently, charlie has taken business development role the award-winning international online payment platform payza. fadi bishara founder blackbox.vc silicon valley mentor connector the founder ceo blackbox, silicon valley-based nonprofit working elevate entrepreneurs across the globe. throughout the last years was active connector, effectively matching talented technology entrepreneurs silicon valley with venture capital needs across the globe. fadi also and angel investor, mentor business partner international startup accelerators such communitech, nasscom, seedcamp, rockstart, numa, ibeta, startupbootcamp, startupchile, enterprise estonia, etc. frequent speaker incubators accelerator, tech innovation startup conferences, education initiatives and related economic development policy discussions around the world. kuende whitepaper september aurel iancu cto dokia capital blockchain advocate specialist aurel entrepreneur since activating the industry. starting late decided join the global blockchain community and gave all projects involved that time. aurel iancu also consultant for european blockchain consultancy firm based bucharest, romania. being one the early adopters and advocates for ethereum, has successfully lead the operations for building and launching gpu mining facility. currently the cto and digital asset manager for dokia capital and also validator one the most expected blockchain projects cosmos that will allow different blockchains interoperate with each other. michael kimelman cofounder cryptoiq cryptopreneur and bestselling author michael kimelman graduate lafayette college and the university southern california law school. formerly associate sullivan cromwell, was the founder managing partner incremental capital, new york based hedge fund. seasoned hedge fund executive and cryptopreneur. mike co-founded and writes for crypto.iq, publishing and advisory firm offering unique expertise combining unparalleled knowledge both crypto assets and traditional markets. building proven track record success both markets, crypto.iq provides knowledge products enable people understand the crypto ecosystem and invest with the same confidence insiders. currently consulting and launching new ventures the technology, consumer, and entertainment spaces. actively volunteers his time several causes, including education reform. kuende whitepaper september thomas bangert digital maverick london, berlin, paris, bucharest thomas graduated with triple degree economics, marketing and entrepreneurship from private business school esc havre/hec the end joined ifyoutravel, travel start-up funded lvmh commercial manager. after year period media director lastminute.com, then europe's biggest online travel agent, thomas moved become the european director display within trip advisor where was charge strategic partnerships with clients such dmos, governments, hotel chains, airlines, etc. from all over europe, but also non-travel partnerships with global telecoms, finance, automotive, etc. thomas founded his own consultancy, the bangert consultancy, april and has successfully grown the business multiple clients including vtree, pearlshare, travel audience (part amadeus), oveit, thinkdigital and kuende. brings with him vast expertise digital media, online marketing and business development. rana chakrabarti experience designer sap concept user experience designer rana experience designer, which defines the business designing moments. has executed turnkey projects for siemens for period five years. since has worked for sap software developer different levels seniority automotive, aerospace defense, manufacturing and supply chain management domains. since has been designer with sap, most working wide range strategic projects for the highly influential design and new applications unit within sap. since has been working closely with sap's chief design officer, sam yen, part the designx unit, scaling design thinking into sap's higher education and business ecosystems. rana actively helping design the challenge framework with the main focus delivering the best experience our users. interested changing human behavior any scale scaling interventions into big systems: currently, the u.s higher education system. also enjoys teaching plain-english version the design process startups and modifying the design process for students the autism spectrum. kuende whitepaper september george bunea ceo ipsx blockchain evanghelist investor george computer scientist specialized cybersecurity, network protocols and big data/data acquisition. recently successfully closed his ico for the ipsx project. george has been entrepreneur since long-time blockchain enthusiast and evangelist. experienced trader and blockchain developer well. from the beginning investor traditional and blockchain startups. outside his work ceo and investor, george dedicate his time support the blockchain community sharing the knowledge and experience has acquired over the years. michael trout founder foundups capital llc blockchain evanghelist michael the visionary behind foundups capital llc hedge fund for funding and creating decentralized autonomous nonprofit organization (danos) the blockchain. one the early visionaries the blockchain space michael worked with the founders ethereum way back the creator decentralized autonomous nonprofit organization (danos) and the decentralized crypto fund for fueling the foundups ecosystem. the founder undevcon ethereum classic's first global conference held shanghai michael has written extensively the blockchain and has videos youtube. kuende whitepaper september andrei avadanei ceo bit sentinel cybersecurity blockchain specialist andrei the best-known white-hat hacker romania. founded defcamp the biggest security conference central and eastern europe, with more than participants and speakers from over countries. andrei also the president cyber security research center romania, bucharest. certified osce, oscp and cisa. the last two years was involved various projects advisor blockchain and cybersecurity for core products, fintech, social networks coin exchanges. was nominated new europe list built google and financial times showcasing the best and brightest leaders central and eastern europe. and that same year, was also nominated the forbes under young entrepreneurs list. regular speaker, mentor and judge local and international events such finance hackit ua, dcoi, enisa, owasp, defcamp, cyber security romania, eurosfat and grepit. dragos stanca iceefest founder digital media ad-tech expert dragos perhaps one the top digital media and ad-tech pioneer central and eastern europe. the founder iceefest (interactive central and eastern europe festival) event that attracts thousands marketers, media personalities and global players bucharest each year. stockholder and managing partner (for romania) thinkdigital, the official reseller tripadvisor, inmobi, vice and other global brands. had deep involvement the development project agora the first programmatic advertising marketplace the region, launched and still active today romania, greece, hungary and the uae. dragos holds mba media management (scandinavian international management institute simi, denmark). today, invests some his time startup advisor and seed money investor. kuende whitepaper september dean karakitsos founder bloqchain science digital visionary futurist dean visionary innovator disruptive technology development and business management with more than years experience bringing industry-changing approach designing and launching dynamic new technology products. the founder bloqchain science that builds secure decentralized systems using blockchain technology for identity solutions, tokenization-of-things (tot), on-chain/off-chain payment solutions, security and audits smart contracts. telecoms, has signed more than interconnection agreements with carriers around the globe and managed streaming voice traffic over billion voice minutes. made for years row listed inc fastest-growing private companies the united states. owns multiple patents market data visualization -patent owner the vertical ticker-, voice over and fixed mobile convergence while developed with his team the openh gatekeeper protocol. dean advising icos multiple verticals and with his team, designing safety and smart contracts best practices. kuende whitepaper september business partners major crypto-fund which invested also ethereum, omisego, polkadot, digix cosmos. ethereum based prediction market platform. google-backed incubator, based silicon valley, elevating entrepreneurs across the globe. world's leader secure open source consumer electronics. people can control the use their identity information, using blockchain identity verification tools. decentralized exchange for sharing ips. allows cryptocurrencies holders convert between any two tokens the network. global social media marketing that has long term transformational impact brands. tech investment and m&a boutique, that connects start-ups with major vcs and crypto-funds. kuende whitepaper september one the largest digital and tech related events the central and south east europe. new york based marketing platform, helping businesses grow and engage with their audiences. one the leading digital marketing groups network central and south europe. kuende whitepaper september the most important annual conference hacking security central eastern europe. million cryptocurrency hedge fund, supporting icos their fundraising journey. conclusions seeing the damage that too much social media doing the world's young people, have put all our energy and drive into creating kuende bridge offline socialization. our mission can accomplished through features like our interest-based groups that will contain incentives for regular offline interaction between members. and through our games module, with regular offline events like tournaments. our hope our platform will influence users get out their homes, off their cell phones and start socializing face-to-face with friends, family and strangers who will quickly become friends. after three years hard work, and million usd raised, our team uniquely positioned first mover the hybrid social network category. firmly believe this category that the future social networking. anyone who has seen the pokemon craze will agree with us, gamified challenges involving real-world interaction fun, engaging and most importantly, social. look forward working with our investors and seeing our vision come into reality. will see you kuende! kuende whitepaper september legal considerations, risks and disclaimers token specifications the kuende team aware potential risks associated with decentralized networking platform and the associated tokens. the date publication this whitepaper, kuende tokens, they kue kp, have known potential uses outside the kuende platform ecosystem and are not permitted sold otherwise traded third-party exchanges. this whitepaper does not constitute advice nor recommendation kuende, its officers, directors, managers, employees, agents, advisors contractors, any other person the recipient this whitepaper the merits participation the public contribution offering. participation the public contribution offering carries substantial risk and may involve special risks that could lead loss all substantial portion such contributions. not participate the public contribution offering unless you are prepared lose the entire amount you allocated contributing exchange for kuende tokens. kuende tokens will provide utility the kuende platform. kue not represent constitute any ownership right stake, share security, equivalent rights; nor any right receive future revenues, dividends, shares, other form participation governance right relating kuende swiss gmbh and any its affiliated companies. kue holders may not redeem their tokens the kuende platform and/or otherwise with kuende swiss gmbh and any its affiliated companies. kuende tokens are rewarded functional good and kuende swiss gmbh shall spend all proceeds received freely and unconditioned set forth this whitepaper. risks kuende tokens should not acquired for speculative investment purposes with the expectation making profit immediate resale. promises future performance value are will made with respect kuende tokens, including promise inherent value, promise continuing payments, and guarantee that kuende tokens will hold any particular value. unless prospective participants fully understand and accept the nature kuende and the potential risks inherent kuende tokens, they should not participate the public contribution offering. kuende tokens are not being structured sold securities. they will not listed any regulated stock exchange. this whitepaper nor any other material relating the offer, the kuende platform kuende tokens, has ever been ever will filed with regard legal standards such the swiss federal act stock exchanges and securities trading law, the swiss financial market infrastructure act, the swiss collective investment schemes act, which are not applicable this token sale. therefore, laws and acts that ensure that investors are sold investments that include all the proper disclosures and are subject regulatory scrutiny for the investors' protection, are not applicable this case. every purchaser kuende token should seek proper advice order understand whether the purchase tokens appropriate for them not. holders kuende tokens assume risk when participating trading activities and such activities have inherent risks. unforeseen problems could result the loss all kuende token holder's funds all kuende token value. kuende whitepaper september holders kuende tokens understands and accepts that kuende may launch participate other projects supported unaffiliated third parties, under which kuende tokens will have value. liability kuende, respectively kuende swiss gmbh and any its affiliated companies, cannot held liable for any losses related kuende tokens. any information the whitepaper provided for general information purposes only and kuende does not provide any warranty the accuracy and completeness this information. all information here that forward looking speculative nature and may change response numerous outside forces, including technological innovations, regulatory factors, and/or currency fluctuations, including but not limited the market value cryptocurrencies. unless expressly specified otherwise, the products, services and innovations detailed this whitepaper are currently under development and are not currently deployed. the authors this whitepaper and all persons associated with its publication specifically make warranties representations the successful development, implementation deployment any technologies and innovations, achievements any other activities noted this whitepaper. the authors this white paper and all persons associated with the preparation and/or publication this whitepaper each disclaim the fullest extent permitted law any and all warranties implied law. the authors the whitepaper and all persons associated with the preparation and/or publication this whitepaper not have any responsibility liability any personal recipient (whether reason negligence, negligent misstatement otherwise), arising from any statement, opinion information expressed implied, arising out of, contained in, derived from, omission from this whitepaper. neither the authors nor its advisers have independently verified any the information, including the forecasts, prospects and projections contained this paper. the authors the whitepaper and all persons associated with the preparation and/or publication this whitepaper not accept any liability that may arise out any information contained implied this whitepaper. technology any kuende tokens shall stored the holder's ethereum wallet, which may accessed the holder using combination the holder's account information and private key password. your responsibility not lose your tokens losing access the keys that allow access your wallet and/or allowing malicious third parties access your keys and/or your wallet. you acknowledge and understand that case theft loss the private key password the kuende tokens associated with the respective wallet will unrecoverable and will permanently lost. kuende does not have any access the password(s) any holder's wallet. kuende will not held liable for any loss tokens and/or other damage incurred you result the loss key attack your wallet. you acknowledge and understand that the smart contract, the underlying software application and the ethereum blockchain still under development and yet unproven. the ethereum blockchain prone periodic congestion during which transactions can delayed lost. individuals may also intentionally spam the ethereum network attempt gain advantage purchasing tokens. kuende whitepaper september you acknowledge and understand that ethereum block producers may not include your transaction when you want your transaction may not included all. tokens may subject expropriation and/or theft. kuende does not manage other way have access the kuende tokens that are stored the holder's own wallet and shall have liability any events related the kuende tokens owned the holder. hackers other malicious groups organizations may attempt interfere with the kue distribution the tokens variety ways, attacking the smart contract, the ethereum blockchain the kuende products. such attacks include, but are not limited to, denial service attacks, double-spending attacks, majority attacks, sybil attacks, "selfish mining" attacks, race condition attacks, malware attacks phishing. furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that due the fact that the ethereum platform rests open source software and tokens are based open source software, there the risk that ethereum smart contracts may contain intentional unintentional vulnerabilities, bugs weaknesses which may negatively affect the kuende token result the loss your kuende tokens, the loss your ability access control your kuende tokens the loss eth your account. the event such software vulnerability, bug weakness, there may remedy and holders kuende tokens are not guaranteed any remedy, refund compensation. regulatory considerations kuende swiss gmbh not financial intermediary and not required obtain any authorization for anti-money laundering purposes. this qualification may change case kuende swiss gmbh will offers services which are considered qualifying financial intermediation activity. this case, the use case kuende swiss gmbh's services may require the positive conclusion aml/kyc identification process. regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated with cryptocurrencies the world. that respect, regulatory measures, investigations actions may impact kuende business and even limit prevent from developing its operations the future. any person undertaking acquire kuende tokens must aware that the kuende business model, the whitepaper, terms conditions may change need modified because new regulatory and compliance requirements according any applicable laws any jurisdictions. such case, purchasers and anyone undertaking acquire kuende tokens acknowledge and understand that neither kuende swiss gmbh nor any its affiliates shall held liable for any direct indirect loss damage caused such changes. sales restrictions for purchasers different jurisdictions the information below for general guidance only and the sole responsibility you inform yourself of, and observe, all applicable laws and regulations any relevant jurisdiction. person has been authorised kuende issue advertisements provide any intelligence with regards the contents this whitepaper and, issued, given made, such advertisement and/or intelligence must not trusted duly authorized kuende you should inform yourself to: (a) the legal requirements your own country for the purchase, holding, transfer other disposal kuende tokens; (b) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable the purchase, holding, transfer other disposal kuende tokens that they might encounter; and (c) the income and other tax consequences that may apply your own country result the purchase, holding, transfer other disposal kuende tokens. you must rely upon your own representatives, including your own legal advisers and accountants, legal, tax any other related matters concerning kuende tokens and purchase thereof. kuende whitepaper september the information contained herein does not constitute invitation purchase, offer of, kuende tokens any jurisdiction any person which and/or which such offer sale would unlawful. particular: the united states securities and exchange commission ("sec") has not approved kuende tokens. you are resident the united states america you won't allowed purchase kuende tokens: you, via technical and/or other means, circumvent such ban, kuende will have fulfilled its duty and will not held liable for any breach regulations, including, but not limited to, the u.s. securities act ("breach"). case kuende will held liable anyhow due such breach, you will fully indemnify kuende for any damage incurred, fees levied, etc result such breach. you are resident switzerland: kuende tokens will not listed any regulated stock exchange, such six swiss exchange, six. this white paper has been prepared without regard the legal standards for prospectuses under art. art. the swiss code obligations the legal standards for facilitated prospectuses under art. the collective investment schemes act ("cisa") art. ff. the six listing rules the listing rules any other stock exchange switzerland. neither this white paper nor any other material relating the offer, kuende swiss gmbh kuende tokens will have been filed with approved any swiss regulatory authority. specifically, this white paper will not filed with, and the offer kuende tokens will not supervised by, the swiss financial market supervisory authority finma (finma). furthermore, the offer kuende tokens has not been and will not authorized under the cisa. thus, the protection which given purchasers interests units collective investment schemes under the cisa does not extend purchasers kuende tokens. you are resident the people's republic china you're not allowed purchase kuende tokens: kuende tokens may not offered sold directly indirectly the people's republic china ("china", not including taiwan hong kong and macau special administrative regions). the information contained herein does not establish offer solicitation offer invest within china. kuende whitepaper september references http://www.businessinsider.com/how-much-raised-icos--tokendata--- https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/nurturing-self-compassion//mental-health-and-the-effects-social-media https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases///.htm http://www.ajpmonline.org/article/s-()-/fulltext https://www.parents.com/parenting/better-parenting/style/how-social-media-is-affecting-your-parenting http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/social-media-high-usage-more-isolated-lonely-people-study-university-pittsburgh-a.html https://www.socialmediatoday.com/marketing/how-much-time-do-people-spend-social-media-infographic http://edition.cnn.com////health/teens-tweens-media-screen-use-report/ https://marketingland.com/facebook-usage-accounts---minutes-spent-mobile- kuende whitepaper september