white paper www.lalaworld.io lala world ecosystem for the migrants and their unbanked families sankalp@lalaworld.io contents abstract..................................................................................................................................................... introduction lala world....................................................................................................... the lala world ecosystem...................................................................................................... lala wallet............................................................................................................................. lala id..................................................................................................................................... lala transfer............................................................................................................ lala lends............................................................................................................................. lala card............................................................................................................................... lala kit.................................................................................................................................... other lala products........................................................................................................... lala technology and mvp..................................................................................................... design and approach......................................................................................................... development roadmap...................................................................................................... our global partnerships............................................................................................................ experience and why us............................................................................................................ lala initial coin offering......................................................................................................... highlights lala ico...................................................................................................... lala token creation, reserves breakdown........................................................... pre-ico participation and bonuses .............................................................................. lala ico process................................................................................................................ lala referral program....................................................................................................... use funds........................................................................................................................... expansion roadmap.................................................................................................................... competition........................................................................................................................................ conclusion........................................................................................................................................... important notice.............................................................................................................................. abstract lala means being happy and that truly what want achieve financial freedom, financial happiness, and financial accessibility over billion unbanked and underserved. the migrant and their unbanked families emerging and frontier markets have been suppressed for the longest time without any access basic services, financial otherwise. about billion poor people worldwide are often excluded from free movement, basic rights which often leads them corruption, crime, including slavery, human trafficking and extreme cases, death. banks, financial institutions and even local financiers not participate these markets because they are not able adequately assess price risks. lack reliable identification systems, financial data, unreliable intermediaries, zero credit history and unpredictable legal systems further limit the capital available for financial inclusion grassroots. this uncertainty and severely limited access financing and other financial products cripples' individuals, micro entrepreneurs, small businesses, stymies growth and entrenches poverty. lala world all set change that. for decades, the current financial system has been controlled and centralised. numerous attempts create central clearing system like swift, chips, various clearing houses, for domestic and international payments systems etc. are largely contractual arrangements between two parties with greater influence geopolitical factors. countries currently blockchain comes blessing investing dlt disguise truly create banks predicted initiate dlt projects decentralised, peer peer patents filled network, distributed among the over the last years over us$ billion value holders. from humble investments over the past corporations have beginnings blockchain joined blockchain consortia years and cryptocurrencies are becoming mainstream today. central banks engaged dlt discussions worldwide further, developments the source: world economic forum blockchain space continues take place faster pace than ever before. several corporate, governments and developers are working different aspects improve this technology but there are three major aspects blockchain being implemented over the next few months which believe will work wonders for lala world and the unbanked. these are: true and immune decentralization: most people the planet not have the capability own large computers, servers any the existing sophisticated machinery operate node the system, but they have smartphones.with decentralised projects and beginnings atomic swaps, this could truly create decentralised world the coming years and decades. copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io scalability and efficiency on-chain: these two hand hand. scalability needs have throughput millions transactions per second, on-chain. and the efficiency must increased factor order considered disruptive while run secure design. many solutions are being proposed which will further help our cause. low cost immutable and secure transparent privacy, open and unrestricted access: people work for their money and must have full, uncensored and unrestricted access their own money. banks, capital markets and the centralised controls continue suppress the unbanked. lala creating that ecosystem truly revolutionise the way peer peer markets works for this population irreversible privacy what total market opportunity from the unbanked population? blockchain will help distribute value than wealth estimated revenue generated banks within emerging markets from unbanked population from closing small business credit gap average lending spreads conservative estimates fee- based services window opportunity mobile banking and payment solutions are opening new access routes and for customers including unbanked adults into the formal financial system, raising their financial spending levels average that lower middle income countries blockchain could reduce banks' infrastructure costs attributable cross-border payments, securities trading and regulatory compliance per annum for people living rural areas less than day, mobile money emerging common source financial transactions mobile penetration even low income countries over mobile blockchain blockchain supports smart transactions, reduces cost and settlement time and eliminates the need for third party intermediaries payments and remittance settlement can happen rapidly allowing people access their capital when they need source: world bank development indicators. financial access survey, accenture, cgap(consultative group assist the poor) copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io with over billion people suffering for long, financial inclusion the top agenda everywhere today: financial institutions, governments, central banks, ngos, large corporations, and technology companies. far, various solutions have been tried and tested, with without the involvement banks, attaining some levels success. according the world bank, million the previously unbanked became account holders from however, billion adults globally still remain without account with bank even with authorized non-bank service provider. blockchain financial inclusion lala world ecosystem regulation instant settlement reduces settlement time payments and remittance settlement can happen rapidly allowing people access their capital when they need it. time and cost efficiencies could support large amounts small transactions micro transactions within trusted network branches digital payments low costs and fees support smart transactions blockchain supports smart contracts transactions that include multiple assets, transactions that include multiple parties and two-way transactions this will allow the unbanked not only access bank accounts but access global capital markets well providing all type value transfers cost reduction "trusted" third party elimination storing transactions automatically shared, tamperproof database could eliminate the need for complicated procedures and clearing houses and ensure that banks have their records sync eliminates error handling provides real time tracking transactions decentralized manner with double spending transaction blockchain can cut operational costs which banks are targeting, giving real benefits while reaching out the real customers and not just bank accounts santander predicted that blockchain technologies could reduce banks infrastructure costs attributable cross-border payments, securities trading and regulatory compliance billion per annum secure transaction ledger database secure transaction ledger database which shared established, distributed network source: finextra, accenture white paper, coindesk copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io banking the unbanked financial inclusion key driver tackling poverty and boosting economic growth. yet staggering two billion adults across the world still not regularly use bank account have access financial institution via mobile device. here the latest data financial incluion, which shows large disparity between different countries worldwide where the unbanked live percentage people aged and over with account financial institution adults worldwide have account financial institution through mobile device, from percent .-.% .-.% .-.% -.% .-% data people aged and over lowincome economies have debit card females aged and over have account financial institution, compare with percent males people aged and over sub-sarahan africa use mobile money account and nothing else compared with the global average percent global findex, world bank $bn opportunity for banks emerging markets estimated financial services consumption increase through full banking penetration and increased utilisation adult population personal banking micro and small business banking income band adults (per annum) $-$k $-$k <$k consumption increase ($bn) formal small business lending formal micro informal small business lending potential fee revenue $bn banked percentage population top and bottom ten from more than countries with available data top asia-pacific $bn $bn $bn $bn $bn potential potential asia-pacific latin america carribbean latin america caribbean $bn $bn potential africa middle east $bn eastern europe central asia norway ............................................. finland ............................................. denmark .......................................... sweden ............................................ new zealand .................................. netherlands ..................................... canada ............................................ ...................................................... $bbn africa middle east potential $bn eastern europe central asia $bn accenture/world bank/global findex commercial bank branches and atms per adults most recent data available for selected countries atms bank branches spain australia .......................................... germany .......................................... bottom turkmensitan .................................. niger ............................................. madagascar ................................... guinea ............................................ republic yemen ......................... burundi ............................................. chad .................................................. somalia ............................................. pakistan .......................................... afghanistan......................................... germany qatar south africa pakistan china kazakhstan myanmar chad global average per adults atms bank branches global findex, world bank world bank, global findex copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io introduction lala world lala world ecosystem real life partnerships with governments, ngo's, local communities and integration biometrics, blockchain and distributed ledger technology that aims towards financial inclusion. lala world ("lala") wholesome ecosystem for the unbanked, starting with the migrants and their families back home. the ecosystem not only revolves around financial inclusion, but also bringing together communities grassroots level, solving real life issues faced this population and using the most advanced technology bring everyone together. financial services via lala wallet education for the migrants visa problems lala partners employer issues lala lawyers groups psychological impact lala ngo's opportunities governments and ngo's migrant unbanked families health lala doctor network the base this ecosystem the lala wallet platform. creating whole new peer peer infrastructure, lala aims revolutionize the way individuals, small businesses and micro entrepreneurs transact, make domestic and cross border payments, borrow money and associated products like insurances, cards, wealth and other general banking products. the key lala's success its experienced team and their global network and partnerships. believe all about execution the end. with relevant experience running such projects, monumental partnerships already place, great technology team behind and ground level support, believe are blessed have all come together for lala. accomplish this herculean task, need partners. are aware our migrant and network strength, but also the same time, aware our weaknesses. cannot build everything alone. therefore, lala has struck various partnerships across asia, africa, middle east and cis. that means real customers, real people and use cases. fiat prototype being tested across users malaysia and india. this will provide with valuable feedback and make the system more robust. ethereum and hyperledger based domestic and cross border financial system (lala transfer) proof concept (poc) well peer peer lending platform (lala lends) being developed our highly qualified blockchain developers. that should complete just before lala tokens hit the exchanges. copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io the current financial system broken for this suppressed population. several papers, articles and theories have been written this. has been herculean task bring them into the mainstream. from controlled and centralised financial system, lala truly bringing whole new ecosystem (financial and grassroots community levels) eliminate the need for intermediaries which drastically reduces costs and creates efficiencies. storing transactions blockchain eliminates complicated procedures and clearinghouses, saving time, money and the risk error. the allowance frictionless savings and investments gives people more control over their financial destiny. lala uses smart contracts embedded into transactions that further simplify complex procurement, negotiation and verification processes. "we're going focus accelerating investments human capital, health, education, social protection, that africa can prepare itself for the next phase economic development," jim yong kim, president world bank the underserved unbanked for more than billion individuals without bank account, lala world provides immediate access microfinancing services and cheap, global remittance services tourists and expats insteads obtaining traveler checks, paying excessive conversion fees, visitors foreign countries can buy and use any currency, anywhere the world migrant workers and their families lala world provides the fastest, cheapest, and easiest way for migrant workers send money home and sustain their families aid organizations, ngos and governments streamlining, lala world allows for the easy and publicly auditable distribution funds developing countries copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io the lala world ecosystem believe that the economy works best when works for everyone, this new platform engine inclusion. -don tapscott lala wallet one stop financial services platform lala one person, one global identity inclusive all your records lala transfer domestic and cross border money remittance via crypto and fiat lala lends domestic and international peer peer lending via crypto and fiat, for individuals and small businesses lala billpay global utility and bill payments via your crypto and fiat lala wallet across countries product features lala wallet the central core your one stop solution for all your banking needs bridging fiat world with the crypto world multiple financial services available inside, keeping mind global seamless ecosystem increase user adoption, referral marketing along with more products and service usage leading more revenue lala lala score global management and verification blockchain creating one comprehensive score for individuals and small businesses upon wallet download and creation, finger prints, facial recognition and other biometrics are captured assign unique blockchain creates globally recognised system especially for the unbanked who cannot access financial services today lala card debit, credit and loyalty one card. pre-paid card synced with the lala wallet spendable pos, atm online transaction base charges, discounted for the lala token holders which they can spend various loyalty programs, cash out trade the more they spend, the more they earn lala transfer local and global remittance via blockchain the backend using lala exchange, fiat and digital remittance transaction fees, exchange fees remittance pain today over regulations, brokers, high fees etc. lala intends capture this global remittance market lala lends peer peer and emi based lending for small business and micro entrepreneurial projects interest commission and transaction conversion fee. all community projects are evaluated peer system microlending unavailable today. creating peer peer system globally can the game changer lala bill pay local and international utility cards and any bill payment via country specific partners crypto and fiat transaction fees, exchange fees with local tie ups every country, lala will enable cross geography payments possible software meets hardware. physical pre-set plug and play kit sold shops and handed over likes migrant labourers containing card insurance, mobile other goodies every kit sold cost plus basis various locations home delivered can ordered online. various partners will enablers and rewarded lala token physical with the digital world and still peerless, its revolution. hardware and software will help build whole new ecosystem lala kit business model lala card crypto and fiat card synced your wallet and usable millions pos globally rationale copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io lala wallet lala wallet your single point access all financial services the lala world ecosystem. you have multiple top and cash out options, hold fiat multiple cryptocurrencies, with host financial services like money transfer, lending, bill payments, cards and other normal banking products your fingertips. lala wallet also allows you share your micro projects globally, allows you raise issues which are suppressing the unbanked and build your own communities, thereby creating true ecosystem benefiting everyone. topup options cash out options via gps (meet new lala users, give fiat receive lala tokens) gps enabled local matches transfer lala wallet lala wallet deposit cash via code local merchants/ partners lala shops partners/ franchises/ distributors who have network agent and community heads with lala token balance e.g. village heads fiat via banks financial partners jurisdiction specific, post ico) crypto exchanges and other crypto wallets lala wallet lala wallet country specific fiat transfer using local banks other money transfer exchange tieups with agents lala card usage various pos globally. lala force locally. delivery other crypto exchanges and local wallets lala force local riders who can come your location and topup when you download for the first time, one the most secure multi-currency wallets automatically created, which the user can then fund with fiat cryptocurrencies. are also working with various banks and payment processors across geographies enhance the acceptance globally. central this wallet platform will our lala tokens that will allow seamless transfers and payments for various transactions and services. lala wallet also includes api for third-party developers they can interact with the wallet, access balances, send transactions, invoices, and build other third-party applications top. this will further enhance the lala wallet acceptability and usage. third party api business model will create more partners who can distribute lala services globally strengthen this network. the user can conveniently convert wide range blockchain assets such lala, btc, eth and dash simply using his lala wallet which has inbuilt exchange mechanism. the user not crypto savvy, they can also choose store the currency local fiat and not use crypto all, giving ultimate freedom the user and truly bridging the old world the new. the more you use your lala wallet, the more you are rewarded economically, not only cheaper transactions, but also via lala tokens for activities like sending new remittances, topping user's balances, cashing out other users balances other ends, along with number other lala referral products and services described below. copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io for mass acceptance lala wallet, have teamed with various employers, ngo's, contractors, support groups who bring these migrants new countries. along with their initial training, will conducting lala camps not only educate them about new countries, but also adapt their new lala wallet and how can help them strange new country. newer ways interacting between themselves, support groups and any other issues they face can all reached out via one single platform lala wallet lala one global id, blockchain and under your control "digital identity must for the millions migrant labour population that visits through our platform every year and are excited take the first step with lala for truly global experience" dato ratha vellai, bestinet sdn bhd malaysia premise your lala wallet starts creating single digital identity that you can carry globally lala id. the team lala had vision provide digital identity every person the planet, starting with migrants and their unbanked families. are also certain that have create truly global ecosystem, then need base identification system that far superior than existing systems. that should global nature, but yet secure, private and available demand. this unbanked population often excluded from basic rights like property ownership, banking accounts and any social protection just because they don't have rights identity documents. proof identity where all starts. lala world and its partners have worked tirelessly build single global identity system which includes kyc/aml, biometrics, verification, digitisation records, cards, national systems etc. this protects your security blockchain and gives you freedom conduct various financial services, all one single wallet. primarily, your single lala will able consolidate all physical and digital identity into single secure private ambient identity, pointing secure trusted dataset about the individual, thereby enabling easily individualised interactions the physical and digital world across multiple vertical applications and compliment existing identity solutions. eventually lala and its association with partners globally becomes your one single access point various multiple applications and physical locations. the prototype and mvp are place already and being tested various locations. copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io approval and authentication via lala wallet iot internet things enables single place the cloud/ blockchain store all your data lala triggers actions based predefined location rules physical location lala wallet download verification/kyc/aml basic data capture hashed blockchain verified transactions hashed/saved/private advance lala basic lala docs/other records upload one global securely accessible lala lala transfer lala's management team and its partners are one the most experienced crew who have run payment wallets, money exchanges, remittance and lending businesses for over years over different counties. top solid experience and great network, have also built great crypto offering "lala transfer", for efficient, cheaper and faster remittance services globally. lala wallet, lala and lala token are the central pieces the lala world ecosystem. lala wallet allows seamless onboarding, lala creates easy verification, aml kyc and lala token provides the single mechanism for users, partners, money transfer agents operators, make quick and cheaper transfers within communities domestically well cross border. copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io sending corridor receiving corridor top-up options lala linked cashout options lala local delivery multiple options partnerships/ownlicences multiple options partnerships/own licences currency brokerage/exchange partners receiving network lala wallet lala money transfer licences lala force collection services local money operators/ agents banking channels currency brokerage/exchange partners receiving network lala wallet lala money transfer licences lala force collection services local money operators/ agents banking channels cheaper, efficient faster largest network global agents partners global wallet and free for money transfer agents/operators more earnings for agents less fees for users, overheads instant transfers multiple topups, cashout sending options there are also immediate cash incentives lala tokens via referral programs, kyc /aml updates, transaction volumes not only for users but for all "partners" the ecosystem like money transfer operators (mto), agents, franchises, lala force (own employees), contractors, vendors suppliers etc. lala tokens continue increase value and strength net transaction fees used buyback lala tokens thereby providing upward pressure the price creating positive feedback loop between network expansion and token value. lala world and its partners facilitate deposits and withdrawals fiat well other cryptocurrencies. partners get their own dashboards including transactional analytics, customer historical information, kyc data and top functionality which will facilitate the advent lala franchise. migrant labour market, our strength and classic example the suppressed and unbanked population. with about us$ million flowing through south east asia alone, every year, this population exploited. with lack banking facilities, working strange new country and culture, high exchange fees, number intermediaries and brokers, insurance, etc. they have been suppressed every junction. lala world, our vision uplift these people. this simply what driving today achieve this global task bridging the numerous problems they face with diversified solutions using technology and our networks. copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io self sustainable ecosystem has created. just technology, software, financial services cannot serve this purpose, there has network effect. lala transfer all about changing that with very little fee transfers. are discussion with various partners governments, employment agencies, transfer agents, remittance services etc. empower these migrants with lala wallets even before they board the plane. more detailed roadmap and partnerships are following sections. are several discussions and are connected with multiple banks, for liquidity and low spreads. part lala transfer, our technology team also working internal order book system blockchain that will allow match cross border remittances flowing from one country another. truly, secure, decentralised order matching where one could transfer money domestic rates and negligible costs. true disruption focussing not only the unbanked and migrant community but service that all can use anytime, anywhere. lala lends peer peer and micro-lending has been steep rise over the last five years. but one looks around, its primarily the developed nations and companies who have blossomed into unicorns while the industry has promised eliminate poverty, offering low-barrier loans those historically unbanked financially. so-called "bottom-of-the-pyramid" solutions have led strategies that many claim simply not work and actually make poverty worse. this where the ecosystem approach comes handy. lala team has extensive experience mitigating this. lala world supports individuals and small and medium sized businesses offering them micro loans, backed lala token investors (and investors are rewarded). are also working with some large funds government partnerships provide underwriting capability fund some loans loans inside the lala wallet from lala community both fiat well crypto community based projects (for e.g. small solar farm remote village) small retailer loan based their sales, trade data and invoice all embedded inside lala and one score lala score. copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io crypto asset backed loans get immediate cash against your crypto assets need sell them competitive interest rates prepayment penalties get back when you want installment based crypto buying emi your choice crypto asset buy buy much you want against small margins locked till all emis paid competitive rates lending for individuals and small businesses lala generates lala score for users working decentralised credit scoring powered smart contracts ipfs peer peer lending peer peer credit vouching like guarantees without guarantors) most the problems micro lending arises due mistrust and corruption. also, operate these remote areas, one needs large overhead and operating costs, slow movement funds due centralisation. lowering the costs cash transfer and doing business, blockchain could solve some the main problems with microlending, allowing the new financial inclusion industry blossom and start lifting people out poverty world-changing rate. micro lending for small community projects competitive interest rates collateral immediate cash for predetermined time period lala card within the lala wallet, user can choose order lala card, virtual and/or physical debit (and time come credit card). security measure, allow user lock and unlock his card through the lala wallet app. furthermore, the user can also set limits for his family members and sync all the cards the same wallet. this makes our system more secure than traditional credit and debit card systems. blockchain and lala tokens become very central this users can sync multiple cards the same lala wallet, which can then used both fiat and crypto medium exchange without incurring any high fees for such transfer any time. further, will also coming with loyalty mechanism tied the lala card, that more you use the wallet, the more you are rewarded lala token holder. not only are the fees, much cheaper than traditional wallets, but also payback rewards are massive, leading almost nil fee when used globally. customers will allowed top-up their lala card with eth/btc/lala tokens, bank transfer, credit card, debit card via pre-approved credit limit. other third party partners like apple pay, samsung pay and android pay will integrated time come. copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io lala kit lala has unique proposition, especially for the unbanked areas where have already developed mvp hardware kit for greater penetration. this will also sold local corner stores, shops and partner locations the future. software cannot solve all problems and hardware has part create truly globalised platform steve jobs lala kit for everyone. small business, grocery store, unbanked migrant labour. buy lala kit from your nearest store partner locations and plugged the financial system instantaneously. bank integrations, filling forms, long queues, just activate your and sync with the phone inside, start using, get paid, receive money. lala kit can also pre-ordered online and delivered straight you very affordable cost. migrant labour, for example, can even get lala kit before boards the plane from bangladesh malaysia. are discussion with several players put this together. initially will have four items there cheap android phone currently prices usd (we are bringing this down via local subsidies and local partnerships, advertising revenue etc). the phone ready and being arranged shipped malaysia embedded the kit, will sim card (already started malaysia bangladesh) lala insurance top the existing "so called" insurance will providing real insurance carrying unique codes. future will also bring pre-synced lala card, lala pos etc other lala products are focussed and the vision our management very clear. therefore want start with products and partnerships that have built with over decade experience. not claim know everything and clearly realise our strengths and weaknesses. also, there are things that are best left experts who are good doing that. therefore, believe stronger partnerships. are good creating this ecosystem, working hard, willing learn but expand and grow, need partners. please feel free reach out hello@lalaworld.io you would like partner with us. above-mentioned products, some shape form are already being launched various jurisdictions. mou's and definitive agreements are being signed across asia, africa and middle east. products like lala insurance, lala wealth, lala atm's, lala force, lala franchise etc are all planned after months. right now are track create global wallet for the unbanked. roadmap and further plans are detailed sections below. copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io lala technology and mvp blockchain really good, resilient system. the interesting thing about bitcoin since its inception, one's cracked it. yet it's completely the open. -alex batlin implement seamless blockchain technology, lala team has been constantly sticking some core principles and the real pain trying solve for the unbanked. have come certain basic conclusions based the geographies intend cover and the products want offer. there are some rudimentary issues financial inclusion these underprivileged populace that has solved mix traditional cash, existing agent networks and advanced but seamless technology. few key areas that have considered while building the tech: cash still the dominant medium exchange these areas third party intermediaries and brokers are expensive peer peer the road want eventually take for all lala products smart contracts can used automate and create trust between participants exchange value should fast and efficient there has medium for store value well most this population not understand crypto, how works and think agnostic design and approach most lala wallet users have smartphones but cannot afford expensive machines. blockchain maturing and reaching stage where there currently need for single class, secure strong governance (decentralized) value exchange that uses maximum distributed computing efficient and scales millions transactions per second when powered/powering billions devices (single class machines) while maximizing security and minimizing transaction fees (to almost zero). achieve this, are focussing the following stack technologies: achieve this, our base technology has very strong and have studied various blockchain platforms like ethereum, hyperledger and bitshares, make lala world scalable are looking various off-chain solutions like raiden, ethereum's lightning network and plasma, but they are all still nascent stages and still testing. have tested and used bitshares the past. it's great technology pegged all countries via usd, but uses graphene and graphene was hard stabilise and continued freezing. for several other reasons are staying clear for now. the moment mix ethereum for erc compliant lala token and hyperledger fabric for transactional basis, the best blockchain solution available build lala world platform. copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io our mvp and poc will based that primarily because ethereum already has good adaptation the market, including exchanges and other corporations, will released before the ico. eventually may opt for our own decentralised public blockchain but for now are building erc compliant lala token and also looking erc ethereum main net. however, constantly track evolution other blockchain platforms and technologies, case any other platform would provide higher smart contract flexibility security for peer peer financial smart contracts and scalability, such platform could also used. cross-border payment transfer wallet lala transfer cross-border payment wallet will utilize blockchains ethereum and hyperledger fabric. once listed, lala token exchange rate can controlled the market fundamentals supply and demand but with this lala token can easily implemented into party exchanges supporting this standard. kyc will handled lala systems and kyc data will stored hyperledger and decentralized storage. after kyc/aml passed, users can transfer money from uae india for example from malaysia bangladesh for negligible fee. currency control can involved with api, block any transaction real time. transactions will also checked against sanction lists and blocked required. peer--peer internal exchange minimize the exchange cost for the end users peer--peer internal exchange will implemented. users top their accounts and put funds distributed escrow for secure trade orders. there will bid and ask order books for certain trade pairs. when user creates order, his order added order book the blockchain and when another user who matches his trade order becomes the market taker. small system transaction fee can applied. exchange processed will handled blockchain and will fully automated. peer--peer lending lala lends lending business logic will based ethereum smart contracts and hyperledger fabric chaincodes. users will have profiles and credit score hyperledger, more the user involved the better credit score gains. user's credit history transparent and can shared with others upon his approval can become public. lenders and borrowers can open new offers. the offer conditions are stored smart contract. includes name, interest rate, etc. these offers will make lending borrow order book market makers. lenders and borrowers can match the offers they like market takers. the same offer can matched one multiple user. borrowers can individuals companies. interest rate can negotiable. all transactions can happen over lala tokens central currency and create value for the network and the token itself. partnering with communities, governments, ngo's and corporate for csr activities enhances the acceptance lala token further single token transact the real world and not only just crypto exchanges. separate technical paper and its details will available the lala world website within this week. copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io development roadmap have clear path our vision and have prepared development roadmap for our technology. our team prefers staged approach which means that each stage will have its deliverables: stage are launching basic version lala wallet malaysia and india first week november. initial poc with two products will released november well, just time for this pre-ico. the system will working ethereum testnet blockchain with real user data. this will help prepare smart contracts and get feedback from the community, real users and make sure that this solution viable. stage lala alpha platform will deployed ethereum mainnet blockchain. client onboarding via lala id, feedback gathering and improvement. preparation for beta. this should happen january india, malaysia, bangladesh, vietnam, turkey uae. stage full working product will ready february with fully functioning backend server with telematics integrations for real customer data gathering and prediction. this will include fiat wallet, cross border remittance and lending begin with. stage lala beta. fully functioning platform with key features place released march and open selected group geographies and customers. are looking over countries right now depicted the partnership page. stage lala opening system for public usage and enabling massive adoption across geographies will happen april stage further development increase amount transactions usability and throughput the platform. web interface interface frontend (angular) ethereum ethereum node ethereum node interface backend (node.js, web.js, mongodb) hyperledger node hyperledger node node hyperledger fabric node ipfs swarm/ storj copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io our global partnerships through our partnerships with government, industry community organisations, want make lasting and positive contribution the communities which work -oliver roll bestinet sdn bhd fisrt mobile wallet malaysia bangladesh migrant labourers, local malaysian and bangladesh customers uae/ cis/ partner for local and international remittance redhil asia hiving technology, global partner for lala and its patented technology award winning consultancy, providing strategic solutions for branding, pr, internal communications digital narrative acrosssectors the cambridge school tasstech, global leaders with more than schools over countries worldwide, our strong partnership india stepping stone for brighter tomorrow for parents students border management technology. entrusted govt. malaysia strategise the formulation advanced passenger screening system (apss) coinfirm partner for aml compliance services iomniscient world leader video analysis with comprehensive portfolio, including audio smell analysis. unmatched capability analyze complex crowded spaces. toshendra the founder, instructor and bockchain expert toshblocks. also the founder ceo several blockchain businesses. previously founded wegilant while pursuing masters from the prestigious iit bombay, india. wegilant has won nasscom emerge award the lala world advisory board blockchain advisor. veriff veriff provides fully integrable web and mobile identity verification solutions that will help you and your business reduce fraud and meet kyc requirements. mlg blockchain consulting global blockchain development and consulting firm headquartered toronto with distributed team across north america, europe and asia efatoora efatoora provides contactless/nfc technology, embedded bank/loyalty card send electronic receipt for transaction make retail experience green and effortless several other partnerships india, bangladesh, vietnam, sri lanka, korea, philippines, nigeria etc. associations copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io experience and why management team sankalp shangari, founder ceo (the vision) put minimal words, lala world the brainchild sankalp shangari. ex-banker from deutsche bank morgan having worked us, london and singapore. entrepreneur heart, author, investor and prolific speaker blockchain and cryptocurrencies. his charismatic personality and experience dealing with governments, banks and financial corporations has been significant bringing talent from around the globe this project. ranjit kumar. chief revenue officer (moneypenny) humble beginnings has led ranjit achieve the unthinkable. entrepreneur heart, takes every job very passionately and with full ownership. rising star finance who understands well the project management industry, shuttles between singapore and india manage lala world global revenues and operations. previously ranjit has worked for jcb, polyplex, syscom (moroho group) samsung electronics. juri kopytko, chief technical officer expert java and senior blockchain developer, juri the cto for the project. with his deep understanding high performance computing, solidity, hyperledger and engineering experience, the architect chief behind integrating the project the blockchain and ensuring the security the project. experienced professional from elisa, nordea, symantec and moneyzen, juri our technical genius. nitin bhatia, head strategic partnership nitin has over decades capital markets experience working bridgelink advisors, tata capital limited, babcock brown, abn amro bank and sbi capital markets. nitin our head strategic partnership and based out mumbai, india. one the most sincere and thorough capital markets advisor could have hoped for. vivek kumar, avp technology vivek has years experience managing variety android and ios application, web applications, e-commerce, system application and creating realistic and achievable project plans alongwith developing ecommerce framework and different payment gateway integration. the building the core architecture our lala wallet. advisory team ari paul ari co-founder and cio blocktower capital. was previously portfolio manager for the university chicago's billion endowment, and derivatives market maker and proprietary trader for susquehanna international group (sig). ari earned political science from the university pennsylvania, and mba from the university chicago. ari cfa charter holder. thomas mcalister founder digital mining corporation australia, bankcoin reserve australia. alumni western institute technology, thomas mcalister blockchain financial institution systems architect based out queensland, australia. thomas and his team have several blockchain patents their name including some proof stake. copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io han kyul park han blockchain entrepreneur based seoul and advises number projects the cryptocurrency space. previously, was the coo boscoin, and oversaw the first ico south korea. han interested broad range topics, ranging from advanced analytics and web technologies crypto-economic theories. before entering the blockchain space, worked developer for major banks and data scientist ey. ajay bhatia the chairman learning largest wings remittance network. ajay has been instrumental setting remittance businesses across asia and middle east. with massive network migrant labour communities and being the chairman cambridge schools india, consider ourselves blessed have him our advisory board. dato' rathakrishnan the managing director bestinet sdn bhd, dato' rathakrishnan started his career the ministry human resources, malaysia serving the administrative and diplomatic service. later served multinational international manufacturing company which employed over staff, for around years and was its deputy president when left dato' sri mohd amin abdul nor the founder and chairman bestinet sdn bhd, dato' sri mohd amin abdul nor has been managing director and ceo several companies for more than years and has vast experience managing service- oriented business. underpinning his passion and empathy for the benefit migrant workers and initiating dedicated pragmatic preventive action reduce malpractices and inefficiencies migrant management solutions, started bestinet sdn bhd prakash somosundaram prakash has built and sold businesses. leading fintech influencer and versatile speaker, very actively involved the south east asian startup ecosystem and youth related causes singapore.. serves the vice chairman ace (action community for entrepreneurship) and board member scape with focus youth and entrepreneurship. he's also the co-founder fintech consortium singapore. toshendra sharma toshendra the founder, instructor and bockchain expert toshblocks. also the founder ceo several blockchain businesses. previously founded wegilant while pursuing masters from the prestigious iit bombay, india. wegilant has won nasscom emerge award the lala world advisory board blockchain advisor. copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io lala initial coin offering lala token erc loyalty token, also referred utility token, with the functionalities described this whitepaper. the funds raised the initial coin offering ("ico") will used further scale the platform, expand more countries, assistance for local communities build, investments small lala fund for the migrants, unbanked and hire more people technology and business development. this further detailed next section. would like highlight that lala token does not constitute security any form any jurisdictions, and this whitepaper not solicitation investment and does not relate any form offering securities any jurisdiction. please read the important notice the end this whitepaper for further clarifications. highlights lala ico eth will buy lala tokens. there minimum purchase amount lala tokens .eth per purchase. pre-ico sales period will from november (singapore time) december (singapore time). lala reserves the right revise and amend the pre-ico sales period its sole and absolute discretion. feedback review period will from december this will include feedback, implementation, launches few countries, numerous partnerships, testing and other significant news various countries ico sales period will from january (singapore time) february (singapore time). dollars, ether, btc, and other cryptocurrencies determined lala can used purchase lala tokens. further details can found www.lalaworld.io lala tokens creation, reserves and breakdown lala intends raise eth from the pre-ico and the ico for further expansion, development and other growth activities. that total million lala tokens distributed purchasers during the pre-ico and the ico. lala will create further million lala tokens for total million lala tokens ("total tokens created"), subject other features lala world. distribution the total tokens created will follows: the total tokens created will sold during the pre-ico and the ico period. total tokens created will allocated lala founders, early investors, technology teams, existing and future employees lala, and held pro-rata lock-in contract for least months total tokens created during the ico will granted advisors, consultants, community developers and will locked pro-rata smart contract for months, unless specifically agreed beforehand. copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io the total tokens created will credited the reserve. this reserve may used for future token sale other purposes lala its sole and absolute discretion may determine. the reserved lala tokens may used for the activities below, lala deems necessary: establishing research labs cooperation with high profile universities across geographies for betterment local communities. creating tutorials and educational materials for lala network and developers using different blockchains such ethereum and bitcoin. organizing events and conferences raise the awareness the lala network technology and facilitate market adoption. distribution lala tokens will start within days after the end the ico and trading should ideally commence when holders lala tokens can start trading and transferring their lala tokens. therefore, (being the total tokens for the purposes pre-ico and ico) million total lala token issued pre ico ico founders team advisors retain participation and bonuses purchasers the first lala tokens will receive loyalty bonus their initial investment. lala tokens issued for the loyalty bonus will addition the total tokens created. the purpose the loyalty bonus create discussion issues raised the lala project, attract the attention leading experts the industry, and raise funds prepare the promotion and public relations the lala project, well prepare for quality ico. during the eligible period, lala shall offering following bonus lala tokens early purchasers: copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io token bonus structure lala lala lala lala for clarity, the above bonus lala tokens will addition the total tokens created, and will allocated purchasers addition the lala tokens purchased. for example, purchaser purchases lala tokens among the first lala tokens sold, the purchaser will receive lala tokens purchased and additional lala tokens bonus (which represents token purchased), amounting lala tokens. all funding during the ico and pre-ico will kept multi-signature address, with multi key structure. keys this multi-signature account will kept with lala, sankalp shangari and its investors advisors that will chosen closer the ico date lala ico process project description lala world lala world wholesome ecosystem for the unbanked globally, starting with the migrants and their families back home initiating with asia and africa, providing decentralized way for everyone use basic financial services, faster and cheaper lala wallet the lala wallet multi-financial services wallet including money transfer (local and international), crypto and fiat exchange, lending, gps enabled local meetups and transactions, bill payments (utility, cards, household, governments etc), pre-paid crypto fiat card worldwide, emi payments, loyalty card one stop solution for all your financial needs ticker symbol lala token background lala built erc token the ethereum blockchain start date end date january singapore time(utc+) munich time new york time london time february singapore time (utc+) munich time new york time london, weeks) copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io lala token price eth will buy lala token, minimum lala tokens total percentage all lala tokens for public, comprising (a) and (b) below percentage all lala tokens created ico are for the public, percentage all lala tokens for reserves, buybacks, community initiatives etc, percentage all lala tokens for long-term alignment interests for founders, existing and future team, for advisors and consultants target amount sell (fixed limit) eth worth lala token escrow funds funds secured multi-signature escrow account token holder reward discounts multiple services and transaction fee used buyback lala tokens community service and incentives accepted cryptocurrencies for the ico eth, btc and many other coins (for the full list accepted cryptocurrencies, please refer our website www.lalaworld.io) lala referral program each crowdsale participant (pre-ico and ico) will provided with unique referral url lala.buy.xxxxxx referrer will receive additional amount tokens equal the tokens bought all their referred buyers this additional taken from the reserved company tokens well buy backs the future. when lala launches its wallet, these referral urls get converted net transaction fee referrals where you will receive your referred users net transaction fees every time they use their wallet long both referral and referee hold lala tokens. referral bonus will allocated via smart contracts automatically monthly basis, moving weekly and then daily basis eventually. once you create your account login, referral link generated and once you refer anyone, list will generate under your referral link. referral link sent friends via messengers referral link your accounts social media signatures forums articles and blog reviews youtube videos about the project mentions the project blockchain social media groups lala token holders will have several advantages: eventually our goal that everyone who participates for this noble cause, should rewarded, short term investors, long term lala holders and users this platform. it's partnership, it's ecosystem and all this not possible without everyone's help and they all need rewarded for their time and effort. copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io general advantages discount every service the lala wallet. initially this will fixed discount and may change over time for proper kyc and lala verification, users will get fixed amount lala tokens free. this for adoption and early usability and can ended anytime lala token holders who refer other users the lala wallet will get another set free tokens top our marketing team working products wise rewards program well where every lala token holder will get some rewards for number transactions, amount transactions, weekly, monthly sales and other exclusive offers each the products long term investors besides price appreciation, have devised innovative schemes for our long-term investors supporters help this noble cause. for every lala token invested these investors community projects, lala will invest equivalent amount tokens community narrowing help for the poor and deserving. investors can earn not only interest the tokens they already hold but also work towards social cause lala long term investor can choose and vote for various community projects, including their own charities for helping this ecosystem well put forward their own communities that they want support. these communities, micro lending projects and other local help can then used other investors and lala team itself successfully execute these projects short term investors are making every effort for short term investors participate this ico and help this cause there are referral programs, bounty campaigns, and are working tirelessly make sure that there considerable price appreciation when lala listed few months referral programs ensure that you not only get additional lala tokens but you also get share the transactional revenue for every friend referred you for life long you continue hold lala tokens real users lala wallet has been devised such way that the users are rewarded every step. for example updating kyc information, referring other users, community projects etc. lala and the team for real development the unbanked. users, investors and other members who participate and help other users will rewarded. token holders will also rewarded for acting cash top and cash out points via local gps tracking from time time will come with various projects that lala fund community members nominate. anyone participating these projects will rewarded lala tokens copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io use funds detailed breakdown use funds described here. essentially the funds will spent on: blockchain integration- with ethereum network and research other upcoming protocols like raiden uraiden, bitshares, hyperledger, qtum, omisego etc build most efficient, transparent and fast network. believe atomic cross-chain trading aka atomic swap, which looking revolutionize the way which users transact with each other. will greatly benefit our customers, will decrease fees, improve the speed transactions and make our ecosystem more accessible for the underbanked. our goal here have niche partners who excel their field than build everything ourselves. are creating ecosystem, network, and should building that with partners, not competition. this will consume big chunk funds including other technical advancements, partnerships, wallet development every country, api integrations, and elements, support and related activities marketing- intend use the best marketing teams very cost-efficient budget. prime aim for marketing transparent and keep the lala and crypto community updated. this budget will also used for local awareness and community activities countries to. again, the aim marketing create awareness that you have lala, when things are not gala business development- expand products and geographies, newer teams and country managers would hired. out the box thinkers with local grassroots connections will preferred lala fund- separate fund will put aside invest local communities and also start-up projects where strongly believe that the product can good fit for the future well the community joint activities- with other companies, crypto communities, r&d, joint marketing etc. will always looking integrate established and well researched teams and products rather than always building our own admin, hr, legal, finance- with such huge project, comes greater responsibility transparent. that possible via highest standards transparency not only for external investors but also our own teams. that effect, there are some operational costs associated with accounting and administrative overheads take care the business processes needed for growing international business legal- not many ico's are stressing upon the importance legal structures and legal teams. are blessed have put strong legal team around us. are, and will continue direct contact with regulators copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io expansion roadmap data becoming new asset class- one that may trump previous asset classes. -don tapscott short term march geographies india, singapore, malaysia, bangladesh, uae, parts cis, azerbaijan, turkey, nigeria product lala wallet, lala id, lala bill pay, lala transfer expected users over signed users expected revenue: usd million medium term december geographies nigeria, canada, philippines, indonesia, vietnam, korea, japan, hong kong, china, full russia and cis product lala card, lala transfer, lala insurance, lala kit expected users over million via direct acquisitions and partnerships expected revenue usd million long term december geographies across asia, middle east and africa product all basic financial products expected users million expected revenue usd billion copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io its long road, are just trying stay focused and grounded and keep moving forward. i'll take it, though. -sturgill simpson singapore office setup singapore/ india expansion, development started malaysia govt, corporate local partnerships singapore started blockchain development fiat wallet prototype started develop dubai/ malaysia first product prototype, hiring senior managers, ico preprations started bangladesh/ turkey/ azerbaijan feedback testing, development partnerships lala transfers licences russia/ cis pre ico, first wallet release four countries, selected services blockchain canada/ u.k ico, expansion across products markets, local force and partnerships full swing asia/ africa/ east/ america comprehensive wallet with various services across countries copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io competition lala ecosystem lala world not merely another ico focused raising funds using btc ether, but entire ecosystem engage the user via one currency lala token. competitive analysis features blockchain support lala world cashaa wala humaniq everex zephyr ecosystem not just financial but health, education, employment etc. banking platform only financial platform only financial platform only money transfer and microfinance platform only money transfer platform only ethereum hyperledger ethereum, qtum auxledger ethereum raiden ethereum ethereum bitshares bank traditional banking n/a gps feature connect users physically physical kit card (physical virtual) low transaction cost high transaction speed conclusion the vision was always bring the unbanked together for purpose and connect them via ecosystem. lala world that ethos -sankalp shangari lala's vision very simple financially include the unbanked into the system who have been suppressed for the longest time. access basic financial services must today's day and age. blockchain has come blessing creating truly peer peer ecosystem distributed network. are aware that change from the old fiat system this new decentralised ecosystem, will take time. that why are taking this journey start with best both worlds and eventually move truly decentralised network. engaging everyone, especially the unbanked population the electronic finance system via blockchain will raise incomes the poor and also improve health care and education systems. lala working with grassroot communities via ngo's, local jlg (joint liability groups), local governments and exploring numerous partnerships. cannot this alone. but can give the tools and incentives our partners all come together, transact via one lala token, one lala and bring financial services your doorstep (aka smartphone). copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io important notice please read this entire section and not take any actions until you finish it. this whitepaper summary lala world business model, technology and brief introduction lala world ico principles. lala world ico considered reward based crowdsale. detailed terms and conditions will released and published lala world webpage www.lalaworld.io you are any doubt the action you should take, immediately navigate away from lala world website and not contribute the development lala world project, and you should consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s). the tokens ("lala tokens") issued lala are not intended constitute securities any form any jurisdiction. this whitepaper, and other information relating the lala tokens provided lala world webpage otherwise not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. you decide contribute lala world development, please note that your contribution lala world does not involve the exchange fiat currency cryptocurrencies for any form securities lala any other company. further, lala token holder does not receive any form dividend other revenue right that guaranteed nor does participate profit sharing scheme. due legal and regulatory uncertainty certain countries, individual will not eligible and shall not purchase lala tokens the individual citizen resident (tax otherwise) any country state (i) where the purchase lala tokens other similar cryptocurrencies may prohibited, (ii) where the token sale deemed not compliant with the applicable laws and regulations. this whitepaper, and other information relating the lala tokens provided lala world webpage otherwise and any copy thereof must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination these documents/information prohibited restricted. particular, without prejudice the generality the foregoing, individual resident people's republic china (excluding hong kong sar, macau sar taiwan) the united states america (save permitted applicable laws the united states america), such individual will not eligible and shall not purchase lala tokens through the token sale. the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, lala and its founders, team members and any third party involved lala world project shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, part, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof and/or information provided lala world webpage you. copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io all statements contained this whitepaper and lala world webpage, statements made press releases otherwise, whether writing orally, made lala, its founders, team members and any third party involved lala world project and/or acting behalf lala, that are not statements historical fact, constitute "forward looking statements". neither lala, its founders, team members, any third party involved lala world project nor any other person represents, warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance achievements lala world will discussed those forward-looking statements. this whitepaper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, well market research, publicly available information and industry publications. such surveys, reports, studies, market research, publicly available information and publications generally state that the information that they contain has been obtained from sources believed reliable, but there can assurance the accuracy completeness such included information. information this whitepaper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding contribution the development lala. you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any obtained lala for indefinite period time. lala does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper otherwise. the information contained lala world webpage and whitepaper are descriptive nature only, and are not binding. part this whitepaper reproduced, distributed disseminated without including this section "important notice". disclaimer liability the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, lala shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you. representations and warranties you accessing and/or accepting possession any information this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant lala follows: you acknowledge and agreed that the lala tokens are not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction and this whitepaper and any other documents relating lala tokens not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any jurisdiction solicitation for investment securities copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io lala tokens have not been registered under any country's securities laws and, therefore, cannot resold except compliance with the applicable country's laws. you are purchasing this instrument for its own account, not nominee agent, and not with view to, for resale connection with, the distribution thereof, and the purchaser has present intention selling, granting any participation in, otherwise distributing the same. you are fully aware and understand the risks associated with the lala tokens you are not citizen resident any jurisdiction which the purchase, receipt and holding lala tokens prohibited, restricted, curtailed, hindered, impaired otherwise adversely affected any applicable law, regulation rule. the source funds your purchase have not been obtained through any acts connection with money laundering, terrorism financing any other acts breach contravention any applicable law, regulation rule. terms used facilitate better understanding the lala tokens being offered for purchase, and the businesses and operations lala, certain technical terms and abbreviations, well as, certain instances, their descriptions, have been used this whitepaper. these descriptions and assigned meanings should not treated being definitive their meanings and may not correspond standard industry meanings usage. words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa. references persons shall include corporations. advice information this whitepaper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding lala, the lala tokens, the lala ico and the lala wallet. you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser regarding lala and its businesses and operations, the lala tokens, the lala ico and the lala wallet. you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any purchase lala tokens for indefinite period time. further information update person has been authorised give any information representation not contained this whitepaper connection with lala and/or the distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the lala tokens, the lala ico and the lala wallet and, even given, such information representation must not relied upon having been authorised behalf lala. the lala ico shall not, under any circumstances, constitute continuing representation create any suggestion implication that there has been change, development reasonably likely involve material change the affairs, conditions and prospects lala any statement fact information contained this whitepaper since the date hereof. copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io restrictions distribution and dissemination the distribution dissemination this whitepaper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws, regulatory requirements and rules any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable your possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without liability lala. persons whom copy this whitepaper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have the whitepaper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute this whitepaper any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. offer securities registration this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. any agreement relation any sale and purchase lala tokens governed only the token sale agreement ("token sale agreement") and other document. the event any inconsistencies between the token sale agreement and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. you are not eligible purchase any lala tokens the lala ico you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise) any country state (i) where the purchase lala tokens other similar cryptocurrencies may prohibited, (ii) where the token sale deemed not compliant with the applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited the united states america the people's republic china. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. risks and uncertainties prospective purchasers lala tokens should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with lala and its businesses and operations, the lala tokens, the lala ico and the lala wallet. prospective purchasers lala tokens should carefully consider and evaluate all information set out this whitepaper and the token sale agreement prior any purchase lala tokens. any such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results operations and prospects lala could materially and adversely affected. such cases, you may lose all part the value the lala tokens. copyright lala world pte ltd hello@lalaworld.io thank you www.lalaworld.io