whitepaper july whitepaper contents contents abstract distributed autonomous job market (daj) market and industry the token premium accounts participate the tokenholder tribunal (tht) and earn your share the platform fees the token holder tribunal process calculation the votes calculation the distributed fees common disputes expert tribunal double vote attacks scalability self-vote protection majority overtaking the tokenholder tribunal game can lose anything? know your customer (kyc) preventing wrong voting ratings and reviews overview process reviews disputing unjustified ratings skill ratings fake reviews actions job client actions page freelancer actions user profile problems the industry blocklancer platform processes process creating job process completing job process successful project process token holder tribunal system architecture core architecture the tokenholder tribunal architecture database database queries blocklancer more than freelancing platform one profile/balance for all the tutoring platform: blocktutor comparing freelancing platforms comparison with ethlance contacts social media and other information channels more references list figures page abstract the blocklancer whitepaper will introduce and elaborate the many features and novelties the platform will introduce the freelancing world. furthermore, will look into our initial coin offering (ico) round details and delve into our ideas and ambitions for the future the blocklancer platform and ecosystem. the blocklancer platform intended means revolutionize the process freelancing and improve the cooperation between the freelancer and the client. going solve many issues involved the freelancing process, including but not limited to: refusals payment for the agreed-on amount money for project, fake undeserved reviews, and the uncontrollable influence and abuse power central authority figure distributed autonomous job market (daj) our belief that completely self-regulatory system the best solution for freelancer platform such blocklancer. therefore, have created new form job market: the distributed autonomous job market (daj for short). daj our vision the job market the future and our proposed solution for many the underlying problems currently faced freelancing platforms. most the decisions made our platform are the hands the tokenholders, which means that there won't one single authoritarian instance with uncontrollable amount influence the market. this effectively puts the power the hands the tokenholders, giving freelancers and clients fairer way transact. the tokenholder tribunal, which will explained detail further below, one example decentralized, self-regulatory system for settling disputes between clients and freelancers. page market and industry freelancing one the fastest growing markets the world with the freelance workforce being comprised million workers; comparing this number the million freelancers only years ago, can see substantial growth the freelancing workforce with almost double the amount workers today. freelancers currently represent approximately the workforce. the whole freelance workforce has earned combined revenue estimated trillion this past year, making significant share the economy. that's not all: the freelancing world ever-growing market with more and more people getting into freelancing every year. survey, nearly half all the freelancers currently active this field work saw increase demand and are expecting raise their revenue the coming year well. only the freelancer community were use our platform which feasible for our project the amount money circulation our platform would exceed $,,, resulting yearly distribution (at fees) all tokenholders involved voting the platform. https://www.upwork.com/press////freelancing-in-america-/ page the token holder the lancer token benefits from the blocklancer platform two ways. you hold more than lancer token you get access premium features the blocklancer platform. after holding more than lancer tokens for period least month your account will automatically upgraded premium account. you hold lancer tokens, you are allowed participate the tokenholder tribunal. for participating the tokenholder tribunal honest and informed way you will rewarded share the platform fees. the benefits the premium account and the participation the tokenholder tribunal will delineated the following sections. premium accounts access premium accounts restricted tokenholders. only tokenholders, who hold more than lancer tokens, for period longer than month get access premium features the platform. this way incentivize people, who are interested the long-term success blocklancer. people, who are holding lancer tokens purely for speculative reasons and short periods time, will not able use premium features. with the success the blocklancer platform the demand for lancer tokens will increase, the other hand the supply for lancer tokens will decrease, because premium users will not sell their tokens, because they would lose access the premium features. the premium account includes features such as: getting access detailed profile statistics. know, who viewed your profile and how you can optimize your profile appearance. only allow the best rated freelancers apply for your jobs. your job offers will predominantly visible the best freelancers the platform. freelancers with rating bad rating will not allowed apply for your jobs. page your job offers will higher ranked our search engine. your application for job offer will ranked above non-premium applicants. get early access new features. participate the tokenholder tribunal (tht) and earn your share the platform fees every tokenholder, who holds lancer tokens longer than month, allowed participate the tokenholder tribunal. after the ico, everyone who participated the pre-sale ico able participate the tokenholder tribunal. you transfer the lancer tokens another account the account will not able participate the tokenholder tribunal for month. this way the system cannot exploited transferring lancer tokens between multiple accounts. the share the fees, the tokenholder will get after cycle months) depends the number tokens holds and predominantly his activity the tokenholder tribunal. this means that the tokenholders are rewarded for their efforts the tokenholder tribunal. contrast this, passive tokenholders will not get any shares from distributed our platform. page the token holder tribunal the tokenholder tribunal activated, there dispute between client and freelancer. order activate the tokenholder tribunal small fee (~usd) has paid. this way make sure that the tokenholder tribunal not abused. moreover, more attractive activate our tokenholder tribunal compared dispute settlements conventional freelancing websites. the fees traditional freelancing platforms regarding dispute settlements are far too high (~$ usd) for common disputes, which unreasonable for most jobs. the activation the tokenholder tribunal would free, rational agent would always choose activate the tokenholder tribunal. even the agent knows that has not fulfilled the task, will activate the tokenholder tribunal, because there very small probability that the tokenholder tribunal decides that the agent right. introducing this small fee, are preventing these very agents from abusing the tokenholder tribunal system. process the dispute activated, tokenholders are chosen randomly participate the dispute settlement procedure. this makes sure that the tokenholders cannot know priori, which dispute settlements they will participate. the set tokenholders that are chosen participate the tokenholder tribunal for certain project will get all available information about the project. this includes: the complete job offers information about the history the freelancer and the client the final submission and earlier submissions the freelancer. moreover, the client and the freelancer have the possibility submit statement for the case. the tokenholders have study the material make informed decision. the decision making binary, that the tokenholders can decide either favor the client the freelancer. page calculation the votes the tokenholder tribunal open for certain period time week) and the participating tokenholders are also able change their decision during this period. during this period the tally not visible the participating tokenholders. the tokenholders can vote either favor the client the freelancer. after this period, the tally becomes visible everyone and the final decision made public. the settlement done majority vote. majority reached, the involved client and freelancer have the possibility activate another tokenholder tribunal. the tokenholder belongs the majority, his vote counted "positive vote", whereas the tokenholder belongs the minority, his vote counted "negative vote". calculation the distributed fees after every dispute each tokenholder who participated the dispute receives so-called vote share. the vote share higher, the less tokenholders take part the dispute. this incentivizes tokenholders cast their vote more difficult disputes (e. cod not working properly), this will lead greater share. the other hand, this will ensure that the easier cases are not overflown votes, the share will increase substantially with the number votes already cast. should the tokenholders vote counted "negative vote", loses double the vote share the respective dispute. this way make sure that tokenholders, who are not making informed decisions are penalized. this mechanism grants that there the highest incentive for tokenholders finding reasonable decisions. after dispute cycle months), the share the tokenholders calculated the following way. calculate each tokenholders share multiplying the total amount vote shares acquired this period with the amount lancer token holds the end the period. denote the result page then calculate the sum all shares (from all tokenholders during this cycle) denote the sum now the share the tokenholder w/t. this means and the share the tokenholder would so, the tokenholder would get the platform fees that were collected during this cycle. common disputes current freelancing platforms all disputes are very easy settle. common dispute cases are for example: the freelancer disappears. the freelancer hadn't completed the project before milestone/deadline. the client doesn't mark the job completed. just disappeared. undeservedly bad review from client/freelancer. freelancer isn't responding. such disputes are undoubtedly easy rate for most people. such situations are the most perfect use cases for the token holder tribunal. current freelancing platforms you have pay high fees even for such easy dispute cases. fees are simply not worth this amount money, simpler and less expensive hire another freelancer. expert tribunal should the client the freelancer not satisfied with the decision the tokenholder tribunal, there also the possibility activate expert tribunal. the fee for activating the expert tribunal about usd. the expert tribunal board experts. the decision the expert tribunal cancels out the decision the tokenholder tribunal. this means that the expert tribunal comes different conclusion than the tokenholder tribunal, the decision the expert tribunal will applied the case. page double vote attacks major problem all voting systems the blockchain far are double voting attacks. anybody could just vote for someone and directly afterwards send the funds another ethereum address and vote again. currently there are some implementations tackle this. for example, the dao prevented his users from transferring tokens whilst tally was progress. this course option for the blocklancer platform because then transfers wouldn't possible far too often. prevent such behavior from tokenholders everyone must own their lancer token for period least month. after receiving lancer tokens from another account, the receiving account will not able participate the tokenholder tribunal for month. this way the system cannot exploited transferring lancer tokens between multiple accounts. scalability every token holder has random value assigned his account (range this allows only allow specific group tokenholders vote single dispute (e.g. numbers one might question why that should needed. actually, it's quite simple. would create limit the maximum number disputes all the tokenholders would able vote for, should everyone always able vote every dispute. put simply, this allows distribute all disputes evenly among all tokenholders and thus allowing for unlimited scalability. more job offers would mean higher demand for lancer token and thus increasing the diversity tokenholders. those could evenly split among the higher number disputes automatically shrinking the vote groups (e.g. numbers self-vote protection page another major problem current voting implementations that tokenholders would always able vote for themselves. tokenholders aren't allowed vote for themselves. but clever tokenholder would now just transfer his tokens another account and thus circumvent the protection, even though would lose some credibility and all premium features his main account. the implemented voter groups (see ..) are applicable here well. the tokenholder just wouldn't ensured able vote dispute himself involved in. this ensures that there won't any planned malicious actions regarding selfvotes. majority overtaking should there tokenholder voter group with substantially more tokens than the rest, would able dominate even overtake that voter group. tackle, this every vote has the same impact the final decision, independent from the number tokens one holds. the minimum amount able vote the tokenholder tribunal lnc. ensure that nobody able just split his lancer over multiple accounts are implementing verification process (see ..). the tokenholder tribunal game the tokenholders have separate voting platform with ranking system which ranks them the amount vote shares they have. this ensures higher motivation voting correct the token holder tribunal granting them the incentive social recognition. the tokenholders will able reach higher levels the platform gaining more vote shares badges. the badge achievement system will similar those many forums today (e.g. stackoverflow). where the tokenholders receive badges for certain achievements (e.g. first vote, ten consecutive correct votes). can lose anything? page you can't have less than zero vote shares and thus you can't lose anything voting. with that mean you can lose neither ether nor lancer. voting disputes you can only receive, exchange for the time you invested making educated and informed vote, share the platform fees. know your customer (kyc) many transactional applications require up-front knowledge concerning certain aspects counterparty's identity. many respects, the blockchain different and legal entities who have beneficial relationship with blockchain-logic may also have the need for ensuring the blockchain logic itself ascertains this kind knowledge before engaging transactional relationship. preventing wrong voting prevent tokenholders from voting wrong purpose the token holder tribunal (e. voting favor their colleague) created environment highly discourage such actions. tokenholder has zero vote shares his votes will not count towards the end result the dispute but still receives vote shares for his vote. this ensures that needs correct votes change anything the end results disputes. top that have algorithms place detect and ban users that obviously try harm the platform. with those levels security place practically becomes impossible cast several malicious votes and thus, the token holder tribunal has the highest possible chance finding correct decision. ratings and reviews freelancers and clients are able provide feedback each other and help others decide which freelancers clients choose. page overview freelancers clients are able rate each other scale stars. they can also choose add written review, which optional. every user has summary rating which always displayed alongside the username. freelancers also have separate rating for each skill (e.g. c++, translation ...) which allows potential client determine the skills the freelancers question more detail, making the process finding the correct freelancer far easier. process freelancers clients are able rate each other after job completed. this minimizes the risk people rating each other without prior knowledge each other's skills. after the job completed the freelancer and the client have days rate each other. after this period, both ratings become public. this ensures that nobody making ratings just revenge. negative rating the client/freelancer would instantly get public the other party could just make bad counter review "revenge" and thus rendering the whole rating process pointless, because there wouldn't benefit rating anybody bad, you would just lose doing so. after the rating process completed the new rating gets added the summary rating. reviews both freelancer and client have the option leave written review which shown each other's profile. highly encouraged leave written review because far more meaningful than just simple rating. disputing unjustified ratings should the freelancer the client not being satisfied with their rating, they have the option dispute the rating. the tokenholders are then tasked review the whole job determine page the rating justified not. should the tokenholders come the conclusion that the rating isn't justified, the rating/review gets removed from the client's freelancer's profile. this way, blocklancer ensures that ratings aren't final like current freelancing platforms, provide this option because freelancers clients could lose much income unjustified ratings. skill ratings freelancers also have separate skill rating for every skill individually, because overall rating wouldn't tell much about the freelancer's capabilities certain skills. the skill rating calculated the same way the overall rating with the only difference being that new rating only gets added the skill the skill was part the job. fake reviews there are always people which try push their ratings make deceitful actions. blocklancer has multiple features place prevent such actions. reviews are only creatable after successfully finished job. this ensures that nobody able just spam fake ratings their friends profiles because they would need pay the minimum amount eth) for every review they add this way. this ensures that such ratings aren't really economically interesting the first place. should user's work quality suddenly decrease after several years, would still have great rating for several more. order solve this problem, newer ratings will have greater impact the overall rating, thus rendering this issue non-existent. actions job both freelancers and clients have the option perform certain actions job. make this section clearer, split the actions into freelancer actions and client actions. page client actions pick freelancer: after freelancers made their bids, the client able select freelancer complete the job. the client needs have the funds able pay the selected freelancer before selecting this freelancer. after selecting freelancer, the client isn't able withdraw those funds before completing the job. cancel job: the client hasn't yet chosen freelancer able cancel the whole job. after this action performed neither freelancer able bid for this job nor anyone able see this job anymore. complete job: after the freelancer finished the job, the client able complete the job. after this action performed the freelancer instantly receives his payment. the client also has the option give rating the freelancer when completing the job but the written review optional and can left blank. call the tokenholder tribunal: the client able call the tokenholder tribunal should not satisfied with the work the freelancer (see .). freelancer actions bid for job: the freelancer able bid for any job would like make. the bids are limited bids per week. this ensures that freelancer isn't just making bid for every job that posted, but only for those really interested in. cancel the job: the freelancer isn't able complete job can choose cancel the job. after canceled the job the client's funds are instantly unlocked and able withdraw them. rate the client: the client marked the job completed the freelancer able rate the client. call the tokenholder tribunal: the freelancer able call the tokenholder tribunal should the client refuse mark the job completed (e.g. the client disappeared) (see .). page user profile the user profile collection settings and information associated with certain user. the user profile the main page after clicking anyone's username any site within the blocklancer platform. contains all the major information about certain user such as: page username: the username user chose when registering the platform. always visible when the user displayed throughout the platform. short description: short description the user words). description: the full description the user. skills: the skills the user has, including the rating for each skill. reviews: reviews the user received from other users worked with. education: educations are schools, courses degrees user has completed. experience: experiences are prior jobs projects user worked the past. lost disputes: the total amount lost dispute cases. won disputes: the total amount won dispute cases. total disputes: the total amount dispute cases. profile image: the profile square sized image the user. rating: the overall rating the user. page problems the industry now discuss the most pressing concerns freelancers face with the current market and freelancing platforms, websites that offer jobs. overview the problems will covered below: unnecessarily difficult receive payment from clients clients leaving undeserving/negative profile reviews high fees current freelancing platforms unlimited centralized power current freelancing platforms "from experiences different freelancing platforms, getting paid your client often proves unnecessary and difficult hurdle overcome. there way can ensure that get paid for the work deliver?" blocklancer offers escrow option for fixed price contracts. after employment contract has been made, the client's money frozen until the contract fulfilled the freelancer. should the client not satisfied with the work the freelancer, has the option ask the tokenholders settle their dispute and decide who right. the freelancer has the same option available him case received unreasonably bad review. voting wrong intentionally will penalized losing vote shares. https://www.quora.com/what-are-the-major-problems-freelancers-facecommonly/answer/courtney-webber-?srid=hfugy page "sometimes clients leave undeservedly bad reviews for work. while this fortunately not frequent occurrence, annoying nonetheless, because there are hardly any measures can take against it. there way circumvent this problem?" most current freelancer platforms, the best option contact the support the platform, but this often done avail. our platform, the tokenholder tribunal dispute resolution process will also applicable here well. "the fees many freelancing sites are rather high. while wouldn't call them horrendous, does make freelancing less lucrative for me.", blocklancer only takes the employment contract's price fees, which makes this the lowest amount fees any freelancing platform the market, giving blocklancer major competitive advantage capturing market share. https://hackernoon.com/why-you-should-never-use-upwork-ever-cbdf https://support.upwork.com/hc/en-us/articles/-freelancer-service-fees https://www.freelancer.com/feesandcharges/ page "one biggest concerns that the hosts freelancing websites have almost unlimited power. they can delete account will, and there's nothing can about it. someone who dependent the money make from freelancing, you can probably imagine that this quite problem." sadly, happens all too often that accounts get deleted without valid reason single, central authorities freelancing platforms, thus freezing all income the freelancer and hindering him from accepting new job offers clients. this problem reduces the trust freelancing platforms because freelancers can lose their source income any given time, making freelancing platforms too unsecure sole source work for freelancers. the blocklancer platform, this impossible occurrence because don't have single authority but the fairly incentivized tokenholder tribunal. https://www.blackhatworld.com/seo/my-freelancer-com-account-has-been-closed-with./ page blocklancer platform processes blocklancer, implemented wide range processes. there are processes for: offering jobs, applying for jobs, doing reviews, and the tokenholder tribunal. this section, will introduce the most important processes the blocklancer platform. process creating job figure: process for creating job offer the bpmn model figure depicts the process offering job and bidding for the job. the client first creates new job. the client attaches deadline the newly created job this means the client must select freelancer proposal bid before the deadline reached. after clients create job offering, freelancers are able bid for the job freelancer bids contain the salary the freelancer willing get paid for this job. when the client selects freelancer and his bid, the employment contract created. the employment contract binds the salary the freelancer that freelancers are guaranteed payment. page process completing job figure process finishing the work figure depicts that the client gets his ethereum back the freelancer not able finish the job within the deadline. process successful project figure process successful project figure shows successful transaction between freelancers and clients. the freelancer was able finish the job and the client was satisfied with the work. can seen that the client creating review the freelancer and the freelancer able create review the client. also possible bring bad review the tokenholder tribunal. the end successful project, the freelancer able collect his salary. page process token holder tribunal figure: client not satisfied with work figure shows what happens the client not satisfied with the freelancer's work. the client then able initiate dispute resolution with the tokenholder tribunal. the tokenholders are voting determine whether the freelancer was able accomplish the task not. the tokenholders analyze the job offer and the freelancer's submitted work decide the freelancer was able sufficiently fulfill the job offer. decision making done majority vote. majority vote represents the truth the blocklancer platform. the majority decides that the contesting the submitted work was unreasonable, the freelancer able withdraw his salary and the trustworthiness score the client decreased. the tokenholder tribunal decides that contesting was the right thing do, the client will allowed withdraw the frozen ether. page system architecture blocklancer the first decentralized and serverless job market. accomplish this combining existing technologies like ethereum and ipfs. because the blockchain technology still the architecture building phase also implement our own, proprietary solutions. core architecture blocklancer composed three main components: ethereum: ethereum the backbone blocklancer. the smart contracts are implemented for ethereum the solidity programming language. ethereum needed the distributed ledger blocklancer, allowing the community verify transactions within the ecosystem. interplanetary file system ipfs: ipfs allows distributed storage files. because too costly store all the data the ethereum blockchain, the main part the data stored ipfs. database: because want grant great user experience, querying for job offers must extremely fast. main problem with the blockchain technology that querying the data far too slow and expensive. therefore, needed somehow save the data database that query-able. portion the funds raised through the blocklancer ico will used develop collaborate with other projects already developing this solution. currently blocklancer has cooperation this area with the ties network. the partnership creates major synergies with the decentralized autonomous business model blocklancer built and ultimately allows for greater scalability. the tokenholder tribunal architecture the automatic dispute resolution process core feature blocklancer. used for deciding the employment contract was fulfilled the freelancer and given rating (from the client the freelancer) justified. accomplish this, blocklancer uses completely distributed tribunal architecture. blocklancer, the truth considered schelling point. page this scheme, coordination game setup and participants are voting economically incentivized way. voting accordance with the majority incentivized, whereas voting accordance with the minority penalized. this scheme considered robust and also used other big projects (augur). the tokenholder tribunal mechanism implemented way that exchangeable and extendable, allowing for smooth and uniform process across wide variety situations. database the moment, not recommended store huge amounts data the blockchain. storage any blockchain (including ethereum) extremely expensive and inefficient. ipfs, the other hand, offers cheap storage solution, but there possibility index the data make query-able. for storing data (user profiles, job offers, etc.) use ipfs. also introduce standardized formats for saving this kind data, making more efficiently accessible. the files are uploaded ipfs and the hash needed for retrieving data stored the blockchain. doing so, everyone has access the distributed data. database queries for querying, index service needed. theoretically, possible for all users have their own indexing service running locally. because believe applications are generally accepted users long the user experience excellent, think that currently the best solution offer centralized, high-performance indexing service blocklancer users. displaying just relevant jobs the freelancers complicated task that needs sophisticated knowledge information retrieval systems. high precision the retrieved documents very important for job markets. believe that the near future, there will new solutions for accomplishing indexing and querying the blockchain. mentioned earlier, portion blocklancer ico funds will potentially used create the necessary solutions order create the most efficient blocklancer platform processes. page the querying syntax similar sql and the retrieved results contain ipfs hashes ordered their relevance score. blocklancer more than freelancing platform blocklancers main architecture allows integrate far more platforms into its ecosystem. everything split into easily exchangeable modules the main modules are: tokenholder tribunal account, profile, balance ui/platform this allows only change the user interface/platform and exchange with another one needed. with this concept are able make example tutoring platform with minimal work involved because are able reuse the critical parts and build something else top it. this means that can build tutoring platform with tokenholder tribunal and the same accounts used the blocklancer freelancing platform with only fraction the work. another huge advantage this concept that are able just "transfer" all users new platform. this turn reduces potential inhibitions users use new platform. after all can just start using with minimal work all involved. one profile/balance for all this concept allows for totally new form platform. with current systems platform decides integrate new market into its platform, their usability and overview suffers. such platform quickly gets confusing for new user. there are just too many options and finding the right one often proves difficult. for example, user just wants tutor gets irritated all the freelancing options available. the other hand, someone wants tutor and freelance the same time really appreciates doesn't have create new profile and doesn't have separate account balance for both platforms. give everyone what page expects and wants, blocklancer's concept allows just create more and more separate platforms for the user. the tutoring platform: blocktutor possible platform could add after the blocklancer platform launch platform for tutors. the choice quite obvious someone thinks about it. freelancers most often are also able teach someone their skills. for example, english writer definitely willing teach someone english currently doesn't have job english writer. moreover, allows bind even more people the blocklancer system and not only freelancers. this giving huge scaling advantage against the competition. comparing freelancing platforms blocklancer freelancer upwork fee for clients fee for freelancers money withdrawal immediately fee for money fee into your ethereum withdrawal wallet days additional fee for currency conversion days from decentralized protection censorship secure payment page decentralized voting system privacy comparison with ethlance blocklancer gas costs ethlance just for crucial parts (contract pay gas for everything (profile creation) creation etc.). each time you create modify your profile you pay for it. fee token holders earn fees from decentralized voting decentralized protection censorship secure payment system privacy integration with other services (linkedin, etc.) tradeable token browser all browsers supported usability very easy use. works similar like other freelancing websites. you can create detailed profile with education and experience history (similar linkedin). works best with chrome (metamask) very special. you need experience with cryptocurrencies. detailed profile possible (just some sentences). page business model performance revenue model with fees and business model network fast very slow goal mass adoption niche contacts contact@blocklancer.net http://telegram.me/officialblocklancer https://discord.gg/jwwcsm https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=profile;u= social media and other information channels https://www.facebook.com/blocklancer https://www.reddit.com/r/blocklancer https://twitter.com/blocklancer https://plus.google.com/u// https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucz-v-ksnbgqscnsoeulq https://github.com/blocklancer/blocklancer-contracts https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. https://steemit.com/@blocklancer https://www.linkedin.com/company// https://publication.blocklancer.net/ https://blocklancer.net/ page more references https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/ https://www.upwork.com/press////freelancing-in-america/https://www.slideshare.net/upwork/freelancing-in-america-/ https://www.quora.com/what-are-the-major-problems-freelancers-facecommonly/answer/courtney-webber-?srid=hfugy https://community.upwork.com/t/freelancers/the-client-didn-t-pay-me-what-the-max-ican-do-to-him/td-p/ https://www.quora.com/what-freelancers-have-run-into-issues-with-clients-either-payinglate-or-not-paying-at-all/answer/mario-peshev?srid=hfugy https://collegetimes.co/upwork-sucks/ https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id= https://hackernoon.com/why-you-should-never-use-upwork-ever-cbdf https://support.upwork.com/hc/en-us/articles/-freelancer-service-fees https://www.freelancer.com/feesandcharges/ https://www.blackhatworld.com/seo/my-freelancer-com-account-has-been-closed-with./ https://www.complaintsboard.com/complaints/freelancercom-sydney-new-south-walesc.html https://www.quora.com/how-do-i-get-back-my-closed-account-onfreelancer/answers/?srid=hfugy list figures figure process for creating job offer figure process finishing the work figure process successful project figure client not satisfied with work figure lnc per eth figure ico spendings page