draft for open community review. subject change. march table contents what latium? ................................................................................................ market need ....................................................................................................... -lack real world adoption cryptocurrencies -lack transparent global labor market -lack global reputation for global labor force -lack fast payment system for global labor force -true market demand for cryptocurrencies product advantages........................................................................................ features.................................................................................................................... -posting tasks, performing tasks, reputation system, physical task system, latium transfer system, group projects -profile management, chat system, referral program, task search system, fees timeline overview............................................................................................ future developments ................................................................................... -migration full blockchain system, other crypto and fiat, conversion functions funding breakdown ...................................................................................... project budget...................................................................................................... overview token structure........................................................................ latium team.......................................................................................................... legal disclaimers................................................................................................ what latium? latium the first and only tasking platform incorporate totally automated rating system tandem with one-to-many task relationship structure. this will allow user create task for which they can hire one person, many thousands people, complete the task. this all occurs within trustless environment where all participants have transparency whom they are working with. the platform will support both "digital" and "in-person" tasks. the latium team has also designed proprietary task proof systems for both "digital" and "in-person" tasks, order remove trust from the equation while creating environment where tasks with multiple contracts can easily managed. the case "digital" task, imagine user wishes drive traffic online petition. posting one simple latium task, they can send many people the petition page their budget allows. now, let's look example "in-person" task. imagine user promoting grand opening for new restaurant. they post new task with the details the event and then approve applicants that wish show for reward. the applicants show they must all scan either printed code, scan code the task creator's phone stay within certain gps location for certain amount time order check-in the event. once the event complete, they will scan additional code release payment for the task auto release based gps. "in-person" multi-contract tasks can used for marketing events such this, even political community driven projects. the latiumx (latx) erc token will the established form payment the platform. payment for tasks completed the latium platform will credited real-time using latx, meaning the latx tokens will have purchased employers order create new tasks the system. market need the latium platform provides solutions existing real world problems, while also improving existing solutions for certain use cases. lack real world adoption crypto currencies although the world has become more aware crypto currencies over the last months, there still very real issue global adoption. believe this directly related substantial barrier entry acquiring crypto currencies and the lack acceptance viable method tender. the latium platform solves these issues creating easy use market place where anyone willing complete task rewarded with latx tokens. latx can also used for task creation, meaning that anyone needing task completed can now use latx pay for the labor. this provides opportunity for everyone join the crypto sphere simply paying for work working for pay. lack transparent global labor market currently labor markets are divided into pools based local, regional and national regulations. these segmented pools labor liquidity hurt both employees and employers alike. employee could hard find work and livable wage depending your jurisdiction. employer can difficult, impossible, find the right employee with the required skill set your local labor market. now you can apply for any task globally, determine what you are willing complete the task for and have transparency every facet prior acceptance. employer you can award the task the tasker your choice and know that the task not completed your standards that you don't have pay. lack global reputation system for global labor force employers and employees both have had share substantial pain point the hiring/applying process. neither party really knows they are good fit for each other prior working task together. employers can check references from previous employers, run background checks, etc., while prospective employees take internet forums read posts from previous employees order gain some insight into whether not this relationship would good fit for them. implementing global reputation system, the latium platform makes the employer-employee relationship more transparent from the beginning. taskers and task makers have reputation score. this allows both parties truly evaluate potential relationship prior acceptance. every task impacts user's score positively negatively. users gain long term reputations making them more attractive while discouraging the creation new user profiles and spam. lack fast payment system for global labor force there are many payment systems used around the globe, but most payments made for completing task are not even remotely close real-time. some users might wait weeks after task completed order receive payment. the latium platform issues all payments via latx tokens, thus creating real-time payment network within the platform itself. these tokens can withdrawn soon the task maker marks the job complete. task makers are incentivized release the payment quickly part their global true market demand for crypto currencies currently, using crypto currency tender still quite limited. there great desire among crypto enthusiasts see mass adoption crypto general payment method. has become clear however, that order for this occur these tokens must power systems that have real world value for people. latium addresses this issue creating real economy for latx. latx the fuel required the platform operate. the activity buying selling tokens should closely correlated the platform use and not based market speculation. product advantages easy access crypto deflationary design easy access workers one-to-many relationships easy access work trustless reputation system fair and transparent real-time payment free use features client facing applications for ios, android and web including: posting tasks clients will given the ability create tasks, select the desired applicant and verify the task completed their standards. nominal service fee will charged after task completed. performing tasks clients can apply for tasks, upload task related documents and files, mark tasks completed and request payment. reputation system whether you use amazon.com, freelancer twitter user/product ratings are big part our day day life. the issue with most rating systems they require lot additional work debunk what true and what not. users have figure out reviewer can trusted. this takes time and effort. even after this process you have question the review truly legitimate, due the large amount fake users and pay for review systems the net. study published cnbc revealed least million twitter accounts were fake/bots (https://www.cnbc.com////nearly--million-twitter-accounts-could-be-bots-says -study.html). believe the problem actually much larger than the stated amount and the issue certainly not limited just twitter. paid reviews are big business and has incentivized the growth huge review farms around the world. users are catching this trend that nothing can trusted and now have research the reviewer. the problem all this extra due diligence creates extra work for the end user. latium's proprietary reputation system takes human opinion out the equation creating concise and automated system. user scores range from and are based many different data points that are systematic, not opinion based. these include, but are not limited to, amount jobs completed, hire rate, payment time, task value, and worker/employer diversity. the goal provide users simple single number, they can evaluate quickly without additional research. this system will start proprietary algorithm and over time totally driven. the best example this the fico credit score system. users scores will change based actions and also lack action. ultimately the will create new rule sets mitigate risks before they even present themselves, thus creating reputation physical task system latium's proprietary physical task locator designed make both fun and easy locate paying tasks. the platform presents map users with available local tasks which they complete. walking driving around, completing tasks and collecting latx, the latium platform provides level gamification (think pokemon go, but instead finding pokemon you are collecting latx). will also provide standard search filters and list view for those who want more business like appearance. tasks can confirmed scanning codes staying within defined gps coordinates for certain amount time. this depends the task and the settings selected the task creator. latium transfer system latium will include two payment transfer options. one will internal system that real time and does not require confirmations from miners and will free. the other will blockchain based and require miner confirmation. are still evaluating will use state chain for these transfers help mitigate the gas cost transacting chain. group projects this feature allows users work together for common goal. group projects could something small two three users working together something very large requiring hundreds users work together. group projects can used for one many, many one and many many relationships. this makes the system flexible and able handle any task required. profile management user will have editable profiles with avatars, bios and additional information. this allows both task makers and task doers get view into who they are potentially working with. chat system both general chat and task related chat will made available all clients. referral program referrers will make commission off referred users. they will also have access metrics and reporting. all commissions will paid latx. task search system the task search system provides users the opportunity find specific tasks which coincide with their abilities. fees the latium system will maintained nominal per-task fee. these fees will paid the task creator the time acceptance. the system will feeless for promotional period until the management team feels market penetration has been achieved. revenue created the fee system will used for operation expenses and eventually incentivize task validators (miners) our own blockchain. the sole method for payment fees will always latx. timeline overview proof concept beta release quarter app layout and ui/ux design quarter base code creation quarter production release app store and google play st-nd quarter production release web nd-rd quarter release latium.org quarter the fly latx conversion nd-rd quarter initial token sale quarter multiple currency integration nd-rd quarter alpha release quarter migration full blockchain system quarter future developments migration full blockchain system due the current limitations blockchain technology (mainly latency and query issues) latium being built using hybrid distributed, dedicated multi datacenter servers and blockchain technology. believe this currently the only way deliver enterprise class application with competitive end user experience. once the hybrid system production, our focus will change migrating system system into the blockchain, with the goal being for latium dependent blockchain technology. this task small feat, but doing this pave the way for other enterprise applications blockchain dependent. through this process other revenue models, such licensing proprietary blockchain db, file storage, cdn and hosting technologies, will present themselves. all these will add another layer value for latx holders. on-the-fly conversion functions ease access latx and other currencies imperative for mass adoption. users require easy access buy and/or sell latx. the platform will allow for easy exchange via api connections with existing exchanges and/or using shapeshift.io. the goal allow purchases via credit cards and real-time making easy participate the system. allowing users withdraw profits fiat will also facilitate usability. users can hold their earnings latx convert the fly and receive funds via paypal. introduction other crypto currencies and fiat into the latium system once the platform production and stable, part the team will focus incorporating other methods payment outside just latx, including fiat and other dominant crypto. fees will always required latx, similar how ethereum gas functions, matter what other currencies accept. funding breakdown presale minimum project funding was achieved the presale phase. total latx was sold the presale. presale rate was fixed latx per ether. whitelist sale the whitelist sale opened november th, and closed november th, rates were static during this period latx per ether. the whitelist was limited sale open users whose applications were accepted the team. anyone could apply, but only select number applicants were chosen participate this sale. the amount tokens sold this phase will released the close the entire sale. the goal the whitelisting process was ensure diverse token distribution and help mitigate market risk imposed single large token holders. general sale the general sale will open november th, the general sale will comprised tiering structure until the end the sale. tiers will end certain dates unless the allocation sells out before the end date. the general sale rate will priced usd and will increase each tier ends. the tiers are priced usd and the first tier priced per latx. the total max cap eth raised from the whitelist sale and the general sale million usd. the general sale will end before march st, any token sale supply not sold during the general sale will burned. general sale tier structure stage stage stage stage stage token price tokens remaining token price tokens remaining token price tokens remaining token price tokens remaining token price tokens remaining january january january january milliion tokens sold milliion tokens sold milliion tokens sold milliion tokens sold milliion tokens sold march project budget funds raised during the token sale will used for the development and maintenance the latium system. although much the planning and decent amount the development work has already been done prove the proof concept the shareholders expense, understand the task laid before get mass adoption the latium platform requires greater funding than currently have. funds will allocated allow for month runway less volatile currency such usd, eur, gbp chf. this helps protect the project from massive market swings and ensures this project brought production soon possible without market risk. development project budget breakdown marketing security operations legal development these funds will allocated both the existing core team and also recruit new developers help bring the latium system market. the stakeholders plan allocate less than these funds recruitment process open the community. this will allow the community have say who added the team. this system will available latium.org shortly after the end the token sale. marketing acknowledge that order for the latium system get mass adoption need place large focus market exposure. with this mind, have allocated large portion funds received towards marketing. marketing strategies will include, but are not limited to, affiliate marketing, online campaigns, cpa campaigns and gorilla marketing. security the stakeholders acknowledge that security paramount for any crypto based product. plan use this portion funds reward bug bounties, host hackathon and secure outside security audits. operations day day operations will consist admin, and operations staff. these funds will used ensure smooth operation and growth starts that have the required manpower keep with demand. legal these funds will used for legal review all service agreements, terms and privacy policies. also use portion these funds for any potential jurisdictional reviews required. overview token structure token allocation latx tokens total supply) available during all phases the token sale. any tokens not sold during this period will burned. platform adoption incentives latx tokens total supply) will used for promotion once the latium platform production. these tokens will provide incentives sign and use the latium platform during the ramp production. new users will allocated certain amount tokens use within the latium ecosystem (cannot withdrawn but can spent task creation). these million tokens will held lockup contract and released, according the schedule below, for use the system. after release, these funds will held single contract. the only function this contract will release tokens platform users and will made available for public inspection prior the first token release order ensure transparency. the below schedule the maximum that can withdrawn given date. the amount the withdrawal will determined the time release the maximum allowed the lockup contract. the amount withdrawn will solely the management team and based project requirements the time release. this contract has been made available github for public review and etherscan.io https://etherscan.io/address/xeffcfbeacfedcdebdd million latx tokens january million latx tokens april million latx tokens july million latx tokens final incentive release october founder's lockup latx total supply) tokens will held the founder's lockup contract for months releasing november these funds will used expand the management team after production release key areas and founder's equity. this amount the maximum amount that can withdrawn from the lockup contract. the amounts actually withdrawn will left the founders decide the maximum allowed the contract. this contract has been made available github for public review. https://etherscan.io/address/xdaefbeeeefbdaca bounty program latx total supply) will allocated for bounty programs. the following programs are included this allocation wings total supply), general affiliate system (up total supply), general bounty total supply) for bitcointalk members, marketing bounty (.% total supply), such promotional programs, banner ads for party sites. the marketing bounty additional bounty campaign, not guaranteed distribution and will the management team who can receive this bounty. apply for the marketing bounty campaign, please, contact support@latium.org all purchases latx should for the sole purpose use within the platform. this not offer for investment security. you are looking purchase the latx token with purpose other than usage within the platform you should reconsider your purchase. the latium team with over years experience development, fintech and internet commerce, and over years experience business management, david provides the leadership and technical background for the latium platform. david johnson ceo/founder with keen eye for detail, matt helps take ideas from concept creation. working hands with both the latium designers and developers, matt ensures culture where both creativity and functionality can thrive. matt carden cco/ co-founder ben handles the day day organization the design teams for latium, while also working implement the latium platform. ben also works very closely with all aspects the marketing teams focusing the growth and development the latium ben myers design/development coordinator the creative director for the latium design team, moises coordinates with the team achieve the daily needs the latium project. his creativity the forefront the beautiful latium design. moises uses his comprehensive knowledge adobe creative suite, well his considerable talent for graphic design drive the latium design process towards the goal creating beautiful and functional design for the entire latium project. moises carmona creative director member the graphic design team daniel provides vision that adds new perspective the for the latium project. his skills combine combination unique visual elements that make for stunning imagery and design. daniel alvarado graphic designer jose highly talented design engineer with master's degree systems engineering. has extensive experience and handles everything from coporate branding, website design, and video animation. his relentless effort design the highest quality work makes him essential part the latium team. his expertise includes, but not limited to, photoshop, dreamweaver, illustrator, and after effects. jose duarte graphic designer evgeny has over years experience frontend design and backend development. extremely proficient c#, vb.net, asp, asp.net, mvc, xml, json, front-end coding, angularjs, react, javascript, and jquery. his expertise these technologies, well html and css, prove evgeny very efficient and reliable member the latium development team. evgeny makarov lead front end developer alexey brings solid foundation the latium development team with over years experience backend development with focus javascript frameworks and system architecture. alexey has experience and expertise with node.js, asp.net, redis, mysql, postgresql, and mssql. his knowledge solidity valuable asset for the latium development team. alexey podgaynov lead back end developer with over years experience software development, igor highly skilled both android and ios development. has wide range technical expertise objective-c, swift, c#, vb.net, asp.net, html, xml, javascript, visual foxpro, sql, c++, java, and t-sql. igor has proven great member the latium development team, providing both technical expertise concerning both and development and implementation. igor kushnarev mobile developer ruslan computer engineer and has over years experience mobile development including both android and ios platforms. ruslan posesses technical expertise sql, t-sql, asm, delphi, pascal, php, html, xml, xslt, java, javascript, jquery, angular, node js, c#, asp.net, liunx, and objective integral member the latium team providing extensive technical knowledge for all aspects the latium platform. ruslan rybalchenko mobile developer john technology and internet security pioneer. founded mcafee associates and created the first commercial antivirus software. john currently serves the ceo mgt capital investments, inc. john mcafee advisor bob has over years experience management the financial and banking sector. including being the managing director one the largest forex broker dealers the world. bob slade advisor kate kurbanova kate works heads analytics cindicator fintech company that successfully raised the hard cap eth during their token sale september she analyst with more than years experience finance, well short-term trader who trades both traditional and crypto financial markets. kate's expertise community management vital latium community. she utilizes that expertise through the management and moderation latium's social channels such telegram and twitter. advisor chris year technology investment banker that has facilitated over million transactions. loves working with disruptive companies that have the potential for global impact. chris kern advisor eduardo experienced investor within the blockchain industry. leads large disruptive trading group and provides valuable insight into the crypto community. his experience and insight are valuable assets the latium team eduardo gil canamero advisor herman brings years experience project management the latium team. has extensive knowledge the crypto space through his development and creation the first crypto exchange iceland, isx.is. herman finnbjornsson advisor felix business attorney and regulatory counsel. his practice, shipkevich pllc. focuses providing counsel fintech and financial services firms, including financial technology, payments and the emerging digital currency space. felix shipkevich legal counsel legal disclaimers please read this section carefully. you should consult your legal, financial, tax, other professional advisor before taking any action connection with this token sale participation token sale can highly speculative and could involve risk loss. prospective token purchasers should not construe this website white paper any disclosures disclaimers contained therein source legal tax advice. the white paper currently contains fair summary latium network inc.'s vision and the operation and utility its token, and subject changes the matters relevant importance evolve. further, this website white paper does not constitute the offering security. have consulted and continue work with legal counsel assess the possible regulatory treatment the united states securities and exchange commission light the developing regulatory guidance. presently, the primary method for determining whether particular instrument should characterized security under united states securities laws was promulgated the united states supreme court sec w.j. howey, u.s. (), providing for what has become known howey test. according the howey test, instrument security the following four factors are satisfied: investment money, common enterprise, with expectation profits, solely from the efforts others. the sec did not take the position whether virtual currencies, interests such currencies, are themselves securities, instead indicating that will apply the same framework that the sec and courts have applied thus far. july the sec division enforcement issued investigative report involving tokens issued the dao, virtual organization. the biggest takeaway from this investigative report that tokens that function like investment contracts under the howey test will treated securities. although the courts the united states have not yet directly applied the howey test any digital currency blockchain token, latium network inc. and its counsel have conducted analysis under the howey test, and continues so, with the conclusion that, all likelihood, latium does not pose significant risk implicating federal securities laws. light this, and absent any contrary conclusions findings, latium tokens have not and will not registered filed under the securities laws regulations the united states. notwithstanding the conducted research, analysis, and due diligence, the regulatory status cryptographic tokens, digital assets and blockchain technology young industry, varies significantly among jurisdictions, and thus subject significant uncertainty. due this uncertainty and the general nature the rapidly changing regulatory landscape, there always risk that latium tokens may not exempt from securities registration requirements the united states. latium network inc.'s representations and securities assessments are not guarantee that the sec any other regulatory authority will not determine the tokens securities subject registration. possible that certain jurisdictions, whether state federal, domestic foreign, may adopt laws, regulations, policies rules affecting the ethereum network, through which latium operates, restricting the right acquire, own, hold, sell, convert, trade, use latium tokens. reiterate briefer form, developments laws, regulations, policies rules may alter the nature the operation the blockchain network upon which the latium tokens are dependent. latium tokens have not been approved disapproved the united states securities and exchange commission, any state's securities commission any other regulatory authority. should latium tokens deemed securities the sec another regulatory authority, latium inc. and participants the latium token sale may subject penalties absent proper registration. all statements, estimates and financial information contained this website, made any press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made latium network, inc. that are not statements historical fact, constitute "forward-looking statements" defined the private securities litigation reform act this includes, but not limited to, the future revenues, earnings, strategies, and prospects latium network, inc. all statements that are not purely historical constitute future-looking statements. such forward-looking statements are subject risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results differ materially from those anticipated. moreover, such statements are based latium network, inc.'s beliefs well assumptions made based information currently available it. the following non-exclusive list words, when used within this website white paper, and variations thereof are intended identify forward-looking statements: "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "should," "project." readers