lgo group building trust white paper part november summary the part our white paper described the architecture fair design platform using protocol that rendered market manipulation impossible. however, robust platform can only reach its full potential healthy environment. for that reason, and thanks the success our ico, lgo group creating healthy environment for the entire cryptocurrency ecosystem. specifically, lgo group has set goal building trust during every stage the life crypto-asset, including its creation, its promotion, its purchase, its storage, and, course, its use. this second version our white paper, will begin presenting lgo group's plan, and the fundamental principles abide part our approach. will then present the organizational structure our teams, and expand the role each department detail. conclude, will present lgo group's technical innovations and major research topics. summary ecosystem that still frightens people lack trust lack security lack regulation solutions are within our reach lgo's golden rules for building trust hybrid architecture the two-man rule end-to-end security error-prevention system unilateral controls our customers' funds legal compliance the foremost prerequisite lgo group, organization that lives our goals team products services lgo exchange lgo markets fair design anti-front running protocol traceable and auditable matching engine secure design secure onboarding and authentication hardware wallet multisig wallet regulated design clearing firm settlement transparency compliant tokens performance design scalability high throughput standard interfaces for all usage api (rest, fix, websocket) user interface lgo launch new markets, new economy lgo launch services lgo solutions full security for crypto asset management hardware wallet hsm annexes clearing settlement processes domain context temporal context temporal context, cashflow consideration architecture low latency high availability throughput ecosystem that still frightens people lack trust satoshi nakamoto proposed system for electronic transactions without relying trust" october, however, since the creation bitcoin, the main scandals that have rocked the community have been caused the abuse trust committed certain operators. this may appear paradoxical first glance, although becomes obvious when understand that without relying trust actually means without relying trusted authority not relying trusted authority, which limits the recourse for victims fraud, has often been interpreted unscrupulous individuals way circumvent the fundamental principles which enable secure marketplace. the bitcoin community quickly realized that trustless system was ideal environment for the acts "trustless people" potential solutions such the "web trust" have emerged, but this type system based reputation has struggled due the difficulty consistent implementation. lack security over us$ billion crypto-assets were stolen between january and june (), and the list hacking attacks grows longer every day. the popularity crypto-assets among "cyber-criminals" explained their intrinsic attributes, i.e. anonymity and non-reversibility. fact, unlike bank account, anyone can create bitcoin address just few minutes and perform transactions without any central authority place cancel them. believe that this explanation wrong, since most the known hacking attacks are direct consequence lack professionalism among operators who are not sufficiently informed the associated risks (). lack regulation the u.s. securities and exchange commission (sec) describes the existing platforms for crypto-assets "unregulated mess" (), and requests that professionals who wish invest icos exercise extreme caution (). most regulatory agencies throughout the world have reviewed the case crypto-assets, although most have not issued clear and detailed legislation regarding them. many people have taken advantage this legal void create platforms launch icos outside any legal framework, and without any means recourse. while some individuals may have greater risk tolerance, several institutions will not take these types risks without defined regulation (). solutions are within our reach order mitigate the problems mentioned previously proposing comprehensive and consistent environment that systematically leverages components and ensures each action can independently verified its users. accordingly, none the components the system require blind trust, which precisely what enables people use with complete confidence: "trustless therefore trustworthy" the lack security the ecosystem can addressed. the tools and methods that secure digital assets are well-known, such using "hardware wallet" ultisig addresses. the design our platform has been governed strict security rules since its inception: secure design" platform. meanwhile, where the regulation the market concerned, now possible establish legal framework with processes that enables institutions invest crypto-assets and icos with the assistance international experts and the collaboration regulatory authorities. our teams are establishing this framework, which described later this document, and all our activities are "regulated default" accordingly, lgo's approach build trustworthy environment for all the operators: trustworthy, secure, and regulated environment. lgo's golden rules for building trust hybrid architecture lgo's goal build "fair design" platform, and not completely decentralized platform. ensure that system cannot manipulated those who maintain it, that system must have two attributes: verifiable, multilateralism. verifiable mplies logging all the actions performed the system immutable medium. the bitcoin blockchain the best technical tool for this function, because immutability can only promoted medium free any central control. once the actions have been logged, not necessary for the system's actions systematically executed decentralized manner. conversely, becomes necessary for some information not revealed before certain event. for instance, the content trader's order must not revealed before its place the order book has been determined. this the point when ultilateralism becomes relevant. allocating the information among various operators with different interests, can ensure that none them are possession all the information. therefore, single entity will able use the data for their own interests. this what call ybrid architecture lgo, i.e. using decentralisation ensure verifiability and multilateralism order promote the protection sensitive information. this type architecture avoids the constraints completely decentralized systems, while achieving the same functionality, performance, and security fully centralized system. the two-man rule the two-man rule mandates dividing the power performing important tasks between multiple people. adds layer control and security the fact that actions must performed jointly. the lgo environment, all the operations which enable individuals take control funds, either directly indirectly, require verification and authorization more than one person. this applies the monitoring and approval transactions crypto-assets, well for publishing update the platform online. end-to-end security end-to-end security involves the systematic implementation security mechanisms the connection points. the case lgo, this primarily means that supply our users with the software and hardware tools required comply with the best security practices for the storage crypto-assets and the signing transactions. error-prevention system the lgo environment designed such way that any errors are immediately identified and corrected. this particularly important given the non-reversible nature crypto-asset transactions. the four main error-prevention mechanisms that lgo uses are: multilateralism, which provides effective protection against theft, the loss one the three keys; manual controls all critical operations several people (see the two-man rule); "machine learning" system identify and flag unusual behaviours such "fat-finger" errors; the implementation holding periods before the execution non-reversible transactions such withdrawals, order give the user opportunity cancel modify them. unilateral controls our customers' funds given the lack central authority, one the main challenges for scaling the crypto-asset environment building effective mechanisms protect against counterparty risk. solve this problem, lgo has elected never have total control over its users' funds, but instead shares that control between: the users; regulated partners such custodians, clearing houses and banks; lgo. sharing responsibilities among multiple entities enables the highest level security and aligns with the best practices the traditional financial sector. legal compliance the foremost prerequisite the technical architecture and the processes the lgo environment have been designed collaboration with our legal and regulatory partners. therefore, the current regulatory framework taken into account the technical and product teams. this the reason why are able have partners and customers among regulated financial institutions. furthermore, our teams maintain regular communications with the regulatory authorities, which allows accurately informed, well help those authorities understand the specific features the crypto-asset ecosystem. lgo group, organization that lives our goals lgo's aim build trust the entire crypto-asset ecosystem. accordingly, the scope our remit covers wide range technical and legal issues, and therefore requires thorough organizational process. the challenge posed this organizational process consists pooling expertise, the extent possible, while allowing every team maximum amount independence and flexibility. this means that every team position take advantage its own potential the maximum possible extent, well benefit from the other teams' expertise optimal manner. lgo divided into two types departments: the "product" teams and the "service" teams. the responsibility the service teams design out-of-the-box services based the product teams' innovative developments. fact, crucial for the crypto-assets used, which circulate between our various services, fully legal and compliant with the laws effect, well with our values. will refrain from working with digital assets issued via suspicious icos traded for market manipulation purposes. team our main goal create trusted cryptocurrency platform. this why, since day one, have been striving put together unbeatable team with surplus talent. the lgo team composed entrepreneurs, investors and software engineers who have worked, co-founded and exited companies the past. september our recruitment efforts have certainly paid off and are proud have welcomed more than people the lgo family new york (us) and bordeaux (france), working everyday bring the project one step closer launch. our goal offer the best product and level service our clients. believe this possible with our great team. products lgo software and lgo solutions develop the software applications and the hardware tools used the teams responsible for the lgo services. the main lgo products are: "fair design" hybrid platform platform for icos hsm (hardware secure module) hardware wallet services lgo markets operates trading platform for institutional investors. lgo exchange trading platform for retail investors. lgo launch provides services clients that function expand their reach the widespread crypto-community. lgo exchange lgo markets aim bring both retail and institutional investors the same level security and fairness. our approach provide two separate trading platforms, leveraging the same technological stack. this why, order accommodate the needs and requirements each type client, will launch two adapted platforms: lgo markets for institutions and lgo exchange for retail investors. fair design lgo promotes fairness and transparency utilizing innovative anti-front running solution and novel blockchain-based technology. blockchain technology the main mechanism that makes possible reintroduce trust industry that lacks transparency. our trading platform built semi-decentralized protocol, which the orderbooks and the trades are saved blockchain. anti-front running protocol the main characteristic our trading platform the anti-front running module, which belongs the center the lgo protocol. designed meet our values matching the requirements traditional stock platforms both terms security and transparency. the lgo protocol requires the user's order confidential before reaching the platform and nobody can know the client's order content. moreover, the protocol protects the trading flow from any malicious treatment market manipulation. use the blockchain proof the orders' placement the platform. anyone will able verify the trades which were executed and the orders that were placed beforehand are logically and transparently linked. the trade records are publicly available and can audited. traceable and auditable lgo believes that the only efficient means reporting rests with technologies making every platform operation traceable public blockchain. the essence blockchains immutable. once block written onto blockchain, ata legitimized and becomes very difficult change. the bitcoin blockchain publicly distributed decentralized network, meaning nobody "owns" it. lgo will batch all orders placed our platform and engrave footprint the blockchain, this will make our trading activity fully traceable and auditable. most the current platforms today define transparency delivering log files generated under their sole control and not real time. matching engine the matching engine takes orders input, matches them and produces trades output. the behaviour the matching engine absolutely deterministic. given starting snapshot and given the same sequence events, the business logic ends exactly the same state and produces exactly the same output. this beneficial for testing, recovery, diagnostics, analytics and auditability. the matching engine will use algorithms designed handle high volume trading and large orders. order deliver fair platform, need find the best balance for all investor types and order sizes issued. don't want set priority rules that will create disadvantages and frustration. optimal trading platform built with matching engine algorithms that avoid phantom orders and striking equitable balance that rewards both liquidity providers and market participants. the matching engine algorithm needs create balanced environment leveraging various criteria such time, price and volume. believe crucial order build framework that will attract investors with rational behaviors who want trade efficiently. secure design secure onboarding and authentication the objective the lgo onboarding and authentication process identify our clients and create trusted environment for them. several exchanges have been the victim hacks throughout the years, the lgo team wants bring high level authentication security this marketplace. will utilize strong authentication mechanism order access our platform. for each connection, actively monitor who tries access the platform. require users verify their identity; all institutions and traders must successfully complete lgo's onboarding process. this includes know your customer ("kyc") and anti money laundering ("aml") reviews. the connection the platform then initiated via hardware wallet. kyc the process obtaining information about client's identity, assessing potential risks illegal intentions and ensuring full compliance the source funds. aml checks are done ensure that institutions and individuals are not any sanction lists the united states other countries. these requirements are line with traditionally regulated entities. hardware wallet have opted use hardware wallet to: verify user's identity; secure movements funds. the hardware wallet highly recommended for substantial holdings. moreover, will significantly increase safeness and trustworthiness the transactions happening through lgo. multisig wallet order promote the protection orders and the signing transactions, lgo utilizes the "two-man rule". this requires the consent two parties authorize access sensitive information any transfer funds. accordingly, will exclusively offer -of- multi-signature wallet that will facto comply with our two-man rule, order avoid unilateral control over the funds, and enable shared management. all these arrangements provide high degree protection for the data and enable the full safeguarding funds the event that key stolen lost. traders will find environment that ensures the integrity their funds the lgo platform thanks portfolio dedicated trading activities. regulated design clearing firm the traditional financial industry, clearing firms are responsible for components the post-trade processes. they are highly regulated and are used routinely process millions transactions, ensuring the accuracy the trade details and seamless settlement lgo, the clearing firm's role to:: maintain custody one key for the trading wallet; handle the confirmation, settlement and delivery the transactions. this setup complete innovation the cryptocurrency space: lgo not claiming custody any assets, and thanks the -of- multi-signature feature our clients' wallets, their funds are time risk being lost stolen. this unique and secure transaction management system that are deploying the platform. result, clients will able focus buying and selling cryptocurrencies without worrying about the safety their funds. through strong partnerships with clearing firms, lgo markets clients will have accounts established fiat custodians which they'll able deposit fiat currency. this differentiator the cryptocurrency platform industry. several platforms, fiat money usually deposited account controlled the platform operator. this makes deposits (especially large ones) slow and difficult complete. this configuration, our clients will have segregated account which their funds are held separate from the funds lgo and other clients. the account under the client's name and lgo markets has right over it. when client makes fiat deposit, the clearing firm notifies lgo. the client's balance then updated reflect the deposit and funds are made available for trading. lgo markets, make clear separation between clients' funds. the main reason help ensure that the money can easily identified belonging customers, which lowers their risks. traditionally regulated marketplace, there are stringent rules governing the eparation customer funds and securities (). settlement each lgo client has its own segregated account and its own wallet. because this setup, have introduce concept that key the traditional financial space: the settlement trades. the clearing firms will receive all executed trades lgo and proceed clearing and settlement these trades accordingly. settlement multi-signature wallet environment will require the clearing firm countersign any transaction using their key before broadcasting the blockchain. every movement funds will verified both lgo and the clearing firm. transparency all order data will stored our internal databases (off-chain) and footprint the blockchain (on-chain). blockchain storage means that this data will publicly accessible any time for traceability and auditing purposes. won't contain any personally identifiable information ("pii") this information stored off-chain and encrypted our databases. addition, will have technical logs for all the flows the platform (deposits, withdrawals, orders, trades, etc) for audit purposes. this line with recordkeeping requirements traditionally regulated firms. compliant tokens lgo markets, through its affiliate lgo securities, applying for finra membership and alternative trading system ("ats") with the sec. once are approved, will permit lgo list tokens (which are considered securities the sec) and compliant with the united states securities laws. such, will follow strict internal and external guidelines when listing new tokens our trading platforms (). wash trading and price manipulation have been common the cryptocurrency market. lgo will establish rules regarding any asset listed our platform. the goal create sound regulatory framework. will continuously monitor the trading our platform order identify and remediate any manipulative activity. when listing new tokens, will comply with all rules from the applicable regulators within the united states. performance design scalability the lgo platform designed support any digital asset. listing new products will possible our components (api, matching engine, ...) are agnostic the asset being traded. when necessary, our back-office processes will adapted for accounting purposes. high throughput each block blockchain contains limited amount information. this creates limitations when the activity the platform grows beyond network capacity. this low throughput major obstacle for trading, delaying client's order due technological limitations unacceptable. our trading platform designed maintain industry-level trade execution time while leveraging the blockchain technology with our anti front-running protocol. processing multiple orders per batch, are able reach high volume transactions issued per second. standard interfaces for all usage api (rest, fix, websocket) lgo will propose different ways access the trading platform, according our customers' needs and size. websocket api will implemented reach our platform functionalities and retrieve the latest trades and orders real time. future release, will also compatible with the financial information exchange (fix) protocol, the most efficient standard the industry, receive market quotes and place orders. user interface most the interfaces proposed our competitors appear the form web interfaces. web apps have many advantages: there installation (the application runs the browser); the ecosystem has been tried and tested large number developers; the application does not depend the os. considering the significant amounts money that could transacted our customers the platform, the security strong aspect our application; cannot rely browser that could compromised. the electron framework enables create application based web technologies. using this framework, will retain the advantages web-based technology, while gaining greater control over the environment which our application will run. the use electron enables gain access the machines' hardware (usb ports) straightforward manner. have made the decision use the react and redux stacks combination with electron. this stack has already proven its ability support large number simultaneous connections. vibrant community and ecosystem ensure the sustainability this powerful stack. typescript the language used the electron developments, has been created microsoft and enables type system added javascript. the typing introduced typescript has several advantages: stronger code simplified re-factoring natural documentation lgo launch lgo's mission create fully regulated platform buy and sell crypto-assets. order scale this platform effectively, must able accommodate and service external clients global scale through structured process. therefore, established lgo launch agency provide services external clients which function extend their reach the wider crypto-community. furthermore, lgo's knowledge the crypto-community unmatched and backed experience. the lgo launch team utilizes content creation, diffusion, and traction approach that unmatched the industry. new markets, new economy the scale lgo's global impact, the size the community built, and the level success our ico attracted interest from other entrepreneurs the blockchain space. they were conducting their own token sales, they approached seeking strategies, knowledge, and guidance. because wanted promote the opportunities presented distributed ledger technologies, decided help them very informal manner. addition, number existing companies that have implemented blockchain solutions into their existing processes approached us, looking strengthen their community outreach regarding their developments and product releases. quickly came understand how valuable our strategies were for these projects, and realized that structured system needed created provide these services more formal manner. need grow our network ahead the platform's launch, believe that providing our services and support for external clients will bring both new community and wealth knowledge onto our platform. lgo launch services important for lgo launch follow the high-quality standards set lgo markets exchange, which why each potential client will thoroughly reviewed and vetted our team and advisors before any onboarding discussions are considered. this pre-onboarding stage essential making sure all interests are aligned. lgo launch offers the following services: international marketing: raising awareness all around the globe content and multimedia production campaign management social media and community management public relations lgo solutions end-to-end security clearly not respected practice most the existing crypto platforms. never good practice for users keep cryptocurrencies unprotected distant wallets unregulated and uninsured platforms unsecured local software wallets. crypto-assets are required stored online, even for short period time, should done inside dedicated secure hardware called hsm (hardware security module) and they should have local control private keys, one would rather use hardware wallets. both solutions are separately safe and highly recommended but can even combined through multi-signature obtain the highest level security. lgo solutions will bring innovative products with built-in smart card based security new high security standard the crypto space. full security for crypto asset management the main goal our strong authentication control strictly identify, for each connection, who tries access the platform. lgo has learned from the mistakes made hacked crypto platforms and wants bring high level authentication security. believe optimal security level can only ensured secure electronic solution based "smart card" components (secure elements) that embed software adapted the storage and use private keys for sensitive digital assets. after long string failures that hit "crypto-assets" owners, time introduce new framework protect cryptocurrency wallets. lgo solutions will develop and offer security products through: smart card based hardware wallets for crypto-asset owners hardware security module (hsm) for service providers (platform, vendors, neo-banks) addition our "turnkey" offerings, will integrate our solutions into the infrastructure, products and services (oem, white label, custom) our customers and partners. hardware wallet hardware wallets are highly recommended for substantial holdings. moreover, will significantly increase the safety and trust the transactions happening through lgo services. our team will provide hardware wallets all our institutional investors. hardware wallets are required for authentication and well for transactions validation. private keys are generated, stored and used inside the secure element the hardware wallet, and are never exposed unsecure operating systems and applications. hardware wallets are used offline air-gap machines for special cold wallet storage. hsm when partially automated signature for the custody wallets are required, some private keys must live, and may risk. hsm physical computing device that safeguards and manages cryptographic keys, providing secure execution critical code: our case, the transaction signing. hsms have built-in anti-tampering technology that wipes secrets case physical breach. they are architectured around secure cryptoprocessor chips and active physical security measures. these devices are heavily used the financial industry, particularly when critical secrets must protected. hardware wallet, private keys can't extracted from hsm. initialization and backups are done secure backups. restoration private keys can't done with one person one access and requires complex procedure involving the gathering several members and securely stored partial secrets, rendering physical attacks (on servers people) useless. annexes clearing settlement processes lgo markets will provide platform institutional investors. result, clearing and settlement are fundamental processes the platform. after trade executed, the record submitted clearing firm, which confirms that the counterparts agree the trade. the settlement firm receives securities from the seller and cash from the buyer and gives securities the buyer and cash the seller. this process made reduce risk: provides trust between two traders checking that both sides are trustworthy and creditworthy. addition, makes trade possible between two parties that not necessarily need trust one another. domain context trade lifecycle divided into three parts: execution, when the trade created matching orders clearing, with two sub process: reconciliation which the trade validity checked, and netting produce newer balances settlement when assets are actually exchanged this lifecycle why banks manage their trading activities into three entities: the front, middle and back offices. our case, the clearing and settlement processes will processed the same entity described the following document fig overview trade lifecycle ultimately, the clearing and settlement mechanisms could decoupled and operated separates legal entities. temporal context order avoid continuous flow cash between the trading actors' bank accounts, the clearing and settlement process will triggered with specific time interval between two runs. the process will triggered specific event the orders' flow avoid any race condition. fig cut-off event inserted the platform flow course, this event handling will designed have minimum impact the platform operations and should allow launch the clearing process while allowing the platform continue processing orders. temporal context, cashflow consideration thanks the delay between two settlement processes, will able aggregate transactions into multilateral netting operation. can use multiple input with multiple output transaction mimic multilateral netting the bitcoin network. fig. multilateral netting architecture ensure the lowest latency possible the processing batch and promote the valence operations, particular the balances' updates and the platform's critical processes, some strong architecture principles must established and respected. low latency critical platform components (management balances, matching engine) perform all business processes single thread, having access all the data needed the job memory. waiting for database query execute can slow; the same statement true for in-memory caching because disk access network access involves too much latency and risk errors. the price pay for distributing business processes over multiple threads also too high terms primitives synchronization, even using green threads. ensure that much work possible provided the business thread, other threads are busy listening the network retrieve send messages, save them, and deserialise/serialise them. synchronize work all threads, competition pattern, the disruptor, used succeed doing quickly possible (). optimizing the business code and taking care memory consumption, this approach can reach several million operations per second. recover the memory state, all the input messages are saved disk quickly, thanks memory mapping and writing append only. they are simply replayed the start the application. this requires our systems perfectly deterministic, therefore banning edge effects. eventually back this state more quickly, snapshots are produced regular time intervals. track the production rate critical component messages, lgo relies more natural network capabilities rather than using broker (rabbitmq, redis, pub/sub). the use reliable multicast protocols covers this need without involving broker. since everything runs ram, and must run quickly possible, there strict minimum required for critical services (for example, updating balances after order execution). projections are made other components subscribing the events produced these systems. high availability since there traditional database behind critical services, the high availability the data state must ensured other processes. the adopted solution use network consensus algorithm, raft, slightly adapted the context high frequency. raft ensures that cluster, majority members have received and written the message apply (). thus, all the members our cluster receive all the messages and process them, but only the outputs the leader are taken into account. the case losing the leader, member always ready take over. throughput the different components which produce projections are more sensitive volume than latency. batch manufacturing our anti-front running component optimizes writing these systems. depending the type projection, database built for this use can then used. the price history stored time series database which very suitable for storing quantized data sorted date. time series database can then also easily produce aggregations given time period (e.g.: prices aggregated hour period week). the platform's activity history (completed orders, old trades), can easily inserted into traditional relational database. finally, market data are broadcasted subscribers over fix websocket when execution engine events occur. the scaling these projections goes through the sharding fairly traditional way (e.g. launching many processes, generating market data there are products). the use multicast for the propagation events makes this approach work without slowing down critical services. references billion cryptocurrency stolen june https://www.carbonblack.com/wp-content/uploads///cryptocurrency_gold_rush_on_th e_dark_web_carbon_black_report_june_.pdf new study says percent icos conducted were scams july https://research.bloomberg.com/pub/res/dgiwtfgt_wraugdgfq sec says cryptocurrency exchanges are unregulated mess march https://techcrunch.com////sec-says-cryptocurrency-exchanges-are-an-unregulated-mess hackers steal almost from cryptocurrency icos https://www.ey.com/publication/vwluassets/ey-research-initial-coin-offerings-icos/%file/eyresearch-initial-coin-offerings-icos.pdf the year institutional investors belly icos? https://thirtyk.com////institutional-investors-icos/ lgo smart contract available github https://github.com/legolasexchange/legolastoken customer protection rule initiative https://www.sec.gov/divisions/enforce/customer-protection-rule-initiative.shtml opening remarks the securities regulation institute, sec chairman jay clayton https://www.sec.gov/news/speech/speech-clayton- statement potentially unlawful online platforms for trading digital assets march https://www.sec.gov/news/public-statement/enforcement-tm-statement-potentially-unlawful-on line-platforms-trading high performance alternative bounded queues for exchanging data between concurrent threads http://lmax-exchange.github.io/disruptor/files/disruptor-..pdf the raft consensus algorithm ttps://raft.github.io