lemo white paper english lemo foundation ltd, all rights reserved pearl's hill terrace singapore powerful agile cross-application data circulation lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure lemo cross-application ecosystem for business data circulation, based secure multi-party computation. offering application developers and operators universal user account system, smart contracts, well ownership authentication and circulation digital assets build flourishing decentralized data ecosystem. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure important disclaimer there are risks, and uncertainties associated with lemo and/or the distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the lemo tokens, the lemo initial token pre-sale and the lemo wallet (each referred this whitepaper). you can find description the risk related the token pre-sale under the section legal, which should read carefully. this whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination token pre-sale initial coin offering like the one described this whitepaper prohibited restricted. the lemo tokens are not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction. lemo tokens are utility token and cannot have performance particular value outside the lemo platform. therefore, this whitepaper cannot constitute prospectus offer document for investment securities. this whitepaper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice sell, any solicitation any offer lemo purchase any lemo tokens give any help any investment decision. you are not eligible, and you are not purchase any lemo tokens the lemo token pre-sale (as referred this whitepaper) you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder the united states america resident the people's republic china. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure contents lemo............................................................................................................... important disclaimer.............................................................................. contents... ...................................................................................................... executive summary ... ....................................................................................... lemo's design concept....................................................................................... why did create lemo... ........................................................................... components lemochain's ecosystem ............................................................ systems architecture................................................................................. consensus mechanism... ........................................................................... throughput... .......................................................................................... data storage............................................................................................. safe transactions... ................................................................................. smart contract.......................................................................................... application layer services........................................................................... account system... ................................................................................. online safe... ....................................................................................... data exchange template... ..................................................................... lemo wallet... .......................................................................................... application prospects based lemochain................................................... multiple industry support... ..................................................................... application scenario... ........................................................................... lemo release... ............................................................................................. creation tokens... ................................................................................. lemo's pre-sale plan................................................................................. overview... ............................................................................................. early investors... ....................................................................................... budget ... ................................................................................................ unlocking plan early token holders ... ...................................................... white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure lemochain's governance ecological framework... ............................................. lemo foundation ltd................................................................................. lemochain founding team... ..................................................................... lemo's strategic partners... ........................................................................ lemo's execution and iteration... ..................................................................... timeline................................................................................................... lemo pre-sale plan.................................................................................... lemo iterative planning... ........................................................................... lemo's disclaimer and risk statement............................................................... disclaimer................................................................................................ risk statement.......................................................................................... white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure executive summary the founders lemochain (lemo for short) are committed developing decentralized data circulation ecosystem, focused facilitating the effective open exchange structured business data. built blockchain technology, lemo's 'smartcontract value transfer protocol' able achieve and data exchange across dapp platform decentralized application platform suitable for range industries (including education, social networking, gaming, recruitment, finance etc.). lemo's innovative technology, comprehensive ecosystem governance and inclusive nature will facilitate all- encompassing platform for widespread data pioneering. from technical viewpoint, lemo possesses strong research and development capabilities. through implementing established technological framework, lemo will the first blockchain run d-povp (delegated proof valued participation) consensus mechanism. this innovative mechanism will implemented alignment with varying regulatory requirements across broad spectrum commercial applications. meanwhile, the adoption secure multi-party computation, zero-knowledge proofs and homomorphic encryption will ensure secure and efficient data transfer; thus establishing the underlying trust foundations for data circulation lemo. from angle ecosystem governance, the lemo foundation designed drive r&d growth, governance transparency and the overall development the lemochain ecosystem, strive for universal security and cooperation between all stakeholders. the foundation regularly evaluates all aspects the open source community from several dimensions such code management, team management, financial management and public relations. thus, the sustainability lemo, the efficiency the foundation's management and the security crowdfunding can ensured. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure regards mobile applications, lemo, along with service providers, will enhance business' off-chain capabilities facilitating decentralized application development and providing smart contracts which align with real commercial logic. eventually, not only does lemo strive for the broad adoption 'go-mobile' strategies; but ultimately aims optimize traditional businesses using blockchain technology. lemo maintains the belief that realizing blockchain's potential for business development, companies can bring tangible benefits range stakeholders. within the whole ecosystem, lemo will collaborate with third-party developers provide support and technical framework assistance, including: lemo token the encrypted lemo token (lemo) will the universal medium exchange lemo. lemo will stable store value that will facilitate data exchange, regardless time location. commercial data matching and trading system providing data distribution services based multi-party computation calculations; assisting different applications developing compliant and transparent data distribution channels. data circulation sharing data (serving for all social apps), helping different apps build legal and transparent data flow channels. account system one account has access all apps, increasing conversion rates and expanding traffic sources. digital asset smart contract ensuring the ownership authentication digital assets for developers and users; helping the circulation and liquidation digital assets, thus improving user's mobilization. ntegrity system user credit system; interest-driven system, evaluating overall ecosystem contribution; recognize and reward positive contribution whilst discouraging negative input. this will aid developers selecting target users whilst increasing conversion rates. data encryption storage and transmission system providing securely encrypted system for the storage and transmission data for b-end users and developers the same time, will lay down reward plan encourage early third-party developers work with lemochain-based mobile-end services, promoting the efficient and synergetic development blockchain. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure lemo's design concept why did create lemo since bitcoin's implementation open source currency have witnessed global phenomenon: emergence countless projects founded achieving socio-economic development means decentralization and distributed ledger technologies. arguably, the most notable these projects being the ethereum project, which focused proving the potential smart contracts whilst developing universal platform for decentralized applications (dapps). however, despite these advances, the blockchain world still faces host challenges from both technical and industrial perspectives: many existing smart-contract platforms have struggled connect with real business logic due the technological distance from everyday business, with both bitcoin and ethereum architecture having limited widespread application the common consumer. current consensus mechanisms lack flexibility and efficiency; the exchange value not centered around transferability real commercial scenarios. the compatibility problems between different blockchain platforms. for example, utxo-based bitcoin ecosystem isn't compatible with account-based ethereum. existing blockchain platforms are isolated from off-chain data. present, most smart contracts solely accept on-chain data the trigger condition, lacking interchangeability within the real world. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure are committed building brand-new blockchain data transmission ecosystem; lemo, universal internet data value transmission protocol for future decentralized applications, digitizing and tokenizing data values, and promoting blockchain technology applied real-life business scenarios. are aiming build new data circulation system, based lemochain, which will become the universal online data transfer protocol. this how lemochain will connect blockchain technology with the real world. the same time, offline and online business activities, valid data transfer and exchange has always been the power source their business model. traditional commercial activity faces the following obstacles whilst obtaining this data: white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure well as: data transmission security the use and attribution data are not effectively guaranteed and the process cannot monitored and opaque the trust costs both sides data transactions are generally high, which directly leads the liquidity the data, the value generates, and its limited value. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure the vision lemochain lemochain the future data value transfer solution for applications and businesses alike. ecosystem powered blockchain technology. the lemo foundation aiming integrate blockchain technology into range industries, such as: social networks, gaming, education and recruitment. this will executed through building communities third-party developers, operating network that constantly evolving alongside the ecosystem. the design principles lemochain white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure whilst striving facilitate the optimum operation lemo-based applications, scalability must top priority. slow transaction speeds inhibit the overall success the ecosystem and prevent the growth future applications; essentially rendering the underlying vision flourishing decentralized ecosystem lemo flawed. for example, cryptokitties caused transactions the ethereum network blocked, whilst consuming the entire network. the dpos based graphene/ eos framework can provide tps with and average transaction speed second; thus, reaching visa scale transaction processing capabilities. these are hugely promising developments but has highlighted some clear room for development lemo. lemo will address the following characteristics its' technical design: universally applicable data circulation blockchain focused broad market, lemo serves specific industry and strives for widespread integration both within and between industries. meanwhile, lemo will provide development kits and tools aid developers' integration into the ecosystem. easily upgradable bugs are inevitable hurdle for any project and regular optimization key long term success any organization. bitcoin's centralized computing power has resulted mining pool with democratic input; it's evolution stable decentralized network arguably hindered the conflict interest that occurs between all stakeholders, from users miners and even between mining pools. conversely, ethereum's failure reach common consensus following the hack the dao led the hard fork into eth and etc, thus creating two separate forks that both require their own regular bug fixes. lemo will ensure full community input and decentralized contribution, whilst ensuring all bugs and shortcomings are met with high degree efficiency and transparency. security privacy lemo, from its core blockchain code its upper application interface will coherently white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure safeguard user privacy across all aspects data exchange within its' ecosystem. this will ensure sole ownership data from the original holder, with access available any third party. all code related the data privacy and user protection will open-sourced entirely accept consistent community feedback. additionally, lemo will organize regular code audits ensure the entire mechanism can withstand any malicious attacks. transparency support lemo will develop blockchain infrastructure with friendly user interface for true accessibility; with this being backed the release development kits for developers wishing operate lemo. lemo will also regular collaboration and idea sharing with industry partners, aiming align with one core vision prosperous open data exchange infrastructure. response the current limitations and various issues with existing blockchain technology, lemo has proposed the following goals targeted addressing existing public blockchain platforms (circa october make blockchain universally compatible with real world business; develop flexible and comprehensive consensus mechanism; lower the transaction cost and solve the existing credit problems current business environments; conditionally release the smart contract based the on-chain data, achieving interconnection between blockchain and the real world; provide universal account system eliminate boundaries faced current applications; protect the rights and interests all participants; aid the full circulation participant's digital assets; based all these goals, lemo will provide solution which mainly includes five major notions improve the overall application data circulation the future: data circulation system based secure multi-party computation, with smart contracts aid users effectively exchange and circulate data and white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure digital assets; high-speed decentralized data storage and transmission system based blockchain smart contracts and homomorphic encryption technology. this will help developers, service providers, and users securely store data (digital assets) ensure that all participants rights and interests are rightfully protected. issuing lemo tokens quantitative proof ownership and distribution medium for digital assets; account system that establishes common account for all participants the system and eliminates the boundaries between varying businesses and applications lemo; credit system that uses smart contracts agree the credit impact different community behaviors; maintaining the value system the community decentralized manner whilst rewarding quality participants and discouraging and/or punishing negative contribution. whilst looking security, the antagonistic relationship between developers and users, combined with the competition between different developers the same field hindering industry and societal progress. lemo's decentralized architecture, users and different developers are all participants with common goal. contributing their own products, development and operational capabilities, they each provide the ecosystem: information, data, community governance, traffic, storage space, assets, etc., receive tokens from the community. the same time, lemo provides liquidation and circulation channel for digital assets and equity that will benefit all participants the system. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure components lemochain's ecosystem stakeholders the stakeholders lemochain represent the true operational capability lemochain's ecosystem. defining them from various dimensions, we've divided stakeholders into following categories: users users enter into the ecosystem via dapps; creating accounts, inviting other users, and positively contributing information users obtain financial reward, 'lemo'. also, lemo can used other dapps lemochain pay for services such data storage, cross-application data ownership authentication and circulation. developers/carriers developers/carriers enter into ecosystem through integrating and using lemo api their applications. building applications, acquiring users, and contributing encrypted data, they gain lemo reward. after ownership authentication and quotation conducted lemo, data contributed will have access the overall circulation, offer other participations the valuable information they need, through which developers can gain lemo. developers can also broadcast within lemochain for their data demands (new user acquisition, business analytics and user behaviors). for those with limited app developing capabilities, lemochain will also provide fundamental user framework even those with less resources can reap the benefits the lemo ecosystem. storage nodes storage nodes enter into ecosystem contributing their own storage space and computing power. owners limited storage server space can represent storage nodes white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure join the ecosystem and get lemo tokens providing decentralized storage and computing power for the entire ecosystem. investors investors can acquire early ownership lemo token the pre-sale stage. investors are early supporters and visionaries the lemochain ecosystem. the funds raised investors will used developing lemochain, community building, marketing promotion, and daily operation, whilst laying the foundations for other participants' benefits. opinion leaders every months, lemo foundation ltd will nominate candidates opinion leaders through comprehensive evaluation based annual community contribution. then, community participants vote ballot. opinion leaders can bring forward opinions ecosystem development and then after auditing, the future trend lemo ecosystem will determined participants' voting. the same time, opinion leaders also embrace voting rights the lemo foundation, enabling them work lemochainrelated decisions, whilst gaining lemo from the community for their valued contribution. the lemo ecosystem open and free for everyone. people will required pay lemo only when using specific storage data. lemo token can acquired investing lemo foundation ltd during early stages making contributions the ecosystem including contributing their own data, creating traffic, providing storage and computing, inviting new users, participating community governance and more. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure systems architecture white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure consensus mechanism the consensus mechanism has always been hot topic blockchain research. the prevailing view that effective algorithms must comply with the byzantine fault tolerance principle. and needs safe, clear and irreversible the shortest possible time, and easy provide most solid and decentralized system. practice, the process divided into two aspects: selecting unique node generate block and making the transaction ledger irreversible. the byzantine fault-tolerance problem can expressed major solution the problem general trusted communication. group generals want achieve certain goal (consistent attack retreat), and the individual actions cannot completed. consensus must reached through cooperation. however, due the presence traitors, the generals not know how achieve agreement. here "consistency" the main content the discussion general byzantine. currently there are many algorithms that have solved the byzantine general problem. here are some common algorithms pbft the pbft mechanism represented the ibm hyperledger fabric. the core solution describes the state machine replica replication algorithm. first, master node responsible for block production; then, the received transaction data broadcast the entire network. eventually each node keeps copy the state the service. the total number sets composed all copies denoted and each copy represented |n|-, long the number untrusted copies (analogous the number traitors) (|n|-)/, then this system can operate normally. under this mechanism, all nodes eventually reach the same consensus and therefore not diverge. the master node goes offline, the backup node triggers timeout mechanism and selects the next master node based the node number. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure the working premise pbft that the nodes the network are known advance, and therefore are only applicable the consortium chain private chain. nodes working under the pbft mechanism need communicate with each other. the complexity network communication (n^). the traffic volume will grow explosively the number nodes grows. public-chain environment, will cause serious broadcast storms. proof work (pow) pow research report posted nakamoto secret crypto-discussion group the report describes his new ideas cryptocurrency and the proposed bitcoin consensus algorithm. each node the entire system provides computing power for the entire system (abbreviation referred computational power). through competition mechanism, the nodes that have completed the most outstanding calculation work are rewarded the system, once the distribution newly generated currencies completed. simple and stable, has withstood all kinds attacks after attracting the attention various hackers and scientists. proof stake (pos) the pos mechanism can described 'virtual mining'. since pow mainly depends the scarcity computer hardware prevent witch attacks, pos relies mainly tokens the blockchain itself. the holder holds the token deposit the pos mechanism that they become validators. the pos algorithm randomly selects one these verifiers and gives them the right generate the next block. the basis for selection how much they invest tokens and how long they hold tokens. if, within certain period time, the verifier does not produce block, verifier will reselected instead generating new block. similar system that distributes interest based the amount and timing token possession. the actual implementation pos will also have some mechanisms for clearing currency age, currency decay, etc. the pos mechanism will have the advantage not being able carry out force attacks because the person who launches the attack needs hold the total currency. after the attack causes the currency value fall, will the person whose total currency value most damaged. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure under the pos mechanism, some holders will hold large amounts tokens for long period time order increase voting weight. result, the total tokens circulation will reduced and prices will more vulnerable fluctuations. because there may large number big players mine pools holding most tokens the entire network, the entire network may become more and more centralized the running time increases. delegate proof stake (dpos) the dpos consensus mechanism sacrifices certain aspects decentralization the basis pos, whilst greatly accelerating the time-consuming transaction confirmation process. the main principle randomly select lemo limited number agent nodes among all nodes, and these nodes take turns accounting and take the consensus the agent the consensus the entire network. new block rewards are shared both agents and voters. order avoid adverse effects the blockchain after the malicious node becomes the agent, the dpos mechanism needs re-elect the agent after certain period time. dpos currently has the advantages maturity and high throughput. only the agent node can reach consensus confirm the transaction, and its transaction frequency can even reach the centralized visa settlement scale. delegated proof valuable participation (dpovp) lemochain integrated the bft and dpos consensus mechanism, and included the value user contributions into the scope incentives develop new dpovp mechanism. the representative feature this technology define multiple types, not just acquire tokens the mode renting and selling idle computer resources, and quantify the user's behavior through various dimensions the scoring system, user's contribution the platform, and loyalty. the measure degree. the one hand, provides standard for identifying high-quality users. the other hand, can also used platform motivate users. the platform contributes the prosperity each application ecology lemochain through rewards users, and further attracts more traffic the platform. this virtuous circle mechanism has become major boost for lemochain's rapid application development. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure throughput the basis the dpovp consensus mechanism combines the advantages bft's fast consensus and the dpos's throughput capability. adopts the rule out-ofsequence. once the block from the last witness received the two-thirds node, can immediately confirmed. start production the next block. equivalent the block time interval only limited the network transmission speed, under normal circumstances can achieve less than average verification speed and average tps data throughput. voting order maintain the independence and scalability functions, lemo uses smart contracts implement voting. the node registered candidate through the contract and accepts user voting. finally, the first nodes are selected witnesses based the voting results. the ownership bookkeeping rights the bookkeeping right mainly solves the problem whether block oneself when block. witnesses proceed block the lexicographic order the address. after you block out receive new block, you need recalculate the countdown your own block. after the time zero, new block will generated directly. first define indicate the blocker number. have: the current node's block number; the block number the block that produced received and passed. height the current chain height;+; the block number the previously confirmed block before confirming the new block; white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure define the distance the two outlier numbers: where the number consensus nodes. the validity the new block needs verified before triggering the recalculation countdown. the countdown formula follows current time; timestamps received the header the block; the waiting time for the current node come out the block. this prevent the block from going too fast, resulting the early transactions being less empty; the maximum available time for the block come out the block, beyond which the next node should immediately block out; block risk the same time assume that the communication normal certain moment, node out the block, node should out block seconds, and node should out block seconds. quickly blocks and broadcasts, but fails synchronize node and synchronizes only node the c-node recalculated block time may seconds. this causes and nodes block out very short period time and broadcast other witness nodes, resulting fork, unable reach two-thirds consensus. according the time calculation formula, the witness node does not recalculate (shorten) the block-out time when receives discontinuous blocks, and assists broadcasting the confirmation information other nodes. the nodes make decisions after trying collect all the blocks all branches. the forking selection rule select the longest chain preferentially, and when the same length selected, the lexicographic order the block hash the bifurcation white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure preferentially selected the front chain. all nodes select the forked chain according the same rule. after reaching twothirds the consensus, all the blocks the chain enter the "final confirmation state" and are broadcast ordinary nodes. since bifurcation occurs the consensus node, does not have any effect ordinary nodes that only receive access the "final status" block. consensus network splitting risk assume that consensus nodes have china and the united states. due the special circumstances such the interruption the optical cable, the network split into two parts that cannot communicate with each other, each which generates bifurcation chain. here are two networks named and each node will continue count down and out blocks, but will never receive more than two-thirds the node consensus. the witness longer broadcasts blocks ordinary nodes. taking the network example, the case ignoring block time and network transmission time-consuming, the time for each node cycle (generate block) linearly related the number network nodes, the average block interval is: obviously, the same time witnessing more nodes will produce more blocks. after the recovery the optical cable, the witness network connected and the new block can broadcast all nodes. each node pulls the complete branch chain along the parent block hash, and selects the final chain according the longest chain principle. thus, two-thirds the consensus reached each block the chain began broadcast ordinary nodes. the process confirming the block this case will stagnant for while, but there security risk for the transaction the chain. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure data storage lemo aims create decentralized data rights and circulation platform; the safe storage, encrypted transmission, and copyright attribution participant data are crucial the success such platform. the blockchain's security largely depends being mirrored large number nodes and being available. the storage large, variable files the chain will result very high cost. for example, there high-performance blockchain application that processes million transactions per second. each transaction generates bytes records, and the consumed storage space will increase more than mb/s. order maintain practicality, necessary periodically truncate transaction records the blockchain and save blockchain state snapshot. however, the complete transaction record will still copied each node, causing unnecessary backup overhead. therefore, practical and nonextensible decentralized file storage solution store large-size data the blockchain. flexible docking will support decentralized ipfs, storj file system, centralized cloud database and other programs, therefore providing users with more diverse choice when comes data storage. order further simplify the application platform interfaces, lemo will provide: storage system adapter sdk, public and private key generation package, address generation, signature verification, encryption, decryption and other functions. these will shielded complex signature generation rules, coding-conversion problems, and variety underlying error-code processing logic. the user identity management module and the private key storage module can optionally introduced the interface reduce the public-private key management burden the service application. overall, lemo providing convenient and easy use interface for business developers. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure ipfs global, distributed version the typical cloud system. reduces the risk data loss due data center failures. ipfs's network uses dht technology, which replaces domain-based addresses with content-based addresses. ipfs global, distributed version the typical cloud system. reduces the risk data loss due data center failures. ipfs's network uses dht technology, which replaces domain-based addresses with content-based addresses. the centralized cloud database will built world-class system large scale cloud service providers, running stable, reliable, and low-cost database. can provide data reliability, availability, gbps throughput and low latency ms. lemo will encrypt user data and open source code secure high-trust relationship and ensure that the privacy user data not violated. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure safe transactions traditional private data exchange scenario, the data both parties the transaction needs disclosed each other matched trusted third party. the current volatile and malicious business environment, this extremely risky. the third party's right facilitate the transaction too large, and there the possibility leakage, tampering, and concealment data between the two parties. result, protocols that can support joint computing and protect the privacy participants have become increasingly more recognised. lemo committed introducing secure multiparty computation (smc) solve this problem. secure multi-party computation collaborative computing solution that solves the problem privacy protection among group non-trusted parties. smc ensures the independence input and the correctness calculation; all without disclosing each input value any the participants. general, secure multi-party computing problem calculates any probability function based any input distribution network. each input party has input the distribution network. this distribution network needs ensure the independence the input and the correctness the calculation. also, addition their respective inputs, they not disclose any other non-relevant information that can used derive other inputs and/or outputs. taking marriage and love website pairing example, the user's conditions and features are mapped into points t-dimensional space. let the target the demand side the data the data provider satisfy: white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure the matchmaking transaction algorithm can summarized the nearest neighbor algorithm the t-dimensional space that is, the minimum distance between and found minimum order protect the confidentiality the data, the nodes the blockchain need isolated from the data and and only the encrypted data can obtained. therefore, lemo introduced will introduce fully homomorphic encryption perform data matching calculations. fully homomorphic encryption can perform arbitrarily complex operations encrypted data without decryption key achieve secure plaintext computations. let the encryption algorithm be: e(x)=cx the decryption algorithm is: d(x)=px limited the performance the homomorphic encryption algorithm, lemochain chooses the square the euclidean distance calculate the matching degree. the optimal match calculation formula is: after calculating via the above formula, the inquirer obtains the best matching target. during the entire matching process, the proxy computing node and the inquirer cannot access other user's data before encryption, and the privacy the user data ensured. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure smart contract smart contract digital version traditional contract. once written, can trusted all parties, without requiring trust between those parties. the terms the contract are final and therefore cannot changed. this idea was proposed back cryptographer nick szabo, but the full potential was not widely recognized until the emergence blockchain technology. essentially, smart contract computer program running blockchain database that can triggered preprogrammed conditions. blockchain technology brings decentralized, unchangeable and highly reliable system for extensive range applications. smart contracts are one the most important features the blockchain and key factor its reputation disruptive technology that revolutionizing our social structure. lemo's smart contract supports java, c/c++, python and range other coding languages. all smart contract source code compiled into bytecode run the virtual machine. the use sandbox technology has been implemented achieve complete isolation affairs and limit access computing resources, whilst maximizing performance and security. lemo's smart contract virtual machine built llvm (low level virtual machine)based compiler architecture. llvm supports jit (just-in-time compilation) technology, which can dynamically compile and execute the generated machine code according the users' requirements, which can significantly increase the execution speed dynamic languages and maximize the performance hardware. based llvm's powerful three-stage design, future lemo smart contracts will also support javascript and other more languages, and developers who are most comfortable with different technical backgrounds will develop smart contracts. smart contracts include white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure the four parts contract registration, triggering, execution and cancellation: contract registration contract registration the process storing the consensus the blockchain after processing the user-written contract security check. users need consume gas according the amount code required register contract. contract triggering contract triggering the process triggering contract execution through external conditions after contract registration. supports timing triggering, event triggering, transaction triggering, and other contract triggering methods. timing trigger refers the process automatically triggering the contract call after the node triggers the time consensus after meeting the preset time the contract. events, transactions, and other contract calls are new requests that trigger contract execution during the consensus process. contract execution contract execution the complete process running the contract code external environment, including the contract structure mirroring environment, code execution, the implementation state changes the implementation the code and exception handling the consensus. there special message call named proxy call. except for the code the target address being executed the caller's context, everything else the same the message call. this means that the contract can dynamically load code for other addresses runtime. only the code obtained from the caller, this allows easily package code into libraries and reuse them other contracts. for example, implement complex data structure, reusable code can applied contract storage contract cancellation cancellation only necessary clean contract that has been executed, expired faces changes business requirements that are longer needed. the cleanup process requires multi-node consensus before can completed. the only way white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure remove code from the blockchain have the lemo contract perform self-destruct operation its address. the remaining balance under this account will sent the specified target, and the storage and code will removed from the stack. lemo provides some the standard contract implementations. including the consistency check assets, automatic integration, multi-signature, automatic settlement and other relatively simple logic the contract. users can invoke adapt these contracts suit their own business needs. can also completely implemented itself.lemochain white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure application layer services lemo provides some the standard contract implementations. including the consistency check assets, automatic integration, multi-signature, automatic settlement and other relatively simple logic the contract. users can invoke adapt these contracts suit their own business needs. can also completely implemented itself. account system decentralized blockchain world, the user's possessions can only mastered themselves, one person nor organization can steal money, and there possibility being stolen server hackers. but fact, most users can not properly manage their accounts private key. according deloitte, least users forget the password when they log and use the "retrieve password" feature. forgetting the private key the blockchain will cause the property disappear directly, and there way get this property back. the total amount bitcoin having disappeared has reached million, accounting for nearly the total amount. users have very strong demand for secure hosting private keys. lemochain's account system addresses the mapping user identities blockchain addresses, user privacy confidentiality, and regulatory audit traceability issues. allows users use easy-to-remember usernames and passwords for access and implements oauth. authentication mechanisms. third-party applications that obtain user authorization can easily obtain basic lemo white paper user information without the management logic implementing and maintaining user-accounts themselves. this boils down just few lines code accessing the lemochain ecosystem. based the account system, lemochain will provide some common business unit plug-ins, which can rapidly integrated into developers dapp applications. this white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure greatly shortens the project development cycle. online safe. encrypting the private key and hosting the backup online. can only retrieved the user. contacts. manages and maintains many token addresses held users, well address information recent transactions. points system. supports multiple dimensions and digitizes user behavior. accumulation and summation serve measure the user's loyalty and contribution the platform and can used operation method motivate users. credit system. through some basic real-name authentication services, the user's initial credit evaluated, and the assessment results are continuously revised according the user's late performance. the entire assessment result will written credit record the blockchain, providing strong credit basis for buyers and sellers data transaction software. authority configuration. allows the establishment authorization relationships between accounts and accounts, accounts and applications. create higher-level data flow control logic through permissions and licensing mechanisms. online safe the online safe secure private key hosting service provided lemo. designed ease the security burden users. first, the local client encrypts the user's private key and uploads lemo's private key coffer. when the user's private key lost, the encrypted private key can retrieved providing authentication information and decrypted locally. the private and password the entire process will not appear the internet, nor will appear the lemo server. private key security guaranteed. only users themselves can decrypt private data stored the network. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure figure hosted private key figure retrieve the private key avoid possible malicious attacks causing data leakage from the server database. the key storage the online safe deposit box will adopt three-party encryption technology, and the data will encrypted and stored isolated third-party server. even the encrypted private key data stolen, any available real information cannot restored. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure data exchange template order help developers realize the potential data transaction functions their respective industries faster, lemochain has implemented set decentralized data transaction system applications based the team's past experience social networking and online dating. all the matching requirements are placed the chain transaction data, and the smart contract used automatically match the transaction. when the match successful, both parties send data decrypt each other's private key, ensuring that the user's privacy can seen only both parties match. the entire transaction process open and transparent, privacy information will not leaked third parties, and exchanges cannot concealed from fraud. this application shows developers the smart contract lemochain and the use various services; the best developer learning material and can used template derive data transaction applications other fields. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure lemo wallet have developed wallet application for lemo order facilitate lemo token holders checking their balance, inquiring and tracing transactions and reward records, also receiving related news about lemochain community. currently, only applies ios (being reviewed) and mini-program wechat. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure application prospects based lemochain lemochain developed decentralized blockchain network with platform capable supporting tens millions active users daily. through adopting standardized and decentralized storage mechanism, lemochain will reduce participation costs for all concerned parties. lemochain's ecosystem architecture follows: for developers: open data exchange apis, statistical analysis apis and deep learning apis for businesses: data trading, algorithmic trading, dapp enterprise for the open source community: availability results from lemochain's blockchain r&d multiple industry support within lemochain's ecosystem, there will regular adaption and introduction consensus mechanism developments adhere ever- changing industry requirements. lemochain will support multiple industries which have flaws credit and data exchange, whilst providing the corresponding technical support ensure businesses remain consistently in- tune with blockchain. some industries include: social media, education, recruitment etc. furthermore, based the data circulation, smart contracts and credit system lemochain, can utilize more complex business logic support through the turing complete programming language. application scenario lemo started socializing. early the lemo team tried exchange data between several social products its own increase the reuse rate excess traffic, which greatly increased the earnings various apps. the time, our overall payout ratio increased from .%. matter months, turnover nearly doubled. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure only the data sharing between several apps can achieve this effect. assuming that more merchants can join, the benefits for merchants can imagined. but when try invite more social apps participate it, the trust issue becomes the biggest obstacle. this made aware the current strong demand for data sharing and the enormous difficulties faced businesses. the characteristics blockchain decentralized storage and data rights-enforcement technologies, well the underlying economic value system, perfectly solve this problem. lemo was born solve these problems. application scenario one: dating users submit their personal data and their friends' needs through dating and dating dapps. individuals can encrypt and store their social data, and then digital assets can uploaded the profitable platform and the tokens can obtained. advertisers and their other dating partners need pay tokens obtain this data. they can used for precise matching dating friends and precise targeting advertisements. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure application scenario two: health and medical data dapp through health data dapp, personal health data can securely protected, data can shared, and users can easily use it. individuals upload their own health data profitable data platforms and can obtain tokens. data providers such medical service providers and pharmaceutical companies can directly obtain data from profitable data links, and there are huge application scenarios the direction new drug development, testing, and precision medical care. application scenario three: blockchain technology applied education and human resources the education and training industry, there will various language training institutions and quality education and training institutions. these institutions are not actually competing with each other, and they can share resources and communicate with each other. however, the current situation that these organizations have each spent lot manpower, financial resources, and time costs, access market resources (of which there are always some resources are ineffective resources). lemo solves the problem inter-agency trust and student ownership, can share resources the form co-enrollment, increase the number students, reduce the cost obtaining customers, and increase profits, while creating information platform based blockchain technology for education, skills, and professional experience. the nondefective modification and time stamping functions based blockchain technology provide employers with certifiable source academic, technical, and professional experience information. this saves the company considerable human and financial resources for background research during the recruitment process. this technical system can also widely used the certification notary, finance, banking and white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure other industries, and has wide range application prospects. blockchain technology fundamentally solves the trust problem data circulation, and then realizes decentralization the basis it. lemochain ecology will fully support decentralized applications from the technical level, develop different modules such account systems, credit systems, and data distribution protocols, and provide development platforms and interfaces for different developers and service providers, saving development costs, which helps them iterate quickly and increase profitability. addition, incentive strategies attract more developers join lemochain, dapp idea product, that ordinary internet users enjoy the value blockchain technology. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure lemo releaselemo release creation tokens lemochain has created its own founding currency, lemo, which during the pre- sale will issued erc- token and can converted into lemochain based token the end pre-sale. lemo about published the lemochain community members and investors. with shared vision, they will working with lemochain create value and change the future data circulation. these members will the mainstay community discussion, offering invaluable feedback lemochain and even becoming visionaries for its community outreach and future development. lemochain created lemo token based ethereum. lemo the digital currency based the smart contracts and published the decentralized ethereum blockchain. the total published amount billion before "mining", and will annually publish more than million. the new lemo based the main chain lemochain adopts d-povp mining mechanism, the backbone lemochain, with contributions data, storage space and power, community contributions and more. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure lemo's pre-sale plan lemochain will issue total billion lemo before the mine, and million) lemo tokens will exchanged for lemo per eth. will allocated participants the pre-sale period two phases: private placement and public offering. total hard-top eths and soft-top eths are recruited. the pre-sale will released different participants phases from march and will provide more than the credits the private placement stage according the participants' contributions. the pre-sale will continue until mid-to-late may will stop within hours after touching the hardtop ceiling. after the pre-sale period over, subsequent investors will also able obtain lemo tokens through compliance with all major cryptocurrency transactions. lemo will gradually start the global cryptocurrency exchange early june. the lemo token vehicle for the transmission data values. has the property quantifying the value data within the lemo ecosystem, but does not participate the circulation outside the lemo ecosystem any way. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure overview lemo token pre-sale overview description volume pre-mining for pre-sale lemo before mining will created and distributed the participants their smart contract addresses the pre-sale stage. participants can check via the wallet application lemochain ethereum network; lemo before mining will created and distributed early-stage investors lemochain; lemo before mining will used for early user stimulation, rewarding users and developers joining develop the ecosystem and community lemochain; lemo before mining will created and distributed the core developers, founders, teams, and partners lemochain. bound -month period smart contract, which executes once every months; lemo reserve will locked for least months strategic buffer, and periodically and gradually assigned new contributors. the premise should beneficial the growth the entire lemo community. otherwise, these reserves will withdrawn and reallocated. white paper simplified english lemochain white paper simplified english decentralized business data circulation infrastructure lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure budget funds raised during the pre-sale period will only used help lemochain's ecosystem development and expansion. lemochain's technical research shows the viability these technologies related fields, but also recognizes that the work the lemo community has long way go. below budget plan: core development core development includes the core techniques lemochain well the development smart contracts and the decentralized ecosystem. majority this budget will used for building basic framework, improving user experience and developing new functions. security the undergoing foundation relies the security lemochain's blockchain. are planning series security inspections, and each new function must inspected thoroughly before going online the main network. marketing given the reward mechanism the previous lemo platform, will reward and support early contributions quality developers and encourage users invite more potential community members order remain continually prosperous. operations ensure the smooth operation the whole network, lemo foundation will pay more attention the operation and management community, and will globally seek resources useful for ecosystem development. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure legal legitimacy the key the long-term success lemochain, will delegate portion the budget legal expenses, ensure legal under all sorts inspections when lemochain goes global. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure unlocking plan early token holders ensure the long-lasting success the lemochain community, early token holders lemo will meet lock-up period, details are the following: founding team lemo tokens held the founding team can only periodically liquidated. additionally, every withdrawal needs the support the foundation's decision- making committee. early investors after pre-sale stage, lemo held early investors will deployed four phases. the day being listed the first exchange, lemo will deployed, the following will days later, and the final will deployed installments for every days. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure lemochain's governance ecological framework order realize lemochain's sustainable development and avoid the development loose sand-type development structure and underlying structure, lemo foundation ltd (lemo foundation), non-profit organization registered singapore, will responsible for overseeing the fairness and productivity the ecosystem. growth, meanwhile, will establish sound governance structure, establish standing committee, and manage issues such code management, financial management, compensation management, iterative update management, and privileged operations. the same time, the standing committee continued update the development foundations and communities, and introduced supervision and supervision mechanisms, rulemaking and change control management. the end, the lemo foundation will promote the transition the entire ecosystem fully decentralized and autonomous network. lemo foundation ltd will fully cooperate with partners integrate resources such government, enterprises, technology, business, and universities, maximize resources sharing, use resources efficiently, and realize social collaborative development. the same time, lemo foundation ltd will also provide transparent financial management, comprehensive code management, technology research and development, marketing, security research and development management, and help lemochain commercial promotion. the same time, the foundation will actively promote high standards ethical and honest business practices and comply with relevant laws and regulations. addition, lemo foundation ltd will employ third-party authorities pass audit reports related work, compliance supervision and supervision lemochain's development.lemo foundation ltd. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure lemo foundation ltd the lemo foundation ltd (hereafter referred the "lemo foundation") will dedicated promoting lemochain's r&d, governance, and promotion efforts, and will drive the security and harmonious development the entire lemochain open source ecosystem. will open, fair and transparent and not profitable. operate lemochain. lemo foundation ltd non-profit entity that will approved the singapore accounting and enterprise regulatory authority (acra) and regulated singapore company law. the foundation independently managed and operated board trustees management committee (ie, the decision-making committee below) that includes natural legal persons entrusted with the foundation. according singapore law, the lemo foundation legally formed organization that does not have any commercial interest support participate public private interest activities. its "profit" called surplus and will continue reserved for other activities without being distributed among its participants. the lemo foundation will establish content review and operations committees that comply with local regulations the course activities different countries ensure its worldwide compliance. the multiple forks bitcoin and ethereum have led questions about the decentralization ethereum blockchain. avoid diverging situations, the lemo foundation will develop good governance structure help and promote the harmonious development the entire community. the lemo foundation was established ensure the sustainability the entire community and its open source projects, the safety raised funds, and the management its communities. the initial stage the foundation will consist founding team consisting decision-making committee, r&d code review committee, property and personnel committee and market public relations committee. the decision-making committee consists the first chairman the foundation andrew, lemochain core r&d personnel and early investors, each for period two years. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure future decision-making committee seats will also opened more participants after the increase the number organizational structures and participants. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure lemochain founding team the lemochain team made high-tech people from silicon valley, singapore, london, and china. combines technological innovations silicon valley, highefficiency singapore, financial data capabilities london, tencent, and highquality research and development companies such the team has years experience building and processing massive user data and dedicated using blockchain technology enhance real life and business efficiency. the "mobileoriented" strategy will promote the productization blockchain technology and increase the industry ease use blockchain technology, and use blockchain build bridge for real-world business social data exchange: current team core member please refer the official website the latest information: www.lemochain.com lemo advisory team please refer the official website the latest information: www.lemochain.com white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure lemo's strategic partners lemochain collaborates with xiao jingling, the mainstream education management platform china. based lemochain development, the blockchain module will cover tens millions users after goes online august xiaojingling, online educational application based lemochain, will launched enhance secure and accessible educational resource distribution services for hundreds educational institutions and nearly one million parents china. the number users set increase around million the end lemochain and chengdu metropolitan technology co., ltd. reach strategic co-operation july business social app lemon vcard will published based the lemochain, using blockchain technology solve business transactional trust issues. will provide secure digital business identity for companies operating lemo. lemon vcard currently available the wechat mini-program. ios version expected for august launch and will available world wide. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure lemochain and china panda driver open new chapter smart contract transport services,available panda driver's million current users lemochain and china panda driver open new chapter smart contract transport services,available panda driver's million current users. lemochain and social networking company inspiration tech llc form strategic partnership create dapp that would accessible million users june inspiration tech will complete and improve it's dating product kuku based lemochain, using blockchain technology solve practical problems such scammers and fake profiles. due the confidentiality terms, more information consultants, strategic partners and investors will provided after signing the confidentiality agreement. contact email: foundation@lemochain.com white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure lemo's execution and iteration timeline white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure lemo pre-sale plan lemochain's users and their developers acquire lemochain's capabilities consuming lemo, especially when lemochain runs distributed applications that pay for and consume certain amount lemo tokens. all digital asset transactions the lemochain network will settled lemo tokens. lemochain pre-mine tokens will produced the time the release lemochain and will held the lemochain foundation. erc- lemo tokens held early holders can exchanged this time. lemo's public pre-sales the specific rules and information will announced through the lemochain official website and lemo wallet application and public number, please pay attention. participating the lemo foundation's pre-sale lemo tokens not risk-free. for detailed risk content, please refer lemo's exemption and risk description. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure lemo iterative planning early application emerging technologies, blockchain technology faces various challenges and opportunities. lemochain's future iteration directions: one the iteration the underlying architecture code; the second the iteration commercial applications built the main chain lemochain. the iteration the lemochain infrastructure when the lemochain architecture code itself flawed, usually iterated through the system upgrade. vulnerabilities need analyzed, tested and reviewed the code review committee and submitted the decision committee for reporting. the following are definitions major vulnerabilities: affect user's asset safety major security incidents system security issues system operation logic does not match the design when the lemo ecology cannot meet the needs business and users the participants, usually adopted opinion leaders represent the interests the community. after the decision-making committee has passed the decision, the developers the organization are responsible for the development. the development committee completes the analysis the code committee, tests and reviews, and reports prepare the way for the decision committee iterate. business application iteration lemo global open source project that connects blockchains the real world white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure through technological innovations and conceptual innovations. with regard the iteration commercial applications, the foundation will select the appropriate third parties cooperate the industry and application iterations, led third-party developers, and provide technical support lemo. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure lemo's disclaimer and risk statement disclaimer except explicitly stated this white paper, lemo foundation ltd and its cooperating agencies will not make any representations warranties (especially for its merchantability and specific features) lemochain lemo tokens. the pre-sale plan for people participate the purchase lemo tokens based individual's own desire learn about lemochain and lemo tokens. without prejudice the generality the foregoing, all participants will participate the lemochain project after starting accept lemo tokens they are, regardless their technical specifications, parameters, performance functions. lemochain hereby expressly disclaims and refuses assume the following responsibilities: any person who violates any country's anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism financing, other regulations when purchasing lemo tokens; any person who participates the pre-sale lemo tokens and violates any statements, warranties, obligations, commitments contained this white paper; promises other requirements, and the resulting inability pay receive lemo tokens; pre-sale plans for lemo tokens are abandoned for any reason; failure delay the development lemochain and the resulting failure white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure deliver lemo tokens; concerns caused technical issues such bugs, errors, defects, crashes, rollbacks, hard forks the relevant blockchain source code; use funds raised from presales; any participant who has disclosed, lost damaged their wallet private key for their digital wallet; defaults, violations, infringements, collapses, defects, termination suspension services third-party platforms involved the pre-sale lemo tokens; fraud, misuse, misconduct, error, negligence, bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution closure; anyone's transaction speculation lemo tokens; listing delisting lemo tokens any exchange; lemo tokens being classified regarded currency, securities, commercial paper, any government, competent authority, public agency. risk statement the lemochain development and operations team believes that there nothing the development, maintenance and operation lemochain. there are number risks, many which exceed the control lemochain's current development and operations team which need considered participants, except for those described this white paper addition other content, each pre-sale participant lemo tokens should also peruse, understand, and carefully consider the following risks before making investment decisions. purchasers lemo tokens should pay special attention the fact that despite the management master developed and operated lemochain, which was established singapore; both lemochain and lemo tokens exist tangibly only cyberspace and white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure are not registered single country. participating this pre-sale should wellthought-out decision-making action that will considered participants fully aware and agreeing accept. the following risks: )termination presale plan the lemo token pre-sale plan may terminated prematurely, which point the participant may subject the fluctuations price bitcoin/ethereum. consequence the fluctuations the market and the expenses lemochain's development and operations team, investment amounts may only partly refunded. )nsufficient information provision the publication date this white paper, lemochain still the development phase. its philosophy, consensus mechanism, algorithm, generation codes well other technical details and parameters may updated and changed frequently. although this white paper contains lemochain's latest key information, not absolutely complete, and will still used lemochain's development and operations team for specific purposes make adjustments from time time. lemochain's development and operations team incapable of, and has obligation inform participants any time; every necessary detail lemochain's development (including its progress and expected milestones, whether not postponed) will published, there need for communication. however, the pre-sale participants will promptly and fully reach out the information released lemochain from time time. information disclosure not fully unavoidable and reasonable. )regulatory measure encrypted tokens are being may supervised the authorities various countries. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure any risk factors disclosed this white paper, well those associated with such risk factors, resulting consequential damage, loss, claims, liability, penalties, costs, other negative effects. the team may from time time receive enquiries, notices, warnings, orders rulings from one more authorities, even may ordered suspend terminate any action regarding this pre-sale plan, lemochain development lemo tokens. lemochain's development, marketing, promotion other aspects well this presale program may seriously affected blocked terminated. since the regulatory policy may change any time, the existing lemochain project the regulatory approval/tolerance pre-sale plans may only temporary. lemo tokens may defined differently any time different countries virtual goods, digital assets and even securities currencies, some countries, according local regulatory requirements, lemo may prohibited from trading holding. )cryptography cryptography constantly evolving and cannot guarantee absolute security all times. advances cryptography (eg password cracking) technological advances (such the invention quantum computers) may present threats cryptographybased systems (including lemochain) this may result the theft, disappearance, destruction, devaluation any held lemo token. reasonable range, internally, the lemochain development and operations team will prepare itself take preventive remedial measures upgrade the foundations lemochain. agreeing respond any advances cryptography and, where appropriate, incorporate new and reasonable security measures for cryptography and security. )development failure abandonment lemochain still the development phase, and does not have the ready-to-release finished product. with the technical complexity ecosystem like lemochain, the white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure development and operations team may face unpredictable and/or insurmountable difficulties from time time. therefore, the development lemochain may fail abandoned any time for any reason (e.g. due lack funding development failure) this will result lemo tokens not being delivered any participants this pre-sale program. )theft crowdfunding funds there may attempts steal the pre-sale cryptocurrency tokens received the lemochain platform. theft stealing attempts may affect lemochain's development and operations team's ability fund the development the project. despite lemochain's development and operations team adopting cutting-edge technology solutions protect the security pre-sale funds, hacking and theft funds never fully preventable. )source code one can guarantee that lemochain's source code completely flawless. code may have certain flaws, errors, bugs, and vulnerabilities that may make impossible for users use specific features, expose user information, create other problems. this the case, will impair the usability, stability and/or security lemochain and therefore have negative impact the value lemo tokens. )security weaknesses the lemochain block chain code open sourced. although the lemochain development and operations team works hard maintain system security, anyone may intentionally unintentionally bring vulnerabilities defects into lemochain's core infrastructure elements, which lemochain's development and operations teams cannot implement sufficient security measures prevent make up. this may eventually result the loss participants' lemo tokens other digital tokens. )distributed denial service attack ethereum publishing their founding tokens was designed open and unlicensed account. therefore, ethereum may suffer from time time from "distributed denial white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure service" cyber attacks, which will negatively impact, stagnate, paralyze the lemo token system. result, transactions top this are delayed written into blocks the ethereum blockchain, are even temporarily unavailable. insufficient processing capacity the rapid development lemochain will accompanied sharp increase trading volume and subsequent increased demand for processing capacity. the processing capacity demand exceeds the load that can provided the nodes within the blockchain network, the lemochain network may falsify stagnate. resultantly, fraudulent erroneous transactions such "double spending" may occur. the worst cases, anyone holding lemo tokens may lose them potentially triggering ethereum network rollback even hard fork. the aftermath these events will damage the usability, stability and security lemochain and the value lemo tokens. )unauthorized claim for sale lemo tokens any person who obtains the token holder's registered email account access rights decrypting cracking the lemo token holder's password will able maliciously obtain pre-acquisition from lemo token holders. accordingly, lemo tokens obtained the holder may mistakenly sent anyone who claims lemo tokens through the holder's registered email registered account, and such sending irrevocable and irreversible. each lemo token pre-sale participant shall take measures such those below properly maintain the security his/her registered email registered account: (i) use high security passwords; (ii) does not open reply any fraudulent emails; (iii) strict confidentiality personal information. lemo token wallet private key loss corruption private keys necessary obtain lemo tokens irreversible. lemo tokens can only manipulated using local online lemo token wallet with white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure unique public and private key. each pre-sale participant should properly protect his/her lemo token wallet private key. the lemo token holder's private key lost, lost, leaked, damaged stolen, neither the lemochain development and operations team nor any other person can help the holder obtain retrieve the relevant lemo tokens. )popularity the value lemo tokens largely depends the popularity the lemochain platform. lemochain does not expect immense popularity, common use within very short period time after the release. the worst case, lemochain even may marginalized for long period time, attracting only small group users. contrast, large part lemo token demand may become speculative nature. lack users may lead increase price fluctuations the lemo token market and thus affect lemochain's flood season development of. when this price fluctuation occurs, the lemochain development and operations team will not (and take responsibility for) stabilize influence the market price lemo tokens. )price fluctuations you trade the open market, encrypted tokens usually have sharp price fluctuations. the short term, price shocks often occur. the price may quoted bitcoin, ethereum, u.s. dollars, other legal currency. this price volatility may caused market forces (including speculative trading), changes regulatory policies, technological innovations, the availability exchanges, and other objective factors, which also reflect changes the supply-demand balance. regardless whether not there secondary market for lemo token trading, the lemochain development and operations team not responsible for lemo token transactions any secondary market. therefore, the lemochain development and operations team has obligation stabilize the lemo token's price fluctuations. the risk involved the transaction price lemo tokens must borne lemo token holders. white paper simplified english lemochain decentralized business data circulation infrastructure due confidentiality agreements, information about early investors will released only upon request. for such enquiries, contact e-mail: foundation: foundation@lemochain.com this white paper represents only the progress and status the lemochain project april version number https://cryptovest.com/news/cryptokitties-burn-up--of-ethereums-gas/ https://bitshares.org/technology/industrial-performance-and-scalability/ https://blockchain.info/charts/n-transactions https://etherscan.io/chart/bloktime https://news.bitcoin.com/ethereum-blockchain-congested-cats/ gentry fully homomorphic encryption using ideal lattices[c]//stoc [s.l.]:acm,: white paper simplified english