table contents introduction the lendroid auction lendroid's lending origins even platform the shift auction happens ethical parenthesis lendroid overview lendroid smart contract how use your oracle system upgradable, modular and lendroid from four points view the lender ... defining the offer object ... cancelling loan offer the relayer utility toll ... interface incentivized participation ... bookkeeping enabling governance ...` shared, global liquidity pool the margin trader the lendroid vision ... locking collateral ... availing loan synopsis ... managing trade positions ... closing loan appendix the wrangler ... margin level monitoring acknowledgments ... 'wrangling' underperforming margin account ... triggering auction extensible the lendroid support token (lst) lendroid's lending origins the lender the primary participant the lendroid platform. the protocol's soundness validated only his sustained, profitable participation. the lender's trust the trust-independent protocol will power the creation global lending pool. this end, innovative rules and fail safes have been put place not let down his basic expectations protecting his capital and earning risk-free interest low-friction manner [][]. point fact, lendroid was initially intended decentralized lending platform. broadly, the process was designed thus: borrower pledges digital assets into escrow account, and the lender defines specific terms for the loan amount, interest rate, loan period, loan value (ltv) set smart contract. the lender's and borrower's terms match, the smart contract executed, locking the collateral and releasing the funds the borrower. the borrower satisfies the loan obligations, his collateral unlocked automatically. the borrower defaults the collateral drops below the agreed ltv, the collateral liquidated []. from here on, margin trading seemed logical first-use case for lendroid for two main reasons rapidly growing market margin funding has soared, recorded some widely used exchanges like poloniex and bitfinex. the latter exchange alone, usd funding has increased from million million (oct oct btc loans have gone from usd million usd million (oct sep and eth loans have risen from usd usd million (oct sep []. need for trust independence immediate centralized exchanges that enable margin trading are left with the onerous, dual responsibility funds and collateral management well keeping the traders from defaulting [][]. order provide this service, might argued, centralized exchanges have bypassed the inherent strengths the blockchain ecosystem [see figure premised decentralization, absolute protection and anonymity global consensus. margin trading centralized architecture centralized exchange user order book maintenance offer book maintenance custodian user funds loan funds management accounting trade position management loan pay lender margin account margin vel maintenance margin account monitoring figure decentralized margin trading protocol platform that order books the orders themselves are settled the censorship resistant and can accessed globally would help ethereum blockchain using smart contracts. move away from central custodians holding user funds. further, global network lenders will increase liquidity and the positive reception that has greeted the most recent reduce overall margin trading costs illustration the shift towards wholly trust-independent, secure and decentralized exchange. the implications are the shift tremendous, and new relayers such such ethfinex, consider the three main functions provided current public radar and the ocean have already begun enter the fray. exchanges exchange (regular trading), margin trading, and lending. ever since protocol for peer-to-peer exchange however, where has enabled the exchange function erc tokens rolled out, wholly decentralized seamlessly, the lending and margin trading functions remain ecosystem comprising all three functions has begun seem outside the ecosystem. these are the missing pieces that highly plausible. the catalysts for this development are lendroid brings together create comprehensive solution. the 'relayers', incentivized entities that facilitate the hosting ethical parenthesis ethical considerations seldom find place discussions about the structure new cryptoeconomic models. the case lendroid, however, they assume unique context. this protocol aims take forward culture fairness inherent the blockchain ecosystem. lendroid sets out achieve total decentralization and true trust-independence the most basic, reliable levels. lendroid not agnostic indifferent trust, which after all, positive phenomenon. simply recognizes and leverages paradox trust abounds only environment that does not depend it. paraphrase celebrated google adage, lendroid the hope that one 'can't evil'. further this whitepaper, you will see that this end state sought with two-pronged approach inviolability: vital, sensitive, conventionally trust-dependent functions like fund management are executed on-chain and via publicly accessible, inviolable ethereum smart contracts. symbiosis: wherein the off-chain players are incentivized carry out their functions and whose propensity for profit and growth proportionate that the other players the ecosystem. margin trading decentralized architecture liquidit activities ask bids order book maintenance user offer book maintenance chain custodian user funds loan funds management trade position management accounting lender margin ader loan pay lender margin account margin vel maintenance margin account monitoring angler figure lendroid overview margin trader starts depositing collateral. the trader allowed borrow certain leverage the point where the margin level greater that the initial level (set through community governance).the borrowed funds come from the shared lending pool which the lenders can submit offers. with the borrowed funds, the trader interacts with order-books calibrate positions reflect expectations from future price movements. the positions, while active, are held the smart contract. neither the collateral nor the tokens purchased using the borrowed funds can leave the margin account until the loans obligations are cleared the margin trader. once the traders feel it's time unwind their position, the trader once again interacts with the order book. the trader made profit, can repay the lenders and withdraw the profit along with his collateral. loss incurred, the trader expected deposit the difference compensate for the losses, repay the loans full and only then withdraw collateral. however, the above mentioned only best-case scenario; other less favorable scenarios can also occur. what happens the asset price the open positions the value the collateral starts drop? central exchange, such situation would manually solved margin call that the exchange would make the trader, asking them rebalance his margin account. the decentralized context, this handled off-chaining such operations utility layer comprised self-interested actors working maintain stability within the network. one the actors relayers are based similar concept propagated the protocol []. the other wranglers are entirely original entity propounded lendroid. while comprehensive description provided subsequent sections, wrangler's role might defined one related margin account monitoring. the wrangler aids margin-level maintenance, calls out margin accounts liquidation levels (for which incentivised with 'bounty') and, liquidation, repays the margin trader's loan the lender. propose network consisting two types actions: off-chain actions that propagate intent and on-chain actions that confirm the intent, thereby committing the state the network the ethereum blockchain. how use your oracle information provided the oracle forms the basis for use cases the past have demonstrated the unviability sensitive decisions that involve fund management account oracle-based approach the ethereum blockchain []. the liquidation. the fate the margin account determined drawbacks terms tag, efficacy information and the process that involves multiple actors, and with opposing fact that oracle centralizing component make such interests. such decisions are the result unique auction approach cumbersome and less than completely reliable. process, which will elaborated separate chapter this despite this, oracles currently remain the simplest means whitepaper. the crux that this process open and bringing external data on-chain. involves wranglers other than just the one who identified the terminal account. also involves the margin trader. these lendroid, oracles serve point reference, and two sets actors, with opposite intents, change positions, preventive against unwarranted triggers from wranglers. bid and quote towards something that most their economical interests, based the external information they oracle function commissioned the smart contract bring independently. independently verify what wrangler identifies margin account liquidation level. the gas expense from this collusion thus ruled out, the situation longer centrally verification borne the wrangler. however, the data driven and, most importantly, whatever external information provided oracle, even when corroborates the wrangler's the actors subscribe translated into actual transaction claim, does not result liquidation the account. triggers when they bring on-chain. process unique lendroid. lenders deposit funds into and offer loans from. each loan offer data packet called the offer object more comprehensive and effective understanding the containing the terms the loan, offer parameters, and protocol can achieved when approached from the user associated ecdsa signature. the loan terms and parameters journeys four key actors. are concatenated and hashed produce byte-long keccak sha signature called the offer-hash. the lender the lender signs this offer-hash with their private key produce the analogous the maker from the protocol [], the lender ecdsa signature. broadcasts the loan-offer all decentralized exchanges (off-chain action). discussed section imperative that the interests the lender who contributes the shared liquidity pool the different types accounts within the lendroid smart are protected. this enabled empowering the lender contract system, the funding account available the define key parameters within the offer object. ... defining the offer object off chain, the lender defines the offer object with range parameters [see table key among them loan amount and interest rate: the lender defines the offer amount (token offered and number units the token) and sets the interest calculated daily basis. loan expiration period: the validity the loan from the time availed. expiry, the loan called and, should the borrower choose, rolled over with another loan. offer expiration: the validity the offer itself. based the demand for token, lender might want change his offer reflect different interest rate number token units. setting prudent expiry time for the offer allows for this flexibility, without having on-chain. name datatype description loancontract address address the smart contract that handles availing and canceling loan offers lender address address offering the loan borrower address (optional for point-to-point offers) address availing the loan loantoken address the token offered loan maxloanexpiration uint maximum time which the loan active since the offer was accepted (time seconds since unix epoch) offeramount uint total units loan token offered lender interestrate uint rate interest calculated daily basis offerexpiration uint time which the offer expires (time seconds since unix epoch) salt uint arbitrary number that provides uniqueness for the offer's keccak sha hash relayer address exchange address via which the offer broadcast relayerfeelender uint highest amount lst units paid relayer the lender for closing loan. the loan closed prematurely, the relayer paid pro-rata. relayerfeeborrower uint highest amount lst units paid vigilante the borrower for closing loan. the loan closed prematurely, the relayer paid pro-rata. wranglerfeelender uint highest amount lst units paid wrangler the lender for closing loan. the loan closed prematurely, the wrangler paid pro-rata. wranglerfeeborrower uint highest amount lst units paid wrangler the borrower for closing loan. the loan closed prematurely, the wrangler paid pro-rata. unit ecdsa signature the above arguments bytes ecdsa signature the above arguments bytes ecdsa signature the above arguments though not part the offer object currently envisioned, automatic renewals loans too can explored. important note that every loan also requires some lst for initialization. lubricate the inherent processes, the lender deposits some lst meant for the relayer the end the loan period. some deposits for the wrangler the event that was who identified the margin account liquidation level and helped close the loan. the lsts required for these processes are locked the time initiation. there not enough lst for these processes, the loan not initialized. ... cancelling the loan offer loan offer deemed invalid, and therefore cancelled, the following cases: loan offer availed after its expiration period: this case, the loan smart contract recognizes that the offer cannot availed anymore, and triggers event indicating all relayers that the loan with the corresponding hash invalid. the relayers' best interests not display expired loans the first place and, even they do, they have the option listen the loanoffercancelled event from the loan smart contract. lender decides cancel offer that has been left unavailed and unfilled: this case, the lender can call the loan smart contract's cancelloan function which further triggers the loanoffercancelled event from the same smart contract, thus notifying all listening relayers. cancelling loan offer fallback mechanism and costs gas. therefore, the best interests the lender set suitable expirationperiod the offer avoid on-chain transactions. the relayer the relayer the first point contact for both lender and trader the lendroid protocol. off chain, this entity effectively takes the liquidity related functions exchange wholly decentralized manner. the one significant addition the lendroid relayer over its counterpart the management loan offers. relayers provide interface, and manage order books and offer books. they are key creating the shared global lending pool. ... interface exception, every relayer has complete access the shared actors that operate almost entirely off-chain, the relayer's lending pool the collective loan offers recorded with not potential for creating smooth, fast, user experience, just one particular relayer, but with the entire community limitless. available interfaces today offer increasingly relayers the protocol. sophisticated dashboard, with periodic upgrades granularity, data native the protocol, well relevant relayers can also offer apis facilitate programmatic access external information from the market, help lenders and offer books. margin traders make more informed decisions. with access the entire lending pool, and with off-chain loan offers are captured and offered part this interface. speed and flexibility their disposal, relayers can maintain the richness the information display depends the liquidity and create interface that encourages patronage. depth that particular relayer chooses showcase. without ... bookkeeping clear fee structure when loan availed. the relayer the same off-chain advantage interface extends the with whom the offer was recorded paid the lender, and bookkeeping function the relayer well. with the same relayer paid the margin trader once the loan computational power unbridled on-chain lags and costs paid back. gas, relayer can maintain offer books real-time, seamless manner. ... global, shared liquidity pool due the inherent trust-independence the protocol, the relayer incentivized with fee the lendroid support access loan offers not limited any one relayer token (lst) for recording and relaying the loan offer. fee particular set relayers lendroid. extension, all paid the lender and, when the loan availed, the the lenders and the margin traders the platform borrower/margin trader well. attracting liquidity into the contribute liquidity the ecosystem. platform, the relayer paid only when loan availed, and closed properly. the relayer able match and offer with figure illustrates, lender free engage with any ask even originated with another relayer. despite the relayer the protocol. irrespective who they record the incentive, and the fact that the relayer has access the loan offer with, goes into the shared lending pool. when entire shared lending pool, the protocol remains trust catering the margin trader, relayer free recommend independent because two key x-inspired characteristics loan offers received from any relayer. the interest [], written into the protocol itself. providing 'sticky' experience that could make him the relayers cannot execute transactions behalf the primary relayer, his best interest connect the lender the margin trader. they can only recommend lender margin trader the most ideal offer. ideal offer. liquidity figure ... locking collateral lendroid compatible with any erc-based token. this gives the margin trader high level flexibility with respect the nature collateral can deposit against loan. margin trader free deposit not just one kind collateral token his choice, but multiple kinds erc-based tokens the same time, the same margin account. however, the support for token has other considerations besides compatibility alone. what envisioned community-driven governance model, the protocol will add remove support for token based the current the margin trader volatility the token. lendroid, the margin trader enjoys leveraged lending uniquely decentralized the margin trader finds that the health the margin account has environment. deposits collateral, avails the dipped, can add collateral any time before the liquidation loan offered lenders and engages margin process initiated his account. trading/short selling. opens margin account, within which free change ... availing loan positions add collateral. can withdraw his illustrated section margin trader can avail loan through collateral liquidate his margin account when his relayer. the interfacer provider's interest connect him there are loans owed. here's how those the ideal offer. actions play out, broadly. offers are signed the respective lenders who made them are available with the relayer. when margin trader finds one that suitable for his needs, calls the availloan function the loan smart contract, including the offer object the function call. using the ecrecover function, the smart contract will then verify that the signature valid and, based the timestamp, that the offer has not expired. the smart contract also checks the lender's funding account make sure there are sufficient funds carry out the offer. once ratified, the funds are credited the trader's margin account and debited from the lender's funding account. the margin account the margin trader stakes lst when opening margin account. this stake refundable, when the trader closes trade positions and repays the loan. however, case the account drops below the liquidation level, the deposit becomes bounty for the wranglers. the margin account, neither the collateral nor the positions can withdrawn without honouring the terms the loan. however, margin trader free manipulate both elements any time maximize returns. can top collateral flagging account, and calibrate his positions with the help decentralized order book protocols. margin account ade position) order book margin account ade position) order book margin account ade position) order book figure figure illustrates part the user journey margin trader. his relationship with the margin account, dynamic and protected the same time, can understood three states. figure there's the margin account the extreme the first the scenario described figure the margin right, which contains the capital borrowed for the trade, trader has made successful trade and able close the and the possibility creating trade positions out loan, repaying without incident. alternatively, the term available funds. one many loans might close expiry even when the margin trader not ready unwind his trade positions. figure see that the margin trader has calibrated monitoring this can delegated incentivized actors called his trade positions. this intent recorded on-chain, and wranglers, who will help replace 'roll-over' expiring executed using decentralized order book protocol. loan with fresh one. though not built?into the protocol, this lendroid capable integrating with multiple order book specific function logical extension wrangler's protocols, including kyber, omega, and others. when primary role that monitoring the margin account. positions need updated rearranged, the margin trader can delegate the function the most liquid order the third scenario, margin account underperforms and book protocol the ecosystem. warrants immediate action. wrangler has identified the account. the wrangler then repays the loan the lender figure see that the end trading session, the himself, and also triggers auction the margin trader's trade positions have done well for the margin trader and collateral and positions. profit has been accrued over and above the borrowed capital. fourth and less likely scenario black swan event, where margin account has been left unattended wrangler and ... closing loan margin trader and, for enough time cause damage, the the loan terms are specified the lender right the lender himself. such case, the lender can call his beginning, when the offer made. there are three scenarios loans and result will take over and choose withdraw which the loan closed. the collateral and trade positions compensation. the wrangler the wrangler entity conceptualized for the lendroid ecosystem. one two incentivized actors within the protocol, the wrangler intended perform computationally intensive role: that monitoring the margin accounts. monitoring and 'wrangling' terminal accounts (at liquidation level), the wrangler maintains the general health the ecosystem, while also protecting the interests the lenders. however, the applications such processing power spill beyond the requirements the protocol, and can begin enhance the experience the other participants. ... margin level monitoring every on-chain event broadcast the protocol. this broadcast that the wrangler tunes into. the wrangler keeps tabs each development: from the creation margin account, every state change position, adding collateral, etc until the account liquidated. whenever there change the state margin account result calling function from the lendroid smart contract system, the account smart contract triggers event notifying and specifying the function name and the corresponding margin account. name datatype description marginaccount address address themargin account whose state has changed functionname string the function call that resulted the state change. the following pseudocode highlights the set off-chain (off-chain) calculate total borrowed value; and on-chain computations performed the wrangler (off-chain) calculate position value; while monitoring margin accounts. figure illustrates the (off-chain) calculate the resulting profit loss; process.: (on-chain) obtain the loan terms calling defaultingaccount none; getloanofferdetails(pr[offerhash]) function from the while defaultingaccount none: loan smart contract; (on-chain) pick random position from the list open positions; (on-chain) obtain the units from (off-chain) calculate interest accrued based the loan terms; (off-chain) calculate the margin level from formula pr[collateralunits], pr[totalborrowedunits], and the margin level falls below pr[positionunits] calling the getpositiondetails(pr) defaultingaccount pr[account]; function from the margintrade smart contract; (off-chain) query the market values for these units; (off-chain) calculate collateral value; defaultingaccount not none: (on-chain) call triggerauction(defaultingaccount) from the auction smart contract for accurate and contextual computation, the wrangler needs both on-chain and off-chain data. important note that margin monitoring, recognized aspect risk management, was hitherto performed centralized exchange protect the lender's interests and the market integrity. conventional exchanges would make what known 'margin call' actual phone call the trader, asking him deposit additional funds when the account dipped below certain percentage leverage []. since the concept margin call improbable the blockchain ecosystem, the wrangler's role becomes all the more vital for the health the market. this why the wrangler's role, powered computational capability, incentivized innovative ways. for instance, seen ..., wrangler can delegated for fee the lender not just monitor the account, but also help with rolling over expiring loan with fresh one. the wrangler picks bounty when 'wrangles' account liquidation level. also stands earn the right the margin trader's collateral his trade positions, when triggers auction. margin account monitoring actively listening state changes any margin account recursive querying market data reporting defaulting margin account initiating liquidation verifying the report liquidating the margin account rewarding the vigilante oracle scs margin accouts external market wrangler figure ... triggering auction having identified what deems terminal margin account, the wrangler already stands win the bounty attached it. however, there more stake. the wrangler cannot withdraw the collateral liquidate the positions any more than the margin trader can. triggers auction, competitive process, which demands that the claim verified the lendroid smart contract system and also other competing wranglers via independent sources market information. the actual auction process described subsequent section. who helps the auction's primary aim repay the lender's loan with interest. the auction complete only this basic criterion met. exercise their right the collateral and the positions, the wranglers repay the lender funds proportionate the percentage they won the auction. because the competition prompts wranglers bid progressively lower for the collateral, the lendroid auction the margin trader stands chance salvage some his collateral the end the exercise, instead having lose all. the wrangler who identified the account paid the bounty, and every wrangler who bid successfully gets win portion the assets. the concept market order limit order inefficient conventional exchanges and improbable the blockchain. requires intractable trust the short, the wranglers get further their assets potentially discounted price, the margin trader not impacted beyond repair, and the lender's interests are protected. centralized exchange. when the collateral and positions margin account need repurposed, they are taken over one more wranglers following competitive bid. clear, this not winner-take-all auction. every wrangler chooses repay small portion the total outstanding loan and his how happens multiple wranglers can monitor the margin account the same time. the wrangler who first identifies the terminal account triggers the startauction function the auction smart contract. the smart contract triggers oracle call and subsequently checks the account's margin level. the oracle, this case, serves anti-spam feature. the margin level below the liquidation level, then the auction starts. bid will proportionately considered. other words, the wrangler takes over the account, but only the corresponding percentage the loan that repays. once the auction commences, remains open for total minutes allowing various wranglers submit their bids. say the total amount owed the trader eth. wrangler pays eth and wrangler pays eth, they receive and the margin account respectively. addition receiving trade positions, they can also request portion the collateral. the collateral requested transferred compensate for losses the trade positions taken over them. both the lsts and the collateral are distributed based the position closed the wranglers. the only exception being the first wrangler detect the unhealthy margin account who guaranteed the lsts staked reward for hisvigilance. the remaining then distributed among the rest. summarize, the the position closed will determine how much the lst and collateral each wrangler receives, while the collateral requested will determine the order which the wranglers repay the loan. scenario: total margin account loans: eth total interest accrued: eth total owed lenders: eth wranglers start bidding for portion the whole margin account, and how much collateral they require addition portion the open positions they have rights over. loan repaid collateral requested wrangler wrangler wrangler wrangler once minutes have passed, the smart contract proceeds process the bids and allocates the positions, collateral and lsts accordingly. the bids are ordered collateral requested: loan repaid (eth) collateral requested accepted lst actual collateral distributed wrangler wrangler wrangler accepted and refunded */. wrangler rejected and refunded margin trader refunded lendroid will subsequently introduce two types scripts. one for monitoring margin accounts and defaulting loans, and the other bid auctions that wranglers can put use. these scripts are designed minimize effort monitoring and bidding. the smart contract pivotal aspect the lendroid protocol. permissionless access and censorship resistance have been two key focuses the ethereum smart contract. considering the evolving nature the lendroid protocol, and the immutability the smart contract, have worked towards design that enables upgradability and modularity. important note that lendroid smart contract system. runs not one central smart contract, but system coded rules how handle values inside the ethereum blockchain. upgradable and modular the lendroid smart contract system, there are the fund smart contracts, business logic contracts and the proxy contracts. funds are held and handled fund smart contract. the inviolable nature these contracts effectively put use when defining loan contracts, executing range cryptoeconomic functions. the business rules smart contracts, the other hand, are community-driven contracts. market parameters, token support and other considerations will determined the community. when such modifications are writ, the proxy smart contract redirects the relevant business rules smart contract. the lendroid support token, lst, the native token the lendroid protocol. participation requires user possess lsts. those that not are incentivized earn lsts engaging activities that contribute the health the ecosystem. with all erc tokens, lsts will tradeable following the crowd sale (details annexure). the lst has been envisioned for three-fold objective: lubricate process and drive utility the protocol; incentivize participation; empower governance. non-rent-seeking protocol, self-sustenance can achieved only the lst tied value creation. utility toll quote ethereum foundation advisor william mougayar, ""...there needs specific linkage between user actions and the resulting effects those actions the overall value the organization." the lst enables utility and lubricates process the protocol. there are four players the protocol, two which provide utility the relayers and the wranglers and two others who avail these utilities and participate maximize profits the lenders and the borrowers/margin traders. lendroid, the toll for service utility providers the protocol baked into the system. consider the following table. when floating offer, for instance, the lender deposits lst fees meant for the relayer well for the wrangler. when the margin trader avails the loan, too deposits his toll for the wrangler and the relayer. the toll paid only when the loan closed, and only pro-rata depending how long the loan was open. however, the deposit always made full the maximum possible fee for the full loan term. transaction lender relayer wrangler margin trader avail loan close loan pays receives receives pays margin position changed receives receives pays margin call pays receives pays incentivized participation even without possessing single token lst, user might participate lendroid. wrangler, can monitor margin accounts and choose earn lsts identifying those accounts liquidation level. other words, they can part the network even without lsts, pitching provide vital services like monitoring loan lifecycles and margin accounts. incentivizing the community, lendroid hopes sustain its operations and maintain the health its margin accounts. enabling governance even when considering the blockchain ecosystem whole, governance evolving aspect. not all the models that work real life have been transmuted for the ecosystem and nor they necessarily have the same results []. the lst has been envisioned vehicle enable code upgrades, network parameters, and supported assets. the last aspect, for instance, cannot arbitrary centrally controlled. while lendroid designed compatible with all erc tokens, there might be, particular day, particular token that proves too volatile lend trade in. such instances, the community can choose suspend support that particular token. during the initial stages the system, the code, terms and parameters will set the lendroid team. these will subsequently become community-based processes, allowing for such models and the decentralized autonomous organization (dao) other models that the community adopts []. the vehicle for such governance will, however, the lst. shared lending pool figure lend against anything that can tokenized believe that assets the future will tokenized and tradeable globally real time. believe lendroid holds limitless applications marketplaces across industries. this whitepaper, elucidate protocol the ethereum blockchain that makes founding attempt bringing together lending, leveraged margin trading and short selling, onto single protocol decentralized, trust-independent, non-rent-seeking. the protocol seeks overcome 'on-chain' limitations inadequate computational power, latency and impractical gas cost creating symbiotic off-chain infrastructure supported incentivized participants. the native token keeps the network operational, fuels the utility layer the protocol and offers security community governance. important goal the protocol nurture decentralized, global, shared lending pool, with far-reaching applications beyond just the use case margin trading. the modular and extensible nature the protocol could make the basis for all lending-related use cases for increasing number assets that are being tokenized across industries. the protocol's inherent non-partisanship, where single group stakeholders draws arbitrary benefit, inspired enabling lending, leveraged margin trading and short selling single protocol non-rent seeking, publicly accessible, decentralized and trust-independent compatible with all erc tokens publicly accessible smart contracts for enhanced interoperability decentralized lending borrower pledges collateral, eligible for times leverage lender defines terms loan amount, interest, expiration period offer object, with ecdsa signature ecrecover function verifies signature, smart contract checks validity loan, lender's funding account. funds then credited trader's margin account shared lending pool all loan offers are recorded and available every relayer the protocol irrespective which relayer records the loan offer, accessible all relayers shared lending pool has far-reaching applications, beyond just margin trading margin trading margin trader can deposit not just one kind collateral token his choice, but multiple kinds erc-based tokens the same time, the same margin account. stakes lst when opening margin account. this refunded closes his positions and repays the loan, and paid bounty wranglers the account reaches liquidation level. successful trade and meeting loan terms, margin trader may withdraw collateral and profits. interface and bookkeeping relayers maintain offer books and order books off-chain relayers can offer apis facilitate programmatic access offer books with access the entire lending pool, relayers can maintain liquidity and create interface that encourages patronage. relayers are incentivized with the native token lst. they are paid when loans are closed. margin-level monitoring and loan repayment wranglers are lendroid-exclusive players, incentivized monitor margin accounts and close loans. wranglers monitor margin accounts off-chain, 'wrangle' accounts liquidation level, repay lender's loan, take over trader's options and collateral. loan repayment incentivized aspect the protocol; encourages symbiosis among the players. loan closed either the trader after successful trade, wranglers after taking over margin account liquidation level. the unlikely case neither trader wrangler repay, the lender calls the loan, withdraws collateral and trade positions. lendroid auction when wrangler identifies terminal margin account, the claim verified the smart contract. ratified, the wrangler awarded bounty (part the loan offer object, deposited the lender) and the triggerauction function called. the lendroid auction not winner take all. the trader's collateral and positions are taken over, but not any single wrangler. every wrangler chooses repay small portion total outstanding loan and his bid would proportionately considered. lendroid support token powers the utility layer the protocol. lsts are baked into the protocol for the service providers relayers and wranglers. incentivizes participation the protocol. for example, without single lst, user authorized monitor margin accounts and she identifies account liquidation level, stands earn lsts envisioned vehicle enable code upgrades, network parameters, and supported assets. appendix from here on, margin trading seemed logical first use case while the positions are subject market risks and the for lendroid. trader's decisions, the loan terms are typically defined contract, replete with interest rates, specific time frame for margin trading repayment the loan amount, and legal/punitive action trader wishes monetize his confidence the price case defaulting. despite its volatility (or perhaps because asset increasing/decreasing, would take position it), margin trading widely adopted process globally. purchasing/selling the asset. extremely certain, typically carried out through centralized exchange, which would build leveraged position borrowing additional manages the margin account. funds from lender magnify his profits [].see figure ... margin account and levels trader mandated maintain some predetermined levels his margin account all times. dip these levels can trigger warnings lead automatic liquidation the margin account. guard against risk, while exchanges have defined range levels exclusive particular economic margin trading basic lender systems, some these levels are used consistently exchanges around the world. loan contr act initial level: the trader deposits initial margin, which certain percentage the total traded value. the deposit can funds and/or securities. this initial margin too determined the exchange. centralized exchanges typically set the initial level trading can commence once the initial level deposited.the trader's adherence the margin ader initial level used determine whether not loan can granted. liquidation level: volatility and price are dynamic market borrows from lender during trading, and the exchange lends itself certain level uncertainty. however, there point opens trade positions which confidence the performance the with the borrowed funds closes open positions margin account disappears. the absolute level and repays loan withdraws profit loss which account liquidated the collateral and figure positions sold off the liquidation level. typically, the initial level the liquidation level set consider the following scenario: assumption: xyt(a fictional token) eth; xxt fictional token) eth margin trader deposits xyt collateral. for initial margin the margin trader gets times the collateral value, that is, upto eth. this the total borrowed amount which she then uses open position xxt for initial value xxt. for liquidation level set table shows how few possible scenarios can play out over timeline. each time ti, the margin level calculated the formula: margin level (net value margin account loss position) total borrowed amount collateral value xyt eth eth total borrowed value eth position value xxt eth eth interest accrued eth p/l position value total borrowed value eth margin level collateral value/total borrowed value margin level (collateral value-interest accrued p/l) total borrowed value (-+) time collateral units collateral value borrowed units borrowed value position units position value profit (loss) interest accrued margin level (%) xyt eth; xxt eth xyt eth eth eth xxt eth eth eth (-+) xyt eth; xxt eth xyt eth eth eth xxt eth eth eth (-. xyt eth; xxt eth xyt eth eth eth xxt eth eth) eth (-.-) (margin call!) the margin account liquidated once the margin level reaches below centralized exchanges are heavily regulated the governments the countries they operate in. they are monolithic, inaccessible except pre-approved participants, and subject censorship. even under ordinary circumstances, the level risk can seem prohibitive. for instance, when margin account centralized exchange reaches the liquidation level, there taking over positions; just straightforward liquidation the market price. not unusual for such 'unrestricted' liquidation trigger what known flash crash, domino effect centralized exchange complex structure, dropping levels among margin accounts. built upon three layers. see figure but most all, centralized exchanges have proven liquidity related activities user interface for lender and trader order book maintenance offer book maintenance porous human error malicious attacks. even periodic auditing might not airtight solution, since the vulnerability inherent, even the threat has not materialized yet. such exchanges are subject the same costs, risks and vulnerabilities that any centralized repository custodianship user funds loan funds and collateral management accounting trade position management margin account monitoring margin-level maintenance margin account liquidation funds private data would be. this makes such system the antithesis the blockchain ecosystem, which premised decentralization, absolute protection and anonymity global consensus. however, margin even trading within the happens, blockchain ecosystem, for the most part, via centralized exchanges. loan repayment lender why bypass the blockchain advantage? there are few digital asset exchanges (poloniex, bitfinex, kraken) that offer margin trading their customers today. they this inviting lenders their platform and creating peer-to-peer (pp) lending pool. the lenders have little legal recourse terms repayment, and thus fully rely the exchanges make sure they get repaid properly. thus, exchanges the blockchain ecosystem, like their holding user funds, and creating platform that counterparts conventional financial systems, are left with censorship resistant and can accessed globally. further, the onerous, dual responsibility funds and collateral global network lenders will increase liquidity and reduce management well keeping the traders from overall margin trading costs. defaulting []. the exchanges hedge part the risk demanding that margin traders hold sufficient margins any given time, and intervene there risk default. relatively high initial margin (%-% compared %-% requested traditional derivatives exchanges) demanded and the margin accounts are continuously monitored, and margin traders are requested rebalance their margin from time time. the margin trader fails maintain sufficient margin levels, the exchange could step and partially full liquidate positions. this operation managing margin accounts particularly difficult with crypto due the high price volatility, but exchanges have managed handle margin calls quite well (barring few incidents [][]) and continue maintain market integrity. however, custodians customer funds, centralized exchanges expose them attacks such ddos and hacks []. this shatters market confidence, and becomes extra burden the decision the lender has make. this dissuasion results higher overall costs margin trading. the exchanges also come under the tight scanner regulatory agencies the countries they operate in. these agencies might instruct censoring certain tokens, ceasing users funds and some cases denying access certain users segregation (geographically) []. decentralized margin trading protocol would help mitigate these issues moving away from central custodians however, there are few shortcomings that are preventing this from happening today. firstly, participants the decentralized network are not bound legal system, but autonomously binding smart contracts. decrease the likelihood margin trader defaulting, the system has ensure that any given time, the margin trader has put enough collateral cover any losses might incur due sharp changes market conditions. the system should vigilant liquidating those margin accounts that are risk defaulting. the design and computing capabilities ethereum are not suited support on-chain margin trading demands recurring computations, access external data, and small cost every operation performed chain. without platform for the lenders and borrowers interact, they are left discover appropriate match their own, making this expensive and tedious process. paved the way viable alternatives. gratefully acknowledge the principles, research and pure innovation others the blockchain ecosystem. lendroid but attempt take forward the good work others have done. also acknowledge the support our backers and advisors. are grateful for the lendroid team talented, passionate people who don't take offense being called dreamers. references koudijs p., voth h.j., leverage and beliefs: personal experience and risk-taking margin lending, american economic review, fortune, "margin lending and stock market volatility", new england economic review federal reserve bank boston. margrabe w., "the value option exchange one asset for another", journal finance, xxxiii (), https://www.bfxdata.com, accessed october rademacher (lincolnshire, il, us)., adkisson (glenview, il, us), maloy (sleepy hollow, ny, us), leverage margin monitoring and management, united states, ubs (zurich, ch), http://www.freepatentsonline.com/.html. warren w., bandeali a., "x: open protocol for decentralized exchange the ethereum blockchain", https://www.xproject.com/pdfs/x_white_paper.pdf, accessed october eskandari s., clark j., sundaresan v., adham m., "on the feasibility decentralized derivatives markets", https://users.encs.concordia.ca/~clark/papers/_wtsc.pdf, accessed october santa-clara p., saretto a., option strategies: good deals and margin calls, ucla. o'mahony s., ferraro f., the emergence governance open source community, acad. management davidson, s., filippi, potts, disrupting governance: the new institutional economics distributed ledger technology. ssrn: https://papers.ssrn.com/sol/papers.cfm?abstract_id=. hartzmark, l., the effects changing margin levels futures market activity, the composition traders the market, and price performance, journal business https://blog.gdax.com/eth-usd-trading-update-dbbdc, accessed october https://cointelegraph.com/news/bitcoin-exchanges-kraken-poloniex-to-be-scrutinized-for-possible -insider-trading-manipulation, accessed october http://blog.bitfinex.com/announcements/security-breach, accessed october https://www.bitfinex.com/posts/, accessed october