leocoin white paper foreword historically, digital currencies have been the preserve technologically minded individuals with supercomputers. the founders leocoin, have ambition bring digital currency everyone. think digital currencies like leocoin can much more than the sector has managed date. finding way making this sector appeal local businesses and people, includes removing the need understand the technical details the technology. new and improved technology, combined with more user friendly interfaces can now make this possible. have major ambitions for this sector, has the potential fundamentally transform the way business done across the world. want leocoins accepted local corner shops when that happens, digital currencies will start meet their potential. the heart leocoin's approach the desire make currency for entrepreneurs, businesses all shapes and sizes, and the everyman. this whitepaper sets out how leocoin works, and our vision for the future digital currency. founders leocoin our vision for the future digital currency. contents introduction............................................................................................. consumer advantages......................................................................... merchant advantages.......................................................................... the block chain....................................................................................... regulation................................................................................................. the leocoin foundation..................................................................... glossary................................................................................................... introduction why digital currency? leocoin was created june and has been backed dedicated digital currency exchange (www.leoxchange.com) since april the first digital currency launched the that designed for small business owners; allowing individuals make fast, secure and cost effective transactions through decentralised peer-to-peer network. the usability and accessibility the currency positions leocoin world currency and the currency choice for entrepreneurs. digital currencies leapt onto the scene bringing new dynamic the speed, security and privacy financial transactions. the fallout the world banking crisis, combined with concerns over the privacy and security money and new restrictive regulations, led people look for new and innovative ways transact. conventional banking works such way that many third parties have sight and access person's financial and personal information throughout transaction, which has associated costs and privacy issues. with leocoin there not the multitude third party transferring agents who want their share the action. the cost sending leocoin practically zero compared the high costs associated with credit card and payment processing agents most businesses are used to. the opportunity for digital currencies significant: the world's largest 'cryptocurrency,' bitcoin, has around coins circulation, used around individuals transactions per day. this paper sets out introduce leocoin, the underlying technology that supports it, and its business support philosophy. explores the principles digital currency and the potential offers businesses and consumers; including increased security, privacy and flexibility. the rate inflation that can potentially diminish the purchasing power fiat traditional currencies (such sterling) does not affect the value digital currency the same degree, there fixed amount the currency produced over fixed period time and governments institutions manipulate the quantity price. from low transaction fees instant trading, explain the advantages offered both consumers and business owners, well the support network offered leo and the leocoin foundation. the leocoin foundation has been created open and participatory standards body for the leocoin project. non-profit organisation that funds the development leocoin and the leocoin infrastructure. with leocoin, there not the multitude third party transferring agents who want their share the action. leocoin who using leocoin? bitcoin was the trailblazer for digital currencies. has achieved huge amount short time, but has also opened opportunity things very different way. many experts believe that the future's leading digital currency will not bitcoin. there have been many lessons learned from the journey bitcoin and leocoin has implemented these lessons. the early days digital currency encountered many technical problems due the platforms being used; many these are still issue. these include excessive processing energy consumption, attack, and manipulation the asic computer chip that drives the technology. leocoin has been designed appeal the enterprise community: small businesses who are penalised transaction fees, domestic and international. the leading standard digital currency will the one that resolves these challenges and makes user friendly possible. this aim the heart leocoin's creation. pervious digital currencies have started from zero-base, relying word mouth and the technical knowhow the 'cryptocurrency' community. leocoin different. leo members have been involved from the start the leocoin development process, and such they were ready and waiting community merchants, consumers and traders when the leoxchange launched. this has added stability the exchange price well faster uptake than previous coins. there are already merchants offering goods and services priced leocoin and leo members who hold leocoin. this where leocoin diverges from digital currencies that have been seen date. capitalising leo's existing membership hundreds thousands, leocoin offers instant access mobilised user-base. initially leocoin used hashing algorithm (scrypt-jane) that gradually increases the demand ram computer's processing power). this method known proof work, and essence meant the more powerful computer you had, the more digital currency you could mine. however, communicating the opportunity presented digital currencies still its early stages. leoxchange conducted yougov survey that found almost small medium sized enterprises who trade internationally said transaction fees were key concern; and who transacted using debit credit cards were also worried about the associated costs. yet said they would consider using digital currency. leocoin wants capitalise that mindset. but not any longer. leocoin has now moved proof stake model which, rather than rewarding leocoin investors for the power their computer lends the network, instead rewards leocoin users based the number leocoin's they currently hold and 'stake.' essentially this means the more leocoin's you have, the more you will earn. this method far less demanding computer power and practical terms that means the consumer and small business owner does not need invest expensive and powerful machine mine leocoin. this makes leocoin mining available wider mass market audience. how does work? the total number leocoin finite. there are only billion leocoins the network that will mined over the next years. this gives leverage, robustness and longterm sustainability leocoin digital currency. mathematical computer-based process called mining generates leocoins. the mining itself very complex mathematical problem, which solved computer executing difficult number-crunching tasks. the difficulty the mining increases over time making harder obtain the coins. this acts deflationary brake the currency, therefore creating stability the price. this the opposite conventional fiat currency which decreases value each time government prints more. leocoin was designed experts using the latest technology and techniques cryptocurrency and blockchain. leocoin the cutting edge digital currency, designed for use the world's entrepreneurs well private individuals. the total number leocoin finite. there are only billion leocoins the network that will mined over the next years. this gives leverage, robustness and long-term sustainability leocoin digital currency. furthermore, leocoin pre-mined million coins ahead the exchange going live. this was designed nurture the early development the leocoin economy and add stability. consumer advantages discussed above, the major advantage leocoin the existing user-base and community that supports it. leo members are already trading amongst themselves using the currency, creating readymade economy. furthermore, the leocoin foundation's mission educate the untapped audience the business community and drive uptake digital currency. happen, very rare for holder rendered unable access their coins, unless illegal activity proven have taken place. secure leocoin's proof stake (pos) model reduces the risk 'selfish miner flaw' and attacks'. transactions any digital currency have approved and verified the peerto-peer network. this community approval means everyone has stake the currency, the community's interest ensure security. other benefits include: privacy payments with leocoin can made and finalised without any personal information being tied any transactions; and due this enhanced privacy personal information, there greater protection against identity theft. due the way the blockchain works, the identity the user not important. this means secure and kept hidden all times unless someone chooses reveal it. because all the transactions and information are highly encrypted, even extreme computational power would require thousands years crack it. value there are party transferring agents (like bank) who want their share. the cost sending leocoin practically zero compared the bank transfer costs most people are used to. every coin accounted for your ledger, merchants cannot charge extra hidden fees without being noticed. they must communicate fees the consumer before adding charges. transparency using the blockchain technology, all finalised transactions are available for everyone the network see, however all personal information hidden, i.e. you can tell when coin was spent, but not whom. while public address may visible, personal information not tied it, giving the transparency public ledger whilst the same time maintaining personal information security. accessibility digital currencies have the potential provide the unbanked with lowcost financial refuge. peer-to-peer transactions and digital currency denominated banks will allow the unbanked have safe, lowcost way manage their wealth. theory, assuming the backing financial system, digital currencies could ultimately help bring many out poverty letting capital flow more easily. control accounts that hold traditional currency can requisitioned frozen completely host authorities, often through fault the consumer. since digital currencies exist outside the traditional regulatory frameworks that allow this untapped audience international trading businesses could potentially have access millions customers who have 'unbanked' money; these are people who not use banks financial institutions manage and save their money through digital currency they would have new option. without access bank, these people rely cheque cashing services and cash-only transactions survive. aside from the danger operating exclusively cash, cheque cashing services can charge fees anywhere between percent and percent for each transaction. people who not use banks typically cannot afford open savings accounts have credit card. according the world bank, /'s the world's poor are unbanked. even some who can afford open bank account abstain because the associated costs. using credit cards bank accounts for international transactions can problematic; since they are linked the legal tender specific government, exchange rates, interest rates, and country-to-country transaction fees. this adds levels bureaucracy that have associated costs. trading across currency lines forces people pay taxes both ends, well any additional costs from using wire transfers services like western union and exchange fees. digital currency bypasses this confusion, dismantling barriers between markets. digital currencies are not bound the rules status any one government's currency, international transactions tend lot more quickly and smoothly when they are used. they bring competition the remittance and payment markets. access low cost, secure tender, could allow for the 'unbanked community' constructively participate the economy again. merchant advantages energy and cost efficient many the features above apply merchants well consumers. digital currency transactions, such leocoin, are not reversible, not carry personal information and are secure, therefore merchants are better protected from potential losses that occur from fraud. merchants are able business where crime rates and fraud rates may high and credit debit cards may not accepted. proof stake (pos) requires much less energy than other digital currencies the longer run, making leocoin attractive from sustainability perspective. design, will take approximately years distribute all the leocoins the community. meanwhile owners leocoin will rewarded with more coins the basis their stake, follows (correct july digital currency makes transaction fraud harder due the public ledger (blockchain) and the peer network encourages cooperation against fraudsters. leocoin leocoin leocoin leocoin also benefits from having existing large membership base over (plus merchants) who all receive promotional material about leocoin's marketplace, which effect additional free advertising. each year each year each year this allows leocoin have very low inflation rate that bank can change. the proof stake basis, offers significant reward encouraging people hold leocoin and benefit from these rewards. additionally, proof stake, truly democratises the way that new leocoin are spread among users. the merchant programme means leocoin can reach out more people through training, turn making them ambassadors leocoin this will perpetuate the leocoin user community and strengthen it. part our ambition coin for everyone, were keen have coin that did not rely excessive technical knowledge require significant financial investment gpus and mining rigs. instead, simple desktop wallet all that needed fully benefit from the rewards offered proof stake the block chain the blockchain pay per last shares (pplns) block rewards are distributed among the last shares, disregarding round boundaries. essentially this means the 'miner' rewarded for solving block code. the 'blockchain' the name for the system that governs transaction administration digital currency. the transactions the system are recorded public ledger, processed decentralised computers operation referred mining. uses its own unit account, this case leocoin. the accurate implementation, the number shares determined that their total will specified quantity score (where the score share the inverse the difficulty). most pools use implementation based fixed number shares fixed multiple the difficulty. leocoin has central repository and single administrator; the treasury refers digital currencies like leocoin 'decentralised virtual currency.' orphan block coins generated block will not available you right away. they will take some time confirmed the entire network before you are allowed transfer them out the pool. this minimise the risk fraudulent activity and 'double-spending' coins. once you start mining, the pool uses the following payout systems. share finding blocks not easy task. since would take long time some coins, finding block broken down into shares. depending the server side setting, each share can certain difficulty. the more difficult each share find miners, the fewer total shares are required eventually find block. usually coins have confirmation set what that actually means that the network (not the pool) has discover additional blocks top the one found the pool confirm it. simplistically, this could compared premium bonds. the more you buy, the better chances you have win the award. with leocoin you can participate this process keeping your wallet open and using your stake. estimated payout this your estimated payout block found that time. this estimate according your amount shares submitted for the round(s). stratum, protocol used miner request work from server, used for share submission and getting new work. the server side, each share checked against the coin daemon server side wallet with more features) indeed valid block solution. every share computed has the potential block solution. regulation currently there are few regulations imposed digital currencies, other than standard money laundering regulations. because their international trading potential, and the anonymity the currencies, regulations would difficult impose without altering some the fundamental benefits them. however, not all regulation bad, and leocoin supports the development steps that can taken create more confidence within the mainstream population without severely hampering innovation the privacy users. fact, leocoin has made number approaches the treasury and regulators the usa, regarding the shaping their own plans for regulation. government were intervene heavy handed fashion then digital currency would lose its core benefits privacy, security, low fees, and free marketability. over-regulation would obviously make different from current currencies. this could fact dissolve the benefits digital currency. outlawing digital currencies would simply restrict legitimate business and drive the criminals further underground, depriving the private sector the significant benefits digital currencies. however, with government approval, least acquiescence, legal businesses and users can take advantage the potential speed, low costs, flexibility, and privacy offered digital currency. over-regulation could simply drive the creation another black market, while denying the substantial benefits legitimate digital currencies the law-abiding citizen everywhere. the leocoin foundation the government are banking digital the leocoin foundation has been created open and participatory standards body for the leocoin core project. there much evidence that public and regulatory bodies are coming round the view that digital currencies are the way forward. non-profit organisation that funds the development leocoin and the leocoin infrastructure, creating new avenues for people participate the leocoin project. circle, pay-app, was granted e-money issuer licence the financial conduct authority (fca), despite the fact that the treasury had yet decide its stance regulation the digital currency market. they were supposed have done that the end undertakes research, provides education and acts enabler for public participation. fosters efficient cooperation between private and corporate stakeholders, governmental and non-governmental organisations and commercial and non-commercial entities. why does this matter? matters because this the start the process normalizing technology that until recently was seen the 'reserve cyber criminals'. essence the fca have just given the green light the sort technological step that not long ago was seen pure science fiction. cryptography and the power online networks have made possible the existence decentralised, purely digital currencies, and promoting the use such digital currencies the leocoin foundation will support improvements existing monetary systems. circle started out bitcoin 'wallet' and has since expanded into broader currency payments. uses blockchain technology make international payments from one currency another, transferring into bitcoin route, then turning back into fiat currency the other end. this means they make possible transfer british pounds russian rubles via momentary conversion bitcoin. the important point that this payment avoided the government regulation and international currency bureaucracy that governs the fiat currencies. through participating the wider digital currencies ecology, the leocoin foundation aspires thought leaders and respected contributor the development this nascent technology. through economic support the leocoin foundation will aid worthy contributors irrespective currency affiliation. through robust engagement with official bodies the leocoin foundation will become established supporter and contributor public dialogue, seeking inspire, educate and engage both the public and regulatory bodies. now circle are taking the same instant service that have come expect from facebook messenger and whatsapp and applied cash payments. the concept being able text your friend money securely was fanciful not long ago; and doing with license from government would have been unthinkable. but that's the world we're now starting live in. perhaps then that's why should surprise that, nine the world's biggest banks joined forces create framework for using blockchain. this group banks, including goldman sachs and barclays, have come together with new york-based financial tech firm the hope utilising the technology strip out processing costs and save money. what makes this development all the more interesting that it's not just some young entrepreneurial upstarts taking market, it's actually backed one the world's largest banks, barclays. governments are looking ways they can utilise too the cynically minded might say that banks and governments are doing this gain some control the technology. the future looks bright for those who view digital currencies the new transmitter value; the way mobilise economy without interference from middlemen who add value; and without the heavy burden irrelevant legislation. barclays' involvement intriguing because, not least all, blockchain technology has been regularly cited one the biggest threats the financial status quo. the reason why blockchain could threat because, used properly, takes out the middleman; and what are banks not middlemen. blockchain technology itself nothing new, it's just encrypted database that's distributed across computer network. what makes possibly revolutionary that can only updated when everyone that network agrees and once entered, the information can't overwritten. that's why people are looking for purposes such electronic voting and healthcare records. the collective responsibility and encryption makes incredibly secure and reliable. banks have dined out for centuries being that reliable secure connection for our money; take that away from them and make instant automated process and, least theory, you're taking away their reason exist. glossary asic (application-specific integrated circuit) asic microchip designed for special application, such particular kind transmission protocol hand-held computer. you might contrast with general integrated circuits, such the microprocessor and the random access memory chips your pc. asics are used wide-range applications, including auto emission control, environmental monitoring, and personal digital assistants (pdas). fiat currency currency that government has declared legal tender, but not backed physical commodity. the value fiat money derived from the relationship between supply and demand rather than the value the material that the money made of. historically, most currencies were based physical commodities such gold silver, but fiat money based solely faith. fiat the latin word for "it shall be". asic can pre-manufactured for special application can custom manufactured (typically using components from "building block" library components) for particular customer application. gpu (graphics processing unit) silicon chip specifically designed for the complex mathematical calculations needed render millions polygons modern computer game graphics. they are also well suited the cryptographic calculations needed cryptocurrency mining. block reward the reward given miner which has successfully hashed transaction block. hash hash algorithm turns arbitrarily-large amount data into fixed-length hash. the same hash will always result from the same data, but modifying the data even one bit will completely change the hash. like all computer data, hashes are large numbers, and are usually written hexadecimal. cpu (central processing unit) the cpu the part computer system that commonly referred the 'brains' computer. the cpu also known the processor microprocessor. the cpu responsible for executing sequence stored instructions called program. hash rate the number hashes that can performed bitcoin miner given period time (usually second). mining mining metaphor describe the process where someone has computer and they use the hardware storage space that computer support the processing power needed maintain digital currency ledger. other words, were pay you sum leocoins, that transaction needs recorded and verified. this needs computer hardware storage space and processing power; when someone participates and shares their computer, this called mining. pow (proof work) system that ties mining capability computational power. blocks must hashed, which itself easy computational process, but additional variable added the hashing process make more difficult. when block successfully hashed, the hashing must have taken some time and computational effort. thus, hashed block considered proof work. ram (random access memory) the main memory computer, smartphone tablet. ram the temporary workspace where instructions are executed and data are processed. what makes ram "random access" its capability reading and writing any single byte. this "byte addressability" differs from storage devices such hard disks and flash memory chips, which read and write sectors containing multiple bytes. addition, ram used temporary space for the software, while storage permanent until deleted the user. leocoin operates straightforward 'plug and play' system, meaning the mining requires little input from the user. (peer peer) decentralized interactions that happen between least two parties highly interconnected network. alternative system 'hub-andspoke' arrangement, which all participants transaction deal with each other through single mediation point. pos (proof stake) alternative proof work, which your existing stake currency (the amount that currency that you hold) used calculate the amount that currency that you can mine. selfish miner flaw the result miner keeping their block discoveries private their own pool, and cautiously revealing them the rest the honest miners, thus forcing the honest miners waste their resources blocks that are not part the blockchain. wallet secure digital application that used store leocoins. this can downloaded from the leocoin website for windows, linux, android, ios mac operating systems. leocoin foundation battle barns preston crowmarsh oxfordshire, united kingdom www.leocoinfoundation.org www.leocoin.org www.digitalchamber.org