leverj decentralized leveraged exchange technical adviser last updated: leverj.io table contents executive summary the leverj protocol derivatives leverj the leverj (lev) token token sale post-sale considerations platform features enhanced trading platform timeline roadmap leadership legal considerations leverj.io executive summary introduction acceptable for hedging risk. leverj aims satisfy the derivatives trading the largest market the requirements for practical trading decentralized world estimated quadrillion dollars with system implementing distributed exchange current growth rate per year the crypto- protocol executing off-chain, yet verifiable on-chain. currency market growing even faster rate, supporting derivatives contracts, classical hedg- and eager for full derivatives ecosystem that ex- ing strategies can combined with financial appli- ists within the traditional financial systems. current cations ethereum. the degree centralization growth centralized cryptocurrency derivatives ex- may tunable without compromise the distrib- changes, which billion daily notional value uted nature the protocol. this leaves room ex- indicates massive potential for the industry. plore decentralized variants initially centralized problem traditional finance bogged down heavy regu- algorithms, both which remain distributed. challenges lation, excessive cost and censorship, among other efforts establish markets for leveraged crypto- issues. the cryptocurrency world has inherited some currency derivatives have focused centralized these failings and added few its own, includ- exchanges that traders must trust the custodi- ing counterparty risk, account security, identity pro- ans their funds. environment where even tection, exchange centralization and exchange insta- the biggest (bitfinex) and most security conscious bility. taken together, these points friction make (shapeshift) exchanges experience loss funds inefficient and suboptimal. hacking, focus security using blockchain and opportunity blockchain based financial systems challenge the status quo providing censorship resistance, non-repudiation, counterparty risk reduction, and many other desirable properties financial contracts. cryptography and game theory offer opportunity build regulatory benefits into blockchain products. cryptography becomes imperative. while decentralized exchanges are nothing new, most them offer poor user experience, low liquidity, and scant traction. most these systems subsequently fail adopted scale. solution leverj decentralizes the most security critical features derivatives trading implementing them trading system has efficiency and risk manage- smart contracts. leverj focuses derivatives ment requirements that make usable and practi- trading and the supporting ecosystem. plan cal; however, these requirements are currently only build ecosystem features that will enable insti- satisfied centralized systems. current decentral- tutions move into the cryptocurrency world. ized exchanges are unsuitable for trading and barely http://www.bis.org/statistics/d.pdf http://www.bis.org/publ/qtrpdf/r_qt.pdf https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/volume/-hour/ leverj.io the leverj protocol fig leverj protocol leverj consists on-chain custody and staking optimized for speed and are designed not contracts along with off-chain centralized or- depend the blockchain. der book and matching engine. the exchange provides various aspects the trading experience the user interacts with such ui, api, integration with other platform services, etc. segregated accounts custody contract implements the non-custodial model leverj. its purpose hold funds and ensure that only the owner can deposit withdraw from it. when user deposits into the smart contract (), custody allocates any tokens ether the user signs orders with their private key and sends orders the exchange(). this ensures that the key that controls the account the same key that authorized the order other operation. the updated order book streamed all users off-chain like any other centralized order book. orders are matched, executions are also streamed all users. executions are periodically synced() the blockchain. the custody smart contract verifies the integrity the fills and updates user balances(). received against the sending address and enables ensure any pending executions are synced and withdrawal only the balance account holds. balances are updated, withdrawals are gated this ensures that its not possible for any malicious the exchange. the user submits signed request actor take control all the funds. the exchange, which ensures there are open order book and matching engine orders unsynced transactions and submits the request the custody contract. however after blocks inactivity, the user can withdraw order book and matching are centralized and are directly() from the custody contract even without off-chain. the order-cancel-match critical path exchange involvement. leverj.io staking though the exchange performs the match, the cus- custody contract accumulates fees and sends tody contract transfers assets after verifying user the staking contract. the staking contract periodi- signatures and integrity all changes. executions cally calculates the allocation for everyone based need meet specifications set both users ac- the amount and duration the stake according cording the signatures from their private key for the staking formula. staking generates new tokens the smart contract move assets among users. needed. fees paid ether are sent the owner the staking contract (leverj) and the appropriate malicious user amount fee generated and distributed. since the only avenue extract assets via user attack vectors account, compromised exchange would have set malicious user and collaborate with there are two main kinds attack custodial move all assets into that user supplying data models. the first the heist, where significant way overcome the checks the custody contract. portion the funds taken once. the attack- since all executions need signatures from users and does not expect able repeat the attack executions without assets backing them would and would generally not care the theft detected rejected, the exchange would have rearrange ex- immediately. the second skimming, where small isting legitimate orders favor the malicious user. amounts funds are taken repeatedly over lon- these can only occur small pieces and are skim- ger duration. the attacker generally would like ming attacks. undetected since repeating the attack many times possible key big payout. our model protocol aims provably prevent heists and prevent de- instead matching peer-to-peer, users can submit tect most types skimming using fraud-proofs. their orders one more matching entities (ex- preventing heists for heists possible, the possibility for one person control all coins custody must possible. changes), which can the matching and submit fills the smart contract. protocol spec segregated accounts that only enable the depositor withdraw only their own balance eliminate this user deposits into segregated account possibility, since the attacker would now need the custodian keys most users the platform. ensuring that user deposits asset into his segregated the user's keys are never sent across the network account from ethereum address also fundamental requirement for this work. custodian updates user balance for therefore all authentication must using public/ private keys only. password other shared secrets should never used. trading settlements movement assets between users part trade settlement requires that both users sign the amounts and price they are ready exchange. al- exchange updates balance after confirmations enabling trading new balance user submits signed order with signature sigmai exchange validates order against signature sigmai exchange countersigns order with signature and returns user exchange updates order order book leverj.io exchange matches orders and creates execution exchange periodically submits execution set custodian custodian processes execution set custodian verifies user signatures sigma and sigma and execution parameters (price, quantity, expiration, etc.) against orders and for each custodian settles asset balance between users and matched orders custodian ensures integrity all asset balances ensuring all assets add user initiates withdraw request from his segregated account custodian moves user's ethereum address fees any are moved from custodian staking contract. there never any assets flowing exchange. all fee and ether move the staking contract, which generates and allocates fee tokens needed. replay attack simple way synthesize victim order simply remember past order and use when the price adverse for the victim. the exchange simply duplicates order and fills price favoring colluding user. custodian contract prevents replay attacks the tracking order ids all matched orders and rejecting duplicates. cancelled order attack variant the above when the exchange simply fills order that was cancelled. storing cancelled order ids the smart contract impractical, since cancels are numerous and cancellation need fast. however, proof-of-cancellation (exchange signature cancel request) can used fraudproof that can submitted the custodian. the custodian can verify that cancelled order has been filled and halt the exchange. price-time priority violation attack even non-cancelled orders can used for attacks protocol security the exchange cannot synthesize alter orders with the signature legitimate user and the protocol constraints prevent catastrophic theft. compromised exchange however may collude with and favor malicious user using variety skim attacks. favor colluding user, the exchange would need simply withholding them from the order book and waiting for adverse price movement and matching with colluding user. such violations can detected the user using price-time fraud proof: execution exists for order with better price but later timestamp than the victim order. signed orders from victim users which would non-acknowledgement attack filled adverse price. since the exchange can- exchange may refuse accept legitimate or- not synthesize alter orders, may try manipu- ders from user due operational policies such late legitimate orders use them for victimization. rate limiting network issues; these not note that even coarse expiry time the orders produce fraud-proofs. contrast, non-acknowl- greatly reduces the impact and detection burden edgement attack occurs when the exchange takes the attack. note that this not comprehensive list user's signed order and instead replying with its all possible attacks but framework quickly own signature, saves the submitted order for skim- address them quickly adding fraud-proofs when ming. then waits for the price move and then new defect discovered. matches unfavorable price, siphoning profit leverj.io colluding user. this happens, user can detect mitigation skim attacks immediately when sees one his unacknowl- the exchange would need sync executions the edged orders filled. the fraud proof for this the smart contract containing fraudulent execution same the price-time fraud-proof. before the assets can withdrawn. the syncing suppressed executions attack will cause anyone monitoring the executions detect the anomaly instantly and submit fraud-proofs while executions cannot synthesized dupli- described below, preventing the attacker from cated, they can certainly suppressed, enabling stealing funds. compromised exchange simply suppress losing trades colluding user from being synced the smart contract and withdrawing funds while the smart contract still the stale state. this variant toctou attack. users who observe withdrawals being processed while the custodian compromised exchange can rearrange orders that flow into and executions that flow out the matching engine. there are four possible rearrangements: suppress, pass faithfully, duplicate and reorder (i.e., pass after delay) stale state can submit fraud proof preventing the there are two possible order operations: cancel and attacker from withdrawing. create. updates are simply cancel and create. faithful passes are not attacks, have the following attack matrix: suppress duplicate reorder order create non-acknowledgment effect cancel order attack order cancel non-acknowledgment replay price-time priority execution execution suppression prevented effect table combinatorial attacks leverj protocol all these attacks are described above and have fraud-proofs that can submitted the custodian contract disincentivize skimming attacks. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/time_of_check_to_time_of_use leverj.io most cases, when withheld for skimming, the price-time priority for compromised exchange skim from the user, would need violate price-time priority. this can detected most cases. consider the order book time and prices above spread are asks, ones below are bids. price moves adversely bid adverse move would have put ask below the victim bid for skimming profitable. market moving adversely would cause execution better price (o.time), enabling detect the violation. the time for execution effectively the time the taker order. therefore, price-time priority has been violated if: there execution where the maker order o's time worse than the victim's order o's time price better than price detection for victim bids: for all executions after o.time let ei.maker isviolation oi.time o.time oi.price number lev staked (passed user) let the expiry block number let current_block number blocks stake then number lev blocks staked stake[user] evblocks[user] total_levblocks fee events (periodic aggregated) could combine with expiry: total_fees fee sent for trading fees eth sent for trading fees eth_fee_rate expiry adjust supply: total_fees fee_supply: generate (total_fees fee_supply) fee tokens expiry (for all users): fee_share[user] (levblocks[user] total_levblocks) total_fees transfer fee_share[user] fee user transfer stake[user] user token sale token supply token description billion) tokens created available for purchase including bonus founders liquidity and operations partners unsold tokens will sent burning contract where are locked for months and the remaining are locked for years order stabilize lev utility during the early adoption phase. founders pledge donate lev proportional the burnt ratio the liquidity and operations pool airdrops and bounties will paid from the liquidity and operations token sale structure duration price tokens lev per eth token lev per eth token sale timeline event date utc) sale start sale ends leverj.io post-sale considerations token distribution secondary sales the following pie chart provides the breakup the leverj holds tokens for liquidity and opera- tokens distribution. all tokens, including pre-sale, tions. leverj will stake most these tokens order are distributed via smart contract, audited con- get fee tokens. leverj therefore economical- sensys, and managed the independent escrow incentivized hold these tokens and has providers bravenewcoin.com (bnc). plans present sell large portions these tokens secondary market. part business purpose share partners liquidity/ops cases, will require lockout periods sufficient token sale market value. founders case the leverj team chooses sell lev tokens development, some tokens may given financial institutions part partnership agreements, incentivize advisors and new employees. such length ensure there major disruption that holds the secondary market the future, will sell around the each month vesting schedule amount approximately usd worth the token vesting schedule, shown below, has been tokens. for any amounts exceeding this, the public designed specifically align the long-term inter- will receive notice least one week advance ests the founding team with those public to- the time and amount tokens that may sold. ken sale participants maintain consistent and healthy growth the trading ecosystem. the long drawn-out vesting schedule also ensures that the team continuously motivated and stays vested the success the project for longer duration. early exit the core team also impacts the success the project and thereby the value the token. liquidity operations require that portion (up supply) the tokens will made available the order book. traders can buy from sell into the book and this means our share tokens will vary slightly based market activity. use proceeds period locked developement immediately marketing months biz developement months legal months operations liquidity leverj.io disclaimer: our project subject several other considerations that require flexibility how spend the raise. for example, get opportunity partner with legacy financial powerhouse, may need invest significant resources for speedy implementation. may also have opportunity work with regulators untapped crypto markets such the united states that may require unforeseen expenditures. all-in-all, since have centralized component, have need for operational and strategic flexibility unlike pure protocol project. converting fiat: most the raise will kept eth and converted fiat necessary. there will initial conversion usd bootstrap the project. leverj.io platform features base platform centralized trading platforms have inherent coun- chances malware other security breaches stealing coins your trading computer. terparty and custodial risk. user identity, transaction history, and funds are all ultimately controlled the exchange operators. the exchange custody these valuables makes attractive target for hackers, lawsuits and state actors. the risks and losses inherent centralization can substantial. leverj provides decentralized identity avoid identity leaks. decentralized identity derivatives offerings leverj focuses derivatives products, which distinguishes from other dex offerings. using non-custodial risk management, can offer derivatives third-party issued identity (such email ad- products without requiring exchange user dress) puts you the mercy centralized ex- take over losing positions for liquidations. eth/usd change's competence, fairness and integrity. every inverse futures will the primary offering. howev- identity you use can held hostage the interests er, can offer futures any market with stable, and whims unpredictable actors such hackers well developed market. can also offer variety governments. options futures liquid erc tokens. decentralized identity can used for authenti- on-chain settlement cation, signatures contracts, attestation documents, messaging other traders and share media. hardware wallet support with on-chain exchange, there are custody settlement and manual withdrawal processing steps since closing position results near-instant settlement. elimination exchange custodial responsibility the exchange has the pleasant side-effect not requiring the exchange perform cryptography has made remarkable financial any actions order for you access your profits. products possible, but the cost ever-pres- eliminate waiting for exchange action settle ent risk compromise via malware, security trades, process expiries and refill hot-wallets. every breaches, custodial issues regards pri- change your position automatically updates your vate keys held computers and backend serv- equity real-time, making your funds available for ers. hardware wallet support greatly reduces the withdrawal subject only blockchain latencies. leverj.io enhanced trading platform the privacy and security benefits decentralization push, rather than hoping you guessed the exit price and the basics reliable stops and position manage- correctly. leverj supports price action entries that ment facilitate trading, but fall short that available enter and exit precisely, reducing unexpected losses legacy financial platforms. the leverj enhanced and suboptimal exits. trading platform brings these features digital currency, enabling rapid growth the leverj platform. automated trade management trade replay video the best way improve your trading observe yourself trading. trade replay videos allow the trader the most profitable professional traders use discre- view how trade was planned and executed, from tionary entry and mechanical trade management. placing the entry order, stop management, this approach enables them focus their atten- eventual exit. video replay can used document tion market opportunities and delegate trade your trading, share with and teach other traders, management software modules. this "fire and simply archive your greatest trading moments. even forget" approach eliminates entire class trade add audio commentary and background music. your management errors. for example, order will video making killing the big bear move would placed enter the breakout signal bar the fantastic with carmina burana soundtrack. bar closes strongly. once filled, trailing stop will tighten below every new swing point once new subscribe high reached. partial profits are taken every another great way learn any highly specialized push and the position closed parabolic move. skill mentored someone who excels all these are orchestrated routinely once the po- that field. find the most respected traders, subscribe sition open, relieving the stress trade manage- their feed, and learn from them lot faster than ment and enabling the trader focus price ac- you would learn trading (and possibly losing) your tion and new entries. own money. open your trade videos and reports price action entries the most common trading regret taking position and share with the world. you are good trader, you can build following. due "fear missing out" (fomo). fomo entries are managed trading caused hesitation due less-than-perfect setup many people desire the exposure digital currency, and subsequent late reaction once price moves with but are too busy their professional lives spare unexpected strength. habitual fomo trading makes their attention for full-time trading. managed trad- impossible build trading discipline. price action ing presents attractive alternative those who entries free the trader from absolute price levels and have the capital but not the skill trade. simply allow focus remain unfolding market structure. "follow" replicate trades highly skilled traders for example, you may want enter the breakout automatically exchange for percentage the signal bar, want stops trail below the low winnings. the beginning this likely fixed the prior bar instead fixed number ticks. you percentage but the platform evolves, expect may want sell the close bar the third traders set their own rates. leverj.io simulated trading zero-knowledge api keys the first few months new trader's performance unlikely profitable. addition, there substantial risk testing out unproven ideas with real money. simulated trading enables trying out ideas and fine tuning trading strategy with real-time market data, while avoiding market risk. once the trading idea setup proven, can confidently executed live account. historical data replay and trading trading reporting service needs authorized perform certain operations behalf the user. the centralized world, this accomplished through api keys. leverj provides zero-knowledge institutional trading largely algorithmic and the api keys that enable integration with vendors and ability fine tune and harden trading system partners without relying transport and storage depends reliable historical data. how would secrecy. this enables the creation ecosystem trading strategy fare during the great bull move and decentralized services that can build new value subsequent crash harden trading strate- network the blockchain. gies replaying extreme market conditions and conditions. leverj brings the advantages enjoyed issues with decentralized leveraged trading add safeguards ensure sustainability adverse institutional traders crypto trading, enabling leveraged trading adds risk management and posi- re-playing market data fine tune and perfect your tion management capabilities required for practical home grown strategies. trading. adding margin position re-leasing marketplace margin from winning position open new position are practical necessities for trading. recent marketplace for decentralized trading services attempts decentralized leveraged trading plat- essential rich ecosystem. instead building forms have resulted poor user experience due your own indicators and strategies, buy them from lack attention practical exchange operation is- marketplace. you have developed great indicator, sues. leveraged trading adds another level com- list the marketplace and get paid fee tokens. plexity decentralized trading that must care- plugin framework fully designed. exchange needs performant addition secure for trading enjoyable plugin framework enables quick composition addition enabling the basic goals decentraliza- ideal trading environment, building the work tion. the key issues with decentralized trading are others. plugin your own indicators, trading strate- latency, finality and liquidity. address these gies, reports, anything else that enrich your trad- using the blockchain sparingly and relying ancil- ing experience. the plugin framework founda- lary technology where possible. tional aspect the marketplace. leverj.io stops not saved adding margin pullback deep- reliable stops are the hardest feature get per- than expected. all all, this approach trading fect, even for centralized exchanges. when price essentially gamble direction point time. spike can trigger stop, but never fill (or fill sophisticated trader requires the ability modify the undesirable price) becomes imperative your margin backing any position based price action. position. this induces attention fatigue and causes indeed, the freedom take profit and allocate unforced error that reduce your profitability. profes- new opportunity should smooth and natural sional traders simply cannot afford trade with- ensure that the trader can take profit when price ac- out reliable stops, since they are vital precise risk tion enables it. leverj enables addition and removal management. leverj provides atomic stops that are margin with intuitive stop order inter-face that guaranteed fill within predictable range. allows traders manage position margin. liquidations split/merge when trader's position moves into losing area good practice take partial profit wind- beyond its allocated margin, the position needs fall move the trader's favor. the ability split liquidated. leverj able liquidate positions large position facilitates this. once position without the need for centralized exchange user split, possible manage each position differ- take over the position. ently, for example, tighter stop half protect profits and looser stop the remaining for lon- position management ger holding periods. the converse the ability good position management often the only differ- build position many small entries (such ence between break-even trader and profitable iceberg orders) and manage them single po- trader. platform that facilitates good position man- sition merging them. leverj provides splitting/ agement practices essential trade effectively. merging positions, giving the trader flexibility add/remove margin current decentralized leveraged systems "lock-in" margin until the contract expires settled. this means profits cannot taken when available the market reacts earlier than expected. positions can- react appropriately the market and manage exits, leverage and stops for optimal profit. leverj.io cross/fixed traders who trade long timeframes and accumulate large positions need use all available margin (cross margin) ensure they can accumulate through large dips without being stopped out. however, often they also wish trade portions with fixed margin protect profits moves smaller timeframe. leverj the only exchange that offers simultaneous fixed and cross margin while splitting fixed portion out the cross margin for partial exit. network congestion blockchains can suffer congestion for extended durations. severely congested network may mean that settlement transactions are confirmed with significant delay, but wont impact actual settlement amounts. leverj.io timeline start founders bharath rao and nirmal gupta meet concept for decentralized leveraged derivatives bitcoin conceived proof concept development motion self-funded full-time development begins coinpit.io becomes the first exchange open-source security code q-q coinpit.io launches public beta industry first features: decentralized identity segregated accounts zero-knowledge authentication exclusive industry first: multisig with user controlled private key on-blockchain settlement q-q industry first robust median index launched coinpit.io launched techcrunch disrupt seed angel investment raised inverse contract launched exclusive industry first: proof-of-audit embedded blockchain zero-knowledge api keys hardware multisig wallet launched leverj.io roadmap base platform decentralized eth/erc spot trading platform $.m hardware key authentication instant settlement fully decentralized custody futures trading live enhanced platform raise needed price action entries raise needed trade replay videos managed trading simulated trading historical data replay and trading marketplace plugin framework social media trading automated strategies enhanced reporting internationalization encrypted/anonymous messaging/chat/email leverj.io product offerings major cryptocurrency futures raise needed crypto index and futures cfd oil/gold/top commodities single stock futures major world index futures leverj.io leadership bharath rao, founder/ceo entrepreneur. trader. techie. leader. blogger. speaker. inventor year wall st. veteran policy and strategy advisor liberland computer engineering from syracuse university nirmal gupta, cofounder/cto full stack developer. years forex trading software aerospace engineering from iit kanpur babu sk, operations fintech veteran, growth tech strategy operational transformation mba, iim bangalore gerry howatt, marketing year marketing executive, media strategist, product marketer, partnership development, entrepreneur lawrence university swapman, advisor economics financial theory financial market expert, crypto market expert trader, economist m.sc. economics, university south denmark alexandra ward, community manager crypto personality and trader. administrative role trading communities. moderator bitcoin-related subreddit. leverj.io benny sadeh, software craftsman years software engineering m.s. computer science, university alabama merunas grincalaitis ethereum smart contract and javascript engineer universidad granada leverj.io legal consideration part legal due-diligence, the leverj team has are not securities. tokens are nonrefund- consulted with several law firms around the globe able. tokens are not for speculative in- evaluate the implications our structure, token vestment. promises future perfor- launch, and operations. can make guaran- mance value are made with respect tees regarding the legality the platform launch tokens, including promise inherent any given jurisdiction. regardless, have mod- value, promise continuing payments, eled the platform provably compliant with and guarantee that tokens will hold the spirit regulations major jurisdictions and any particular value. tokens are not par- hope model regulatory compliance for ticipation the company and tokens hold decentralized applications and token launches. rights said company. tokens are sold will responsive and collaborative with any regu- functional good and all proceeds re- lators necessary going forward. ceived company may spent freely forward looking statements company absent any conditions. tokens are intended for experts dealing with cryptographic this document has forward looking statements that tokens and blockchainbased software systems. to- are subject risks and uncertainties, which could ken sale unavailable chinese residents, cause actual results differ materially from those persons seychelles residents and ofac anticipated. such statements are based our be- sanctioned countries and persons (sdn). liefs well assumptions made and information currently available unforeseeable technical limitations legal landscape for derivatives trading derivatives trading are area interest for many regulators around the globe, including those with- some the features described herein are based the united states. leverj intends operate our our current understanding blockchain technology business accordance with the laws relevant ju- and the assumption that blockchain systems contin- risdictions. such, leverj may not immediately work with the same characteristics the near available certain jurisdictions. the leverj team and future. the event that the nature the blockchain our advisors are aggressively pursuing strategies changes dramatically for example due high con- bring the benefits the platform the global trad- gestion, change proof work, network splits, ing community expeditiously. this includes obtain- attack any other unpredictable event, the plat- ing securities licenses required law. form's stability and our ability deliver features described here may negatively impacted. legal implications token launches lev/fee tokens (henceforth "tokens") are functional utility tokens within the leverj platform. tokens