leviar platform white paper table contents introduction methodology advertising mining mining/ads with leviar platform drive-by mining our approach, the differences revenue system platform tokens total supply technical informations road map conclusions introduction the leviar platform new platform designed leviar. set the goal changing the way which companies and developers make money from their web and mobile applications. today are used see advertisements all forms while surf the web and use free applications. this white paper study for project made libraries and scripts (android, ios, javascript) that allow developers easily integrate mining system into their software. this study, also want explore the forms revenue developers (freemium applications) and what means for users view advertising banners and videos while using free applications and websites. methodology during our research studied the current world advertising and mining. advertising allows advertisers and publishers find meeting point through centralized platforms managed third-party agencies. publishers get revenues through the meeting point between supply and demand with advertisers. have studied their earnings and the users' feelings during the use the final product. mining allows miners maintain decentralization blockchain and get rewards for each block that found. usually this operation has onerous expenditure terms energy and management the necessary infrastructure (mining farm). have studied the impact these operations and the associated costs start with this practice. advertising advertising mean communication with users who use product service. these direct messages users expect price paid for view interaction from the user. date, the distribution channels advertising forms are the most disparate: television, press, radio, direct sales, mail, contests, clothes and many others, including internet. although advertising fairly general term, will focus the internet channel. growth online advertising over the years can see from this chart, from year year the internet being saturated advertising forms. mining [an extract from bitcoin wiki] mining the process adding transaction records bitcoin's public ledger past transactions (and "mining rig" colloquial metaphor for single computer system that performs the necessary computations for "mining". this ledger past transactions called the block chain chain blocks. the blockchain serves confirm transactions the rest the network having taken place. bitcoin nodes use the blockchain distinguish legitimate bitcoin transactions from attempts re-spend coins that have already been spent elsewhere. mining pools began when the difficulty for mining increased the point where could take lot time for slower miners generate block. mining pool the pooling resources miners, who share their processing power over network, split the reward equally, according the amount work they contributed the probability finding block. mining/ads with leviar platform the integration leviar platform for developers very simple and consists libraries (javascript, android, ios). once integrated into the application, the very first open, the library will show the users popup that allows them decide whether display advertisements start the mining process. the early stages, the project will rely third party pools. second phase, native scripts will created the mining our proprietary software and consequently the revenue will increase. the estimated speed mining obtained through our tests varied between h/s and h/s depending the device used, without using all the cores available and maximum speed per core cases where the user chooses "enjoy" the application with banner ads, the experience will the same the current one. the computing power for mining not used. agreements through third-party networks will allow faster start the dual mode the platform. mentioned mining pools, because leviar platform will act exactly like pool. all users who choose mining place display advertisements will start mining the same mining pool, increase computing power and make the platform's large machines find many blocks possible. read the revenue system sections better understand how this helps optimize earnings. every "transaction" made leviar platform recorded the ethereum blockchain and the whole system will decentralised possible thanks open source nodes. plus, using erc token (leviar platform tokens), exchangeable the platform with xlc coins the rate users and advertisers can buy additional services and receive their earnings with lower fee. drive-by mining extract from malware-bytes white paper "drive-by download" term often used describe web-based threats when computer becomes infected simply visiting website, without any other interaction required. their heyday, exploit kits ruled the world drive-by downloads and were feared many, especially they sometimes used zero-day vulnerabilities that caught software vendors surprise, allowing them infect even the most up-to-date systems. but exploit kit activity dwindled, malware authors moved other distribution methods, which meant using more social engineering tricks. source: mcafee blogs unlike drive-by downloads that push malware, driveby mining focuses utilizing the processing power visitors' computers mine cryptocurrency. while both are automatic and silent processes, the early implementation the coinhive api allowed for abuse running the code full throttle, therefore maxing out the users' cpu. geo-location clients who accessed mining websites. source zscaler.com our approach the differences the difference our approach that although the integration the leviar platform simple for developers, end users will left with the final decision view advertisements take advantage small portion the device's resources and enjoy the product for free, such had bought it. this way, the user gets two benefits: use the application website without advertising banners/videos avoid being profiled through cookies other forms profiling furthermore, thanks our domain application ownership verification system, will have the certainty that our miner cannot injected into systems that not have full control and therefore cannot exploited malware. the main challenge this concept (mining devices) technical, hitting the right balance for the right amount power dedicated mining the user's device allow the user good experience and earn enough cryptocurrency make profitable for the publisher. the second challenge conceive mining challenge that mobile friendly and asic resistant, power consumption and heating are the most problematic side effect mobile mining. developers could monetize their application using leviar mining sdk. the mining code will embedded into the application and run natively mobile apps and into the browser the case web apps. the user opt-out the mining experience will automatically accepting the displaying ads the app. those ads will pulled from leviar's advertising network partners and system will advised figure the payment structure between the network and developer without creating another middleman. revenue system there are two different types earnings: earnings from the display advertising banners and video advertising the app. earnings from mining its users. usually media company shares with its customers figure that varies between their earnings from advertisers. the fee applied the leviar platform extremely low, the customer will earn the price paid the advertisers and the total obtained through the mining operations. since the earnings can collected btc and eth, small fee will applied (to decided yet) for each withdrawal. because this, thought system remove this additional fee, using leviar platform tokens the ethereum network. result, only the network fee (mandatory for each transaction) will applied. platform tokens total supply december snapshot the current leviar blockchain will done. the total supply the new platform tokens will calculated the time snapshot. blocks generated after the total supply calculated will not considered valid for the conversion xlc leviar platform tokens. technical informations the platform for integration and management developed with the latest web technologies, ensuring high level security. part the backend will managed directly the blockchain, order decentralize all the exchange operations. using metamask wallet, will possible conclude transactions very simple way. piece information relating users and their payment status made private and saved with end-to-end encryption relational database. the mining side, will make all the libraries that interface with our miner opensource. the moment the technical part concerning the miner remains general, functions will implemented mine different blockchains and due its closed-source component. the miner will the fundamental part that will make the libraries work. will provide clients with the problem solve find the block. each client will work part the problem and send its response the servers, which will try find the block. basically the miner will work exactly like pool. the client that finds block reported the platform, which once day will determine how many blocks have been found each "developer app" and decide how much leviar platform token distribute. roadmap november testnet smart contract release december mainnet smart contract release xlc leviar platform token exchange available platform website xlc platform tokens transition start leviar platform listing exchanges pre-subscriptions open for developers library open beta for developers june xlc platform tokens transition end proprietary pool mining script android/ios library new library stable launch conclusions our core business free the internet and our smartphones from wild advertising our development methods will allow developers choose. addition advertising, they will able make money through sustainable mining system. not harming devices, the mining process will not harm devices. the very nature library development will make possible avoid damaging the devices, the computing power will balanced. will not excessive and will not slow down the devices. throttling system will ensure that the library will never use all available and used cores, they will not used thank you connect with us: official website: https://leviar.io documentation: https://docs.leviar.io/ medium: https://medium.com/@leviarcoin_fdn discord: https://discord.gg/rdqzqk twitter: https://twitter.com/leviarcoin_fdn facebook: https://www.facebook.com/leviarcoin- official news channel: https://t.me/leviarofficialnews official english telegram: https://t.me/leviarcoinofficial russia telegram: https://t.me/leviarofficialru spanish telegram: https://t.me/leviarofficialspa mining telegram: https://t.me/leviarminingofficial