introduction libra white paper from the libra association members libra's mission enable simple global currency and financial infrastructure that empowers billions people. this document outlines our plans for new decentralized blockchain, low-volatility cryptocurrency, and smart contract platform that together aim create new opportunity for responsible financial services innovation. problem statement the advent the internet and mobile broadband has empowered billions people globally have access the world's knowledge and information, high-fidelity communications, and wide range lower-cost, more convenient services. these services are now accessible using smartphone from almost anywhere the world. this connectivity has driven economic empowerment enabling more people access the financial ecosystem. working together, technology companies and financial institutions have also found solutions help increase economic empowerment around the world. despite this progress, large swaths the world's population are still left behind billion adults globally remain outside the financial system with access traditional bank, even though one billion have mobile phone and nearly half billion have internet access. for too many, parts the financial system look like telecommunication networks pre-internet. twenty years ago, the average price send text message europe was cents per message. now everyone with smartphone can communicate across the world for free with basic data plan. back then, telecommunications prices were high but uniform, whereas today, access financial services limited restricted for those who need most those impacted cost, reliability, and the ability seamlessly send money. all over the world, people with less money pay more for financial services. hard-earned income eroded fees, from remittances and wire costs overdraft and atm charges. payday loans can charge annualized interest rates percent more, and finance charges can high just borrow when people are asked why they remain the fringe the existing financial system, those who remain "unbanked" point not having sufficient funds, high and unpredictable fees, banks being too far away, and lacking the necessary documentation. blockchains and cryptocurrencies have number unique properties that can potentially address some the problems accessibility and trustworthiness. these include distributed governance, which ensures that single entity controls the network; open access, which allows anybody with internet connection participate; and security through cryptography, which protects the integrity funds. but the existing blockchain systems have yet reach mainstream adoption. mass-market usage existing blockchains and cryptocurrencies has been hindered their volatility and lack scalability, which have, far, made them poor stores value and mediums exchange. some projects have also aimed disrupt the existing system and bypass regulation opposed innovating compliance and regulatory fronts improve the effectiveness anti-money laundering. believe that collaborating and innovating with the financial sector, including regulators and experts across variety industries, the only way ensure that sustainable, secure, and trusted framework underpins this new system. and this approach can deliver giant leap forward toward lower-cost, more accessible, and more connected global financial system. the opportunity embark this journey together, think important share our beliefs align the community and ecosystem intend spark around this initiative: believe that many more people should have access financial services and cheap capital. believe that people have inherent right control the fruit their legal labor. believe that global, open, instant, and low-cost movement money will create immense economic opportunity and more commerce across the world. believe that people will increasingly trust decentralized forms governance. believe that global currency and financial infrastructure should designed and governed public good. believe that all have responsibility help advance financial inclusion, support ethical actors, and continuously uphold the integrity the ecosystem. introducing libra the world truly needs reliable digital currency and infrastructure that together can deliver the promise "the internet money." securing your financial assets your mobile device should simple and intuitive. moving money around globally should easy and cost-effective and even more safe and secure than sending text message sharing photo, matter where you live, what you do, how much you earn. new product innovation and additional entrants the ecosystem will enable the lowering barriers access and cost capital for everyone and facilitate frictionless payments for more people. now the time create new kind digital currency built the foundation blockchain technology. the mission for libra simple global currency and financial infrastructure that empowers billions people. libra made three parts that will work together create more inclusive financial system: built secure, scalable, and reliable blockchain; backed reserve assets designed give intrinsic value; governed the independent libra association tasked with evolving the ecosystem. the libra currency built the "libra blockchain." because intended address global audience, the software that implements the libra blockchain open source designed that anyone can build it, and billions people can depend for their financial needs. imagine open, interoperable ecosystem financial services that developers and organizations will build help people and businesses hold and transfer libra for everyday use. with the proliferation smartphones and wireless data, increasingly more people will online and able access libra through these new services. enable the libra ecosystem achieve this vision over time, the blockchain has been built from the ground prioritize scalability, security, efficiency storage and throughput, and future adaptability. keep reading for overview the libra blockchain, read the technical paper. the unit currency called "libra." libra will need accepted many places and easy access for those who want use it. other words, people need have confidence that they can use libra and that its value will remain relatively stable over time. unlike the majority cryptocurrencies, libra fully backed reserve real assets. basket bank deposits and short-term government securities will held the libra reserve for every libra that created, building trust its intrinsic value. the libra reserve will administered with the objective preserving the value libra over time. keep reading for overview libra and the reserve, read more here. the libra association independent, not-for-profit membership organization headquartered geneva, switzerland. the association's purpose coordinate and provide framework for governance for the network and reserve and lead social impact grant-making support financial inclusion. this white paper reflection its mission, vision, and purview. the association's membership formed from the network validator nodes that operate the libra blockchain. members the libra association will consist geographically distributed and diverse businesses, nonprofit and multilateral organizations, and academic institutions. the initial group organizations that will work together finalizing the association's charter and become "founding members" upon its completion are, industry: payments: mastercard, paypal, payu (naspers' fintech arm), stripe, visa technology and marketplaces: booking holdings, ebay, facebook/calibra, farfetch, lyft, mercado pago, spotify ab, uber technologies, inc. telecommunications: iliad, vodafone group blockchain: anchorage, bison trails, coinbase, inc., xapo holdings limited venture capital: andreessen horowitz, breakthrough initiatives, ribbit capital, thrive capital, union square ventures nonprofit and multilateral organizations, and academic institutions: creative destruction lab, kiva, mercy corps, women's world banking hope have approximately members the libra association the target launch the first half facebook teams played key role the creation the libra association and the libra blockchain, working with the other founding members. while final decision-making authority rests with the association, facebook expected maintain leadership role through facebook created calibra, regulated subsidiary, ensure separation between social and financial data and build and operate services its behalf top the libra network. once the libra network launches, facebook, and its affiliates, will have the same commitments, privileges, and financial obligations any other founding member. one member among many, facebook's role governance the association will equal that its peers. blockchains are described either permissioned permissionless relation the ability participate validator node. "permissioned blockchain," access granted run validator node. "permissionless blockchain," anyone who meets the technical requirements can run validator node. that sense, libra will start permissioned blockchain. ensure that libra truly open and always operates the best interest its users, our ambition for the libra network become permissionless. the challenge that today not believe that there proven solution that can deliver the scale, stability, and security needed support billions people and transactions across the globe through permissionless network. one the association's directives will work with the community research and implement this transition, which will begin within five years the public launch the libra blockchain and ecosystem. essential the spirit libra, both its permissioned and permissionless state, the libra blockchain will open everyone: any consumer, developer, business can use the libra network, build products top it, and add value through their services. open access ensures low barriers entry and innovation and encourages healthy competition that benefits consumers. this foundational the goal building more inclusive financial options for the world. the libra blockchain the goal the libra blockchain serve solid foundation for financial services, including new global currency, which could meet the daily financial needs billions people. through the process evaluating existing options, decided build new blockchain based these three requirements: able scale billions accounts, which requires high transaction throughput, low latency, and efficient, high-capacity storage system. highly secure, ensure safety funds and financial data. flexible, can power the libra ecosystem's governance well future innovation financial services. the libra blockchain designed from the ground holistically address these requirements and build the learnings from existing projects and research combination innovative approaches and wellunderstood techniques. this next section will highlight three decisions regarding the libra blockchain: designing and using the move programming language. using byzantine fault tolerant (bft) consensus approach. adopting and iterating widely adopted blockchain data structures. "move" new programming language for implementing custom transaction logic and "smart contracts" the libra blockchain. because libra's goal one day serve billions people, move designed with safety and security the highest priorities. move takes insights from security incidents that have happened with smart contracts date and creates language that makes inherently easier write code that fulfills the author's intent, thereby lessening the risk unintended bugs security incidents. specifically, move designed prevent assets from being cloned. enables "resource types" that constrain digital assets the same properties physical assets: resource has single owner, can only spent once, and the creation new resources restricted. the move language also facilitates automatic proofs that transactions satisfy certain properties, such payment transactions only changing the account balances the payer and receiver. prioritizing these features, move will help keep the libra blockchain secure. making the development critical transaction code easier, move enables the secure implementation the libra ecosystem's governance policies, such the management the libra currency and the network validator nodes. move will accelerate the evolution the libra blockchain protocol and any financial innovations built top it. anticipate that the ability for developers create contracts will opened over time order support the evolution and validation move. facilitate agreement among all validator nodes the transactions executed and the order which they are executed, the libra blockchain adopted the bft approach using the librabft consensus protocol. this approach builds trust the network because bft consensus protocols are designed function correctly even some validator nodes one-third the network are compromised fail. this class consensus protocols also enables high transaction throughput, low latency, and more energy-efficient approach consensus than "proof work" used some other blockchains. order securely store transactions, data the libra blockchain protected merkle trees, data structure used other blockchains that enables the detection any changes existing data. unlike previous blockchains, which view the blockchain collection blocks transactions, the libra blockchain single data structure that records the history transactions and states over time. this implementation simplifies the work applications accessing the blockchain, allowing them read any data from any point time and verify the integrity that data using unified framework. the libra blockchain pseudonymous and allows users hold one more addresses that are not linked their real-world identity. this approach familiar many users, developers, and regulators. the libra association will oversee the evolution the libra blockchain protocol and network, and will continue evaluate new techniques that enhance privacy the blockchain while considering concerns practicality, scalability, and regulatory impact. for more details, read the technical paper the libra blockchain. detailed information also available the move programming language and the librabft consensus protocol. we've open sourced early preview the libra testnet, with accompanying documentation. the testnet still under development, and apis are subject change. our commitment work the open with the community and hope you will read, build, and provide feedback. the libra currency and reserve believe that the world needs global, digitally native currency that brings together the attributes the world's best currencies: stability, low inflation, wide global acceptance, and fungibility. the libra currency designed help with these global needs, aiming expand how money works for more people around the world. libra designed stable digital cryptocurrency that will fully backed reserve real assets the libra reserve and supported competitive network exchanges buying and selling libra. that means anyone with libra has high degree assurance they can convert their digital currency into local fiat currency based exchange rate, just like exchanging one currency for another when traveling. this approach similar how other currencies were introduced the past: help instill trust new currency and gain widespread adoption during its infancy, was guaranteed that country's notes could traded for real assets, such gold. instead backing libra with gold, though, will backed collection low-volatility assets, such bank deposits and short-term government securities currencies from stable and reputable central banks. important highlight that this means one libra will not always able convert into the same amount given local currency (i.e., libra not "peg" single currency). rather, the value the underlying assets moves, the value one libra any local currency may fluctuate. however, the reserve assets are being chosen minimize volatility, holders libra can trust the currency's ability preserve value over time. the assets the libra reserve will held geographically distributed network custodians with investment-grade credit rating provide both security and decentralization the assets. the assets behind libra are the major difference between and many existing cryptocurrencies that lack such intrinsic value and hence have prices that fluctuate significantly based expectations. libra indeed cryptocurrency, though, and virtue that, inherits several attractive properties these new digital currencies: the ability send money quickly, the security cryptography, and the freedom easily transmit funds across borders. just people can use their phones message friends anywhere the world today, with libra, the same can done with money instantly, securely, and low cost. interest the reserve assets will used cover the costs the system, ensure low transaction fees, pay dividends investors who provided capital jumpstart the ecosystem (read "the libra association" here), and support further growth and adoption. the rules for allocating interest the reserve will set advance and will overseen the libra association. users libra not receive return from the reserve. for more the reserve policy and the details the libra currency, please read here. the libra association make the mission libra reality simple global currency and financial infrastructure that empowers billions people the libra blockchain and libra reserve need governing entity that comprised diverse and independent members. this governing entity the libra association, independent, not-for-profit membership organization, headquartered geneva, switzerland. switzerland has history global neutrality and openness blockchain technology, and the association strives neutral, international institution, hence the choice registered there. the association designed facilitate the operation the libra blockchain; coordinate the agreement among its stakeholders the network's validator nodes their pursuit promote, develop, and expand the network, and manage the reserve. the association governed the libra association council, which comprised one representative per validator node. together, they make decisions the governance the network and reserve. initially, this group consists the founding members: businesses, nonprofit and multilateral organizations, and academic institutions from around the world. all decisions are brought the council, and major policy technical decisions require the consent two-thirds the votes, the same supermajority the network required the bft consensus protocol. through the association, the validator nodes align the network's technical roadmap and development goals. that sense, similar other not-for-profit entities, often the form foundations, which govern open-source projects. libra relies growing distributed community open-source contributors further itself, the association necessary vehicle establish guidance which protocols specifications develop and adopt. the libra association also serves the entity through which the libra reserve managed, and hence the stability and growth the libra economy are achieved. the association the only party able create (mint) and destroy (burn) libra. coins are only minted when authorized resellers have purchased those coins from the association with fiat assets fully back the new coins. coins are only burned when the authorized resellers sell libra coin the association exchange for the underlying assets. since authorized resellers will always able sell libra coins the reserve price equal the value the basket, the libra reserve acts "buyer last resort." these activities the association are governed and constrained reserve management policy that can only changed supermajority the association members. these early years the network, there are additional roles that need performed behalf the association: the recruitment founding members serve validator nodes; the fundraising jumpstart the ecosystem; the design and implementation incentive programs propel the adoption libra, including the distribution such incentives founding members; and the establishment the association's social impact grant-making program. additional goal the association develop and promote open identity standard. believe that decentralized and portable digital identity prerequisite financial inclusion and competition. important objective the libra association move toward increasing decentralization over time. this decentralization ensures that there are low barriers entry for both building and using the network and improves the libra ecosystem's resilience over the long term. discussed above, the association will develop path toward permissionless governance and consensus the libra network. the association's objective will start this transition within five years, and doing will gradually reduce the reliance the founding members. the same spirit, the association aspires minimize the reliance itself the administrator the libra reserve. for more the libra association, please read here. what's next for libra? today are publishing this document outlining our goals for libra and launching libra.org home for the association and all things libra. will continue updated over the coming months. are also opensourcing the code for the libra blockchain and launching libra's initial testnet for developers experiment with and build upon. there much left before the target launch the first half the libra blockchain: over the coming months, the association will work with the community gather feedback the libra blockchain prototype and bring production-ready state. particular, this work will focus ensuring the security, performance, and scalability the protocol and implementation. the libra association will construct well-documented apis and libraries enable users interact with the libra blockchain. the libra association will create framework for the collaborative development the technology behind the libra blockchain using the open-source methodology. procedures will created for discussing and reviewing changes the protocol and software that support the blockchain. the association will perform extensive testing the blockchain, which range from tests the protocol constructing full-scale test the network collaboration with entities such wallet services and exchanges ensure the system working before launch. the association will work foster the development the move language and determine path for third parties create smart contracts once language development has stabilized after the launch the libra ecosystem. together with the community, the association will research the technological challenges the path permissionless ecosystem that can meet the objective begin the transition within five years the launch. the reserve: the association will work establish geographically distributed and regulated group global institutional custodians for the reserve. the association will establish operational procedures for the reserve interact with authorized resellers and ensure high-transparency and auditability. the association will establish policies and procedures that establish how the association can change the composition the reserve basket. the libra association: will work grow the libra association council around geographically distributed and diverse members, all serving the initial validator nodes the libra blockchain. the association will develop and adopt comprehensive charter and set bylaws for the association the basis the currently proposed governance structure. will recruit managing director for the association and work with her/him continue hiring for the association's executive team. will identify social impact partners aligned with our joint mission and will work with them establish social impact advisory board and social impact program. how get involved the association envisions vibrant ecosystem developers building apps and services spur the global use libra. the association defines success enabling any person business globally have fair, affordable, and instant access their money. for example, success will mean that person working abroad has fast and simple way send money family back home, and college student can pay their rent easily they can buy coffee. our journey just beginning, and are asking the community help. you believe what libra could for billions people around the world, share your perspective and join in. your feedback needed make financial inclusion reality for people everywhere. you are researcher protocol developer, early preview the libra testnet available under the apache open source license, with accompanying documentation. this just the start the process, and the testnet still early prototype under development, but you can read, build, and provide feedback right away. since the current focus stabilizing the prototype, the project may initially slower take community contributions. however, are committed building community-oriented development process and opening the platform developers starting with pull requests soon possible. you want learn about the libra association, read more here. your organization interested becoming founding member applying for social impact grants from the libra association, read more here. the association will work with the global community the coming months and continue partner with policymakers worldwide further the mission. conclusion this the goal for libra: stable currency built secure and stable open-source blockchain, backed reserve real assets, and governed independent association. our hope create more access better, cheaper, and open financial services matter who you are, where you live, what you do, how much you have. recognize that the road delivering this will long, arduous, and won't achieved isolation will take coming together and forming real movement around this pursuit. hope you'll join and help turn this dream into reality for billions people around the world. best buy. "at&t prepaid alcatel cameox device purchase." bestbuy.com. available: https://www.bestbuy.com/site/at-t-prepaid-alcatel-cameox-g-lte-withgb-memory-cell-phone-arctic-white/.p?skuid= (accessed: may demirguc-kunt, klapper, singer, ansar, and hess. the global findex database measuring financial inclusion and the fintech revolution. world bank group, accessed: may globalfindex.worldbank.org. [online]. available: https://globalfindex.worldbank.org/sites/globalfindex/ files/-/%findex%full%report_.pdf oecd. mobile phones: pricing structures and trends. paris, france: oecd publishing, [online]. available: https://books.google.com/books?id=pcpm_gbeoc&pg=pa&lpg=pa&dq=+price+sms+europe&source=bl&ots=tibwgzwcmj&sig=acfuuz_yrawxwqvsvo_whctrupoqoa&hl=en&sa=x&ved=ahukewjomegtmhiahvvfzqihuebemqaewdoecakqaq#v=onepage&q=sms&f=false consumer federation america. "how payday loans work." payday loan consumer information. available: https://paydayloaninfo.org/facts (accessed: may demirguc-kunt, klapper, singer, ansar, and hess. the global findex database measuring financial inclusion and the fintech revolution. world bank group, accessed: may globalfindex.worldbank.org. [online]. available: https://globalfindex.worldbank.org/sites/globalfindex/ files/-/%findex%full%report_.pdf