light pay coin the future here with contactless payment technology the light pay coin team lightpaycoin.org october version table contents introduction ................................................................................................... usage light pay coin ..................................................................................... blockchain technology overview .......................................................................... proof-of-stake ............................................................................................... masternodes................................................................................................... obfuscation ................................................................................................... swifttx ........................................................................................................ roadmap ..................................................................................................... reward diagram ............................................................................................ conclusion ................................................................................................... light pay coin project team and contact information ............................................... appendix r&d partnership overview with the university central florida .................. appendix legal opinion status light pay coin security .............................. page introduction first and foremost, thank you for taking the time read the documentation light pay coin (lpc). our international team has given lots effort building this open-source, cryptocurrency project. are pleased provide this overview. because the everchanging landscape the cryptocurrency industry, this paper living document that will updated from time time needed. however, doing so, will attempt maintain the original objectives this project. lpc next-generation, hybrid cryptocurrency based proof-of-stake (pos) mining and masternodes. this project fork the open-source project pivx (which ultimately fork the open-source project, bitcoin) and leverages the innovations previous generations cryptocurrencies. lpc distributed within two-tier, hybrid network for securing the blockchain (a) confirming transactions, (b) ensuring the privacy transactions, and (c) facilitating instant transactions. other masternode networks, owners lpc are compensated the network through dynamic allocation rewards based upon lpc owner contributions the network confirmation nodes and masternodes. this incentive structure encourages lpc owners utilize the digital currency for securing the lpc payment network; this conceivably more profitable than selling the cryptocurrency the open market. addition securing the network, the primary mission the lpc project create easy-to-use contactless payment system for peer-to-peer, retail, and government transactions worldwide. creating the next generation user-friendly wallets, point sale devices, and automatic teller machines (atms), the lpc network will facilitate mass adoption this innovative financial technology. long-term goal this project position the digital currency lpc medium exchange, store value, and unit account, ultimately satisfying the defining characteristics money this digital age. this process natural evolution internet technology which cryptocurrencies will disrupt the financial industry (based page paper fiat currency) similar way the digital transformation the early internet disrupted the traditional paper publishing industry. usage light pay coin creating light pay coin (lpc), made cryptocurrency that would allow for the safe and secure storage lpc cryptographic, digital wallet. moreover, have developed financial model that would generate income for lpc owners while utilizing lpc itself for the security the lpc blockchain. have also inherited, through selected fork pivx, the ability provide for near instant payments through swifttx. this allows lpc owners the ability transfer lpc within seconds across global network masternodes. this makes lpc ideal for worldwide cashless payments through contactless, point sale devices. address the issue previous first-generation cryptocurrencies, the network provides the owner the option ensure fungibility lpc through the inherited functionality pivx's zerocoin protocol. one our main goals design, develop, and supply user-friendly point sale devices, atms that utilize mobile phone near field communication (nfc) technology, and easy use wallets. will build the next generations automatic teller machines (atms) for exchanging from one cryptocurrency any other cryptocurrency and from one cryptocurrency any government fiat currency. lpc will the first cryptocurrency the point sale and atm payment network. this will allow for mass adoption lpc worldwide for both regular consumers and businesses pay for goods and services. thus, lpc will make easier and safer than traditional payment solutions, which are susceptible billions dollars fraud each year. page blockchain technology overview for those who are new the cryptocurrency industry, blockchain way storing data digital record transactions. this record immutable and cannot changed. digital records are combined into blocks and then these blocks are cryptographically and chronologically linked together "chain" using complex mathematical algorithms. each block linked with the previous block and contains complete set all records that came before it. new blocks are always added the end the chain. computers running the same network perform the encryption process known hashing. when all computers the network complete their calculations and receive the same result, confirmation made. then the block given unique digital signature. this block then added the digital register, which updated across all computers the network. once this complete, the block cannot altered, and virtually impossible fake change once added the blockchain. only new entries data can added subsequent blocks. this makes impossible hack the network each computer the network would need hacked simultaneously. with traditional relational database systems, data can created, read, updated, and deleted (i.e., crud). with respect blockchain database, data can only created, read, appended, and burned (crab). this what distinguishes traditional databases from blockchain-based databases. moreover, traditional databases are usually centralized. however, blockchain databases are decentralized and can distributed global scale, which ensures that the network always available. this technology also allows the potential store personal data securely the hashing process irreversible. malicious actor attempts change the registry, will not match the registries held other computers. this builds consensus within the network the longest chain the network the one that used and results any altered registries any other shorter chains the network being disregarded. page proof-of-stake the heart the proof-of-stake algorithm the storage all the operations the lpc wallet with the distributed database. synchronization the wallet nodes lpc running proof-of-stake carried out through the peer-to-peer network, pp. thanks proof-ofstake, possible implement cryptocurrency with high security conditions avoid hacker attacks and fraudulent actions. moreover, more efficient and environmentally friendlier than proof-of-work, which utilizes lots energy with application specific integrated circuit (asic) machines. the system using the proof-of-stake method based the principles decentralized management the absence single controlling authority, which does not allow malicious actor know exactly which version the block valid. simple terms, the definition the principle the proof-of-stake algorithm can given follows: the more lpc possessed wallet, the more credibility that wallet node will given the permissionless network. thus, the wallet will likely receive block reward because the relative weight that wallet contributes the protection the network. the amount time wallet participates protecting the network also factor. from security standpoint, proof-ofstake not only mining, but the wallet also stakes the lpc amount ensure against the validity the transactions placed blocks. having wallet with large amount lpc and staking that amount, this decreases the probability that the owner the wallet acting malicious manner harm the network. thus, wallets with high lpc amounts are given greater preference confirming transactions than wallets with smaller lpc amounts. lpc wallet node serves the first layer the hybrid cryptocurrency network confirming transactions the blockchain, selecting network masternode for instant transactions, and creating the next block for storing future transactions. discussion the second layer lpc network described next. page masternodes masternodes play important part the lpc network. masternode network the second layer the lpc network that donates processing power confirm transactions instantly utilizing the swifttx technology inherited from pivx. masternode then receives reward for the work performed one reward per block every seconds. these rewards are directly paid lpc wallet that linked the masternode. using masternodes also ensures the stability and security the entire network. these nodes serve special purpose within the network mix various transaction amounts increase fungibility and anonymity transactions. this done the process obfuscation, which also inherited through the open source pivx codebase. page obfuscation the lpc network has focus the anonymity payments through the implementation pivx's zerocoin protocol. this provides level privacy mixing various amounts lpc within the masternode network. this protocol consumes sent funds through special algorithm and goes through several iterations, thus providing high level anonymity. the implementation the preliminary algorithm makes the transactions completely unknown everyone except the sender and the receiver funds. this makes attacks the network increasingly difficult. here brief description how the technology works: user determines through the wallet the depth anonymization and the amount funds s/he wishes send. the wallet then "shreds" the transaction into predetermined smaller amounts. these smaller amounts are then sent across the masternode network and intermixed with other users' coin transactions also being anonymized, using the master registry for coordination. these coins are not processed but will mixed again with another round transactions, depending how many mixes the lpc user has selected. the maximum amount mixes the wallet can generate eight; however, lpc can mixed again following the same procedure. these mixed coins will show separate balance sheet for the anonymous payment made. page swifttx lpc uses swifttx technology, which allows users conduct transaction without waiting for traditional confirmations the blockchain. the technology uses network second-level master logs, which detects transactions marked "swifttx". these master logs then lock the transaction input and sends confirmed transaction message the network. result, the transaction takes about seconds, while ensuring that double spending can occur. after sending confirmation message, the transaction recorded the network, usual. this means that lpc can compete with the ease, convenience, and speed traditional debit credit card payments today. page roadmap the following the roadmap for and updated sept italicized and shaded cells represent completed milestones. stage stage stage project inception and team formation private presentation high network individuals marketing campaign recruiting core team members shipping company presented lpc workflow coin sale initial whitepaper release platform code optimized road show official website launch customer development lpc network launch stage stage stage block explorer launch lpc squad reward for discord members masternode services listing partnership. wallet release for windows, linux, and ios shared masternode services partnerships extend market campaign presale r&d partnership announcements local store partnerships nov masternodes.online listing rewards program for investors development (alpha) testing point devices atm dec bounty launch companies confirmed intention integrate development (beta) testing point sale devices atm feb cryptobridge listing website improvement oct' launch point sale atm devices apr coinexchange.io listing july launch atms sep cryptopia exchange listing august community voting for future development sep page reward diagram listed below the block reward distribution table for lpc masternode owners and nonmasternode owners, whom have their wallets open for staking. with each block different node randomly selected and rewarded. the 'minted' block rewards are distributed sliding percentage scale between masternode owners and staked owners create fair distribution coins. masternode reward staking reward reward (coins) phase block range reward per block page continued phase block range reward per block masternode reward staking reward reward (coins) page conclusion the lpc team prepared this document provide brief overview about cryptocurrencies general and lpc particular. discussed our primary goal creating the next generation user-friendly wallets, point sale devices, and contactless atm machines for worldwide use. from technology perspective, evidence supports the view that proof-of-stake/masternode technology not only secure, but also environmentally friendly and more efficient that proof-of-work consensus models. lpc based next-generation technology such swifttx, zerocoin protocol, proof-of-stake and second-layer masternodes inherited from proven, open-source technologies. the contribution lpc the cryptocurrency revolution usher user-friendly devices facilitate mass adoption. will this through combination first-of-a-kind partnerships and unique business models. long-term goal this project position the digital currency lpc medium exchange, store value, and unit account, ultimately satisfying the defining characteristics money this digital age. this process natural evolution internet technology which cryptocurrencies will disrupt the financial industry (based paper fiat currency) similar way the digital transformation the early internet disrupted the traditional paper publishing industry. page light pay coin project team and contact information email: lightpaycoin@xchainz.io phone number (usa): --- office address north dallas parkway, suite frisco, texas social media facebook: https://www.facebook.com/groups/lightpaycoin/ twitter: https://twitter.com/lightpaycoin discord chat: https://discord.gg/cpjqkmm page appendix r&d partnership overview with the university central florida light pay coin: research, development, commercialization project background light pay coin (lpc) next-generation, hybrid cryptocurrency utilizing twotier, open network involving proof-of-stake (pos) consensus and masternodes for specialized network functions (instant and/or private transactions). lpc designed medium exchange, store value, and unit account within emerging digital economy. lpc will use near field communication (nfc) payment technology transfer funds via mobile devices point sale terminals, other phones, and atms. lpc's goal become one the fastest and most convenient modes digital payment the world, revolutionizing the financial services industry. person's smartphone can replace one more bank cards and perform the functions both general communication device and payment platform for personal, business, government use. lpc partnership with the university central florida will assist conducting research and development activities support the commercialization the blockchainbased payment platform. this project will include several phases involving industrial organizational psychology, human factors psychology, computer science, and engineering. both students and professors will involved the development this next generation platform for digital assets. digital currency the first use case, followed other assets and credentials (e.g., transcripts, micro-credentials, certificates, and degrees). page goal the ultimate goal build and commercialize user friendly (a) cryptocurrency wallets, (b) point sale devices, and (c) contactless atm machines. this will allow for buying and selling lpc and other cryptographically secure digital assets using mobile devices with near field communication (nfc) technology. general approach there are several phases research, development, and commercialization activities that will implemented through series task orders. time allocation and human resource needs are determined project project basis, commencing the fall separate task orders will created involving the design, development, and integration user interfaces (ui). task orders will associated with the following: (a) software design wallets, point sale devices, and contactless atms (b) software development wallets point sale devices, and contactless atms (c) acceptance testing the and penetration testing entire software application. (d) hardware design point sale devices and contactless atms (e) hardware development point sale devices and contactless atm (f) hardware and software integration and prototyping (g) acceptance testing prototype (h) pilot testing florida lambda rail network (i) pilot test (beta) with customers for personal, business, and government use page appendix legal opinion status light pay coin security light pay coin legal opinion august ______________________________________________________________ the issue whether not light pay coin hybrid cryptocurrency can regulated considered security under federal and state laws. overview cryptocurrencies before reaching the point legally analyze light pay coin and its standing from legal perspective, essential provide the necessary information about cryptocurrencies establish road map for the analysis and explanation. cryptocurrency the digital phenomenon that has grown vastly over short period time our technological advanced society. one popular type cryptocurrency that well known bitcoin. cryptocurrency essence having currency, meaning items equivalent dollar bills, change something value, digital form rather than tangible form. cryptocurrency differentiates from dollar bills and change because not only not physical form, also eliminates the middle man, which would the financial institutions. instead having money held financial institutions, the transactions are more prioritized and between just the parties involved. although society today far advanced regarding technology, there has still been some concerns drawbacks when comes using cryptocurrency. addition the success cryptocurrency having instability, there are significant amount people that are skeptical utilizing cryptocurrency due the fact that the money digital rather than the hands the consumers. however, people use form cryptocurrency without realizing it. people use their credit cards and debit cards when they are engaging various transactions without touching the physical form their currency. the major difference, previously stated, that cryptocurrency operated through the form securely engaging technological transactions amongst just people and businesses rather than including the government and financial institutions. light pay coin light pay coin type cryptocurrency that has focus acting cryptocurrency does, addition eliminating the skepticism and concerns consumers regarding cryptocurrency. light pay coin has the intention acting hybrid, with the hopes providing proof sale and privatizing transactions within network. light pay coin has two main goals: heightening the speed pertaining verifying transaction and maintaining the confidentiality the transactions that are made. instead using involving financial page institutions, light pay coin will play the role the medium and allow consumers and business entities conduct transactions amongst each other using technology such mobile and smart devices. light pay coin intends serve another option when comes sending receiving payment for goods, services, business relations. light pay coin uses master nodes, technological wallets, ensure that those within the network are provided with daily return the holders the master nodes. light pay coin differentiates from the typical cryptocurrency surfacing society because has more real world utility rather than just being cryptocurrency that one may invest in. since its recent inception, light pay coin has mobile wallet application available google play and working developing application for the ios devices. further, there are already businesses that have expressed interest light pay coin use within their entities. light pay coin partnered with the university central florida, where several students are engaged substantial research needed ensure that the complexity and concerns cryptocurrency explored that light pay coin can successful and satisfy the needs everyday consumers worldwide. laws governing cryptocurrency while the use cryptocurrency currently seems unregulated form transactional occurrences, lawmakers are gradually working towards enacting laws that those utilizing cryptocurrency will have adhere to. last year, was decided and recorded investigative report the securities and exchange commission that the decentralized autonomous organization's tokens were securities. according the securities act security can defined as: any note, stock, treasury stock, bond, debenture, evidence indebtedness, certificate interest participation any profitsharing agreement, collateral-trust certificate, pre-organization certificate subscription, transferable share, investment contract, voting-trust certificate, certificate deposit for security, fractional undivided interest oil, gas, other mineral rights, any put, call, straddle, option, privilege any security, certificate deposit, group index securities (including any interest therein based the value thereof), any put, call, straddle, option, privilege entered into national securities exchange relating foreign currency, or, general, any interest instrument commonly known "security," any certificate interest participation in, temporary interim certificate for, page receipt for, guarantee of, warrant right subscribe purchase, any the foregoing. any cryptocurrency deemed security, shall monitored and subjected governmental regulation involvement. the leading test this determination the howey test cited initially the landmark case securities and exchange commission w.j. howey co. the case, the court determined whether the instrument was investment contract under the securities act the test established the case states the following: contract, transaction scheme whereby person invests his money common enterprise and led expect profits solely from the efforts the promoter third party[.]" pertaining cryptocurrency, the focus would the transaction itself rather than the item "instrument" used execute the transaction. addition this rule, while has not been defined the court, different circuits have established various ways define common enterprise for the purposes satisfying this element the howey test. the three approaches are the horizontal approach, the broad vertical approach, and the narrow vertical approach. the horizontal approach reasons that common enterprise exists when several investors pool funds together investment and establishes correlation profits for said investors. the broad vertical approach finds that common enterprise exists where the promoter's expertise determines the success the investor. lastly, the narrow vertical approach states that common enterprise exists correlation established between the success failure the promoter and the investor. state level, there are laws that have been adopted some states decide whether there security not. the name for these laws are the blue-sky laws. the test used determine whether there security the state level called the risk capital test. the test was first mentioned the silver hills country club sobieski case california. although the states have different requirements pertaining the details the test, the overarching u.s.c.a. b(a)() (west). securities and exchange commission w.j. howey co., u.s. (). mark alcser, the howey test: common ground for the common enterprise theory, u.c. davis rev. (listing the different approaches for the common enterprise element the howey test). id. id. id. page requirements are somewhat the same. essentially, the courts look "() the placing capital risk order receive benefit, and the absence control over management." light pay coin security? when applying the rule from the case light pay coin, can reasoned that light pay coin cryptocurrency not considered security. the interactions involving light pay coin have the option more than investment. light pay coin can used for instant exchanges rather than putting money into the cryptocurrency hopes reaping benefits from said financial input. differentiating from the howey test, investment not necessary when obtaining light pay coin and its purpose exceeds beyond mere investing similar that stocks. light pay coin can used transaction fact sent from one person another without any consideration from both parties. addition, light pay coin not necessarily used solely invest money into common enterprise. when applying all three approaches reference the common enterprise, light pay coin's purpose and function exceeds beyond pool funds consolidated together investors. two individuals business entities may transaction together; this does not involve investments pooled together demonstrate correlation equal consideration between the profits bargained for each side. the promoter's expertise does not matter transaction involving light pay coin. communication and conduct can occur without the inclusion outside parties. thus, the success one party involved transaction does not have rely anyone else. the success failure the promoter and investor not the sole focus when dealing with light pay coin. the cryptocurrency has one main purpose and use, which another option available persons and business entities looking use digital currency for transactional purposes. the result the transaction not dependent upon other factors, the transaction whole decentralized nature. further, light pay coin independent and self-serving; the investment exchange one party does not lead to, determine dictate the profits the other party. when analyzing the risk capital test, light pay coin still not considered security. when light pay coin used, risk does not always come into play for the capital order receive benefit profit. one could argue that this possible investor, but someone using light pay coin for day day transactions and financial activities, the categorization not the same. previously stated, light pay coin's purpose used for more than investment purposes; has the intentions used everyday exchange practices just dollar bills, change, anything else value. one may use light pay coin for exchange, ending the transaction there. the capital not risk, both parties receive the bargain for exchange. one may use light pay coin just transfer cryptocurrency from one person another. these circumstances, risk gamble not apparent. addition, the parties are control when using stuart cohn, securities covered under state law, sec. counseling for small emerging companies, (). page light pay coin. the parties have the power use the cryptocurrency however they desire, and not someone else how utilized. light pay coin decentralized and controlled the person obtaining and not another outside source form management. thus, would difficult find that light pay coin security when applying the risk capital test. conclusion based upon the purpose light pay coin and the test provided determine not security, light pay coin not security. there would difficulty establishing all the necessary requirements for such finding. therefore, can reasoned that the howey test not satisfied, and light pay coin not security the federal level. the state level, the determination light pay coin would depend the specifications the rules each state that has adopted the risk capital test. general standpoint, however, would reasoned that light pay coin still not considered security. for signed legal opinion, contact the light pay coin team page