likecoin: reinventing the like rewarding contents proof creativity white paper v.. likecoin foundation limited this work licensed under reative commons attribution-sharealike international license table contents value proposition realigning rewards and creativity elements the likecoin ecosystem creative content content creator service provider derivative work content adopter content source content origin original creator distributed content content distributor likecoin attribution protocol decentralised creative content library fingerprint and metadata hash metadata objects content footprint likecoin mining protocol likerank like button reinvented proof creativity like.co likecoin token token distribution token sale use proceeds likecoin foundation conclusion appendix roadmap appendix people independent directors team advisors early supporters value proposition likecoin aims reinvent the like realigning creativity and reward. enable attribution and cross-application collaboration creative contents. with reinvented like button and our unique likerank algorithm, trace content footprint and reward content creators roof creativity mechanism. realigning rewards and creativity the internet, rewards and creativity have been decoupled for long. this especially true for independent content creators and freelancers. the early days the internet, indies made money selling their works online. all technical aspects the internet are now dramatically improved, yet the revenue model not. fact, worse. content creators are not getting incomes but likes while some can take freelance projects and advertising jobs, such model rather indirect. likecoin protocol thus designed monetise creative contents directly, that creators can focus creating great contents rather than selling looking for business models. technology evolves, everyone with smartphone content creator some sort. particular, some photos taken smartphones may have quality and resolution high single-lens reflex cameras. the crowds freelance content creators and citizen journalists are huge and the market demand extremely high. once rewards and creativity are realigned, explosive potential will unlocked. elements the likecoin ecosystem ecosystem collaborated content creation involves various elements and stakeholders. their roles the likecoin ecosystem are defined with the following example, where alice takes a.jpg and upload apple.io bob writes b.txt banana.com carol adopts their work become c.doc cherry.net and finally, david shares a.jpg durian.org creative content digital photo, illustration, article, footage sound clip. contrast private data, creative content allows consumption other people under certain copyright terms, such creative commons. each creative content represented unique content fingerprint the likecoin ecosystem. our example, a.jpg b.txt and c.doc are creative contents content creator person who produces creative content alice bob and carol are all content creators service provider web native application supporting likecoin, incorporating the likecoin attribution protocol and/or the reinvented like button our example, apple.io banana.com cherry.net and urian.org are all ervice providers likecoin. derivative work adopt one more creative contents produced oneself other content creators the same another service provider generate new creative content c.doc derivative work content adopter the creator whom and the service provider which derivative work produced. carol ontent adopter content source the creative content which derivative work adopted from. content source itself may have its own ontent source a.jpg b.txt are ontent sources c.doc content origin creative content without content source other words, creative content which not derivative work a.jpg b.txt are ontent origin original creator the content creator whom and the service provider which content origin produced. alice are original creator distributed content without modification, use creative content produced another creator the same another ervice provider image durian.org distributed content content distributor the content creator whom and the service provider which distributed content used. david durian.org are content distributors the likecoin ecosystem, original creators and content adopters receive likecoin through proof creativity from the creators' pool out audiences' own wallets; from ontent adopters and from content distributors this profit sharing mechanism the key incentivise content creators and service providers adopt likecoin protocol. likecoin attribution protocol likecoin creates unique fingerprints for creative contents and traces footprints all derivative works along with content creator and service provider them. further than that, likecoin incentivises attribution and cross-application collaboration with proof creativity mechanism. likecoin technical stacks decentralised creative content library the cornerstone likecoin protocol global, decentralised and resilient creative content library ipfs. likecoin service provider plays one more roles among original creator, content adopter and content distributor. original creators curate creative contents and record the data blockchain for other content creators use. the content creator and the service provider both get likecoin incentive when content liked super-liked (see likecoin mining protocol two major original creators funded likecoin foundation will puttyimages open stock image dapp (decentralized application) and blogchain.md blogging dapp which records each post likecoin smart contract. example content adopter oice asset remixing storytelling editor, also funded likecoin foundation. content distributor, the other hand, displays plays the creative contents the likecoin ecosystem. some examples include famisu lifehack.org the initium and the stand news etc. each original creator and content adopter runs her own ipfs node and responsible for pinning all the files she curates from content creators they are not removed. since juan benet, ipfs white paper, https://ipfs.io/ipfs/qmrgsqmcxeagayrzndefqvulxokzrjalx/ipfs.draft.pdf worldwide ipfs nodes help one another distribute the contents, such decentralised creative content library also serves content distribution network, speeding access from locations unreachable internet backbone. service providers not have concerned about from which ipfs node users will retrieve the content. the library, each creative content addressable cryptographic hash rather than url. any changes the application layer such domain name, and directory structure induce change the content address since the hash depends only the content itself. the content address thus decoupled from the application where was created and where used, making consistent and future-proof. this prevents creative contents from being locked specific applications such facebook and instagram. such cryptographic hash called content fingerprint the likecoin protocol. example, let's say content creator alice has painted mage service provider apple.io and content creator bob has uploaded his photo mage service provider banana.com apple.io and banana.com are service provider for content creation and run their ipfs nodes. now, image image are stored and pinned ipfs, with fingerprints xaffdbdaedcefbebbdcacce and xfceafdebbeddedbdadeaecdf respectively, and can accessed through the ipfs gateway with their corresponding ipfs address qmxwsnkhbfahgmjsgbdevcbrpskfvrqpxrfasjdk and qmpslyzfeumscttmnknmgwetucjkdjqwvhefaemuh fingerprint and metadata hash the same time when image and image are stored ipfs, unique, one-to-one content fingerprint each file generated the sha- hash function. metadata the images are stored off-chain ipld object (see section metadata objects below) ipfs. only the metadata hash and the content fingerprint are written the ethereum blockchain with the private keys the service providers through likecoin smart contract. such two-tier architecture maximises speed and flexibility while minimising the gas needed write ethereum. continuing with our example, the content fingerprints and metadata hash image and image are written ethereum through the likecoin smart contract apple.io and anana.com respectively. the gas needed borned the service providers. metadata objects metadata are stored ipld objects, which are linked objects that can contain reference hash other ipld objects and build path across them. since ipld objects are stored ipfs, they are represented -to- hashes well. such feature used build content footprint every creative content, discussed the next section. three kinds ipld objects are defined the likecoin protocol following schema.org's imageobject schema. they are content metadata object service provider object and content creator object three which are all interconnected through hashes the objects. content metadata ipld object "creator", "datecreated", "description", "license", "likefingerprint", "likefootprint", "likeipfs", "likepreviousversion", "likeprovidershare", "provider", "type", "uploaddate" content creator ipld object "description", "email", "likeaddress", "likekeybase", "likeuport", "name", "type" service provider ipld object "description", "likeaddress", "name", "type", "url" our example, the metadata image and image are both stored ipfs content metadata objects which further refers the corresponding content creator objects and service provider objects the ipfs addresses the content metadata objects are zdpubjcltpnyatmedhvrpyshcxxxzvvgtnwxykaymp and zdpuayrdyytwwfelaxtmbumrghgvvmbamdyvrewqbqg respectively. content metadata object ontent creator object service provider object mage bob banana.com content footprint content fingerprint like the dna creative content, while content footprint like the family tree it. for every derivative work likecoin protocol, ipld references the content sources are recorded footprint array the metadata object. our example, when carol uses herry.net apply filter mage generate image this case, content metadata object image will include ipld reference point image bob and banana.com appending /likefootprint//link ipld url image ipld image can retrived. this how content footprint creative content can traced, that derivative works are pointed their content source(s). content footprint new creative content can only reference existing content fingerprints, that the content footprint relations form directed acyclic graph similar citation graph. this structure allows easy analysis inheritance tree particular creative content. also prevents the existence any reference loop the profit sharing process. now david content creator durian.org designs poster image adopting image and mage which itself derivative work image similar the previous case, ipld references the content sources, this case image and image are written the metadata metadata object image and since image has its content source written image image can also traced the level content source mage while there are various blockchain projects such po.et and kodakcoin which use technology similar content fingerprint keep track photo copyright, likecoin traces the derivative works content with this unique content footprint technology. content fingerprint static and tells who owns the content; while content footprint dynamic and traces how contents flow, from content creator another, from service provider another. content fingerprint about ownership; while content footprint about collaboration. think protecting content creators copyright noble task, but the mission likecoin instead help maximise creativity with reasonable rewards under permissive license such creative commons. content footprint forms the fundamental the likecoin mining mechanism, discussed the next section. po.et whitepaper, https://po.et/whitepaper.pdf kodakone and kodakcoin, https://www.kodak.com/kodakone/default.htm likecoin mining protocol likerank years ago, larry page and his classmates stanford published the now famous paper "the pagerank citation ranking: bringing order the web" which became the fundamental technology google search. inspired citation research paper, pagerank was revolutionary. the title the paper says, brings order the web. prior than pagerank, web searches almost always resulted web pages which did include the keyword, yet irrelevant. however, pagerank can only cover web pages but not creative contents such images, footage and music. know the importance web page which often includes various creative contents, but not the importance particular creative content. likerank designed address that. based content footprint tracing the likecoin protocol, likerank measures the importance, creativity define this context, creative content. general, the more derivative works creative content generates, the more creative the creative content is, and thus the higher likerank the content. likerank the quantifier the creativity contents. likerank proof concept page, lawrence and brin, sergey and motwani, rajeev and winograd, terry the pagerank citation ranking: bringing order the web one may easily see, such definition creativity encourage sharing and favour contents with more permissive, open license terms. for example, other conditions being equal, contents licensed under enjoys higher likerank than those licensed by-nc-nd. contrast, more restrictive license such all rights reserved copyright lowers likerank. also, with permissive license, more derivative works will generated, which helps boost likerank. likerank also used incentivise proper attribution through likecoin protocol. properly attributed creative content enjoys likerank bonus, while derivative work without following the attribution protocol will not receive likecoin, since the derivative work does not have content fingerprint and outside the likecoin ecosystem all together. that say, likecoin promote permissive license while the same time tailor make business model for it. contradictory the traditional wisdom, the more open the license term content, the more likely for the content earn likecoin because the higher likerank and also the increased number derivative works. like button reinvented while pagerank years old, like button the like button was launched oct friendfeed, which was acquired facebook. like button was revolutionary, but over the years deteriorates. getting thousands likes hardly means anything anymore. and from the very beginning till now, has never meant any income for content creators matter how many likes content receives, the content creator gets nothing. likecoin change that. likecoin's like button designed combine two user experiences into one. tapping/clicking the like button for times, long press/hover then drag user shows his/her appreciation and helps the content creator mine likecoin from creators pool. the user really appreciates, s/he may directly "super like" pay the content creator certain amount likecoin from his/her own wallet. combine the two user experience not only for simplicity, but also cultivate user behavior over time. most internet users are used showing appreciation contents cost, only small fraction them pay content creators out their own pockets. believe creative contents have intrinsic value and content consumers are receiving value. supplement the advertising model, make possible new ecosystem where content consumers pay content creators directly according their level appreciation. proof creativity while blockchain miners usually understand mining solving mathematical problem, does not have the case. say for example, proof stake (pos) mechanism does not involve hash power and thus has little impact environment. with focus rewarding content creators, likecoin measures the importance creative contents, i.e. creativity and allows content creators mine likecoin with their creative contents. call the mechanism roof creativity poc poc defines creativity two dimensions: the higher the likerank creative content is, the more creative is. the more likes creative content receives, the more creative is. creators pool bil, which accounts for total number likecoin tokens the long run, reserved the mining pool each day likecoin will minted from creators pool for distribution content creators, according the formula: +e- when .(-t)+ when the minting formula designed based the following principles and assumptions: majority (%+) the creators pool should take years mint. believe consumers receive value high quality creative contents, and encourage them pay voluntarily. but attitude cultivation long process allocate years for consumers convert. ultimately, target have tipping model coexist with advertising model. the minting should smooth out after year period with very long tail, our formulae, years. this gives the community time adopt. the minting should have slow start. allows time for content creators and service providers join the likecoin ecosystem and avoid early birds overly beneficial. after one year, however, assumed that number creative contents increases quickly. the factor difficulty will set every day that the total number likecoin distributed content creators equals the total number likecoin minted. take day example. likecoin are minted. the +e- same day, creative contents have received total likes across all the service providers. end day gmt, likecoin will distributed the creative contents according the number likes they received well their likerank. when derivative work receives like, the original content(s) receive cut likecoin well. the service provider the creative content also receive portion. the factor ifficulty calculated that all the above added exactly smart settlement through proof creativity the details the calculations are follows: like(x, eight(y, like(y, ychildren(x) ectivelike(x) like(x, likecoin(x) int eight(x, arent(x) ectivelike(x)xlikerank(x) ectivelike(y)xlikerank(y) ycontent where, children (x) the set direct children (derivative work) content parent (x) the set direct parents (content source) content weight (x, weight content the direct parent content weight (x, weight content the direct parent content like (x, likes got content from viewers directly, adjusted preserve fairness like (x, where likes got content the n-th ancestor other contents effectivelike (x) final number likes content got after distributing likes parents and receiving likes from children likerank (x) like rank content calculated the license and the descendant trees mint number likecoin minted from creators pool the end the given day likecoin (x) number likecoin distributed the wallet address content like.co order for the public browse the likecoin smart contract conveniently and stay transparent, mining section will set like.co disclose detailed analytics token distribution the creators pool, including but not limited to: how much likecoin was minted the day before, and historically since day how many contents received likecoin, and the average. what content receive what amount likecoin. the latest poc ifficulty content creators can access their own creative contents easily like.co, and receive detailed analytics them. like.co will also served peer-to-peer payment site. each content creator has his/her likecoin similar twitter account. users may transfer likecoin user-friendly web interface without owning eth for gas. this realized the delegation function likecoin smart contract, where likecoin foundation serves proxy for transfer likecoin token between users for super like and other peer-to-peer transfers. like.co peer-to-peer transfer likecoin token likecoin token utility token based ethereum and erc- compliant. token distribution the total number likecoin token capped bil and divided into pools: token sale mil), ecosystem development mil), team mil) and reators bil). before the token sale takes place, mil tokens the the ecosystem development pool minted start building the likecoin ecosystem. such tokens are used for sales and marketing, bounty program, rewarding content creators before proof creativity mining officially starts, and anything that facilitates the development the ecosystem. then, during the public token sale mil tokens will minted proportion the amount eth provided the buyers (see the next section, token sale after the token sale, tokens the team pool will used for payroll. mil tokens are reserved for the team, advisors and potentially consultants, with vesting period least months. most the team members take likecoin compensation. finally, certain number tokens will minted daily from the creators pool according set formula for rewarding contents proof creativity (refer the previous section likecoin mining protocol will process over years, and the total number tokens minted will bil the end the period. token sale likecoin tokens are only exchangeable with eth during token sale period. the standard rate eth likecoin, with optional bonus lock period months. tokens will sold stages: early believers bonus, i.e. extra likecoin per eth), institution bonus), early bird bonus) and public sale (no bonus except referral bonus). remaining token the end the token sale period, any, will transferred the ecosystem development pool. for the avoidance doubt, likecoin designed used the ecosystem and likecoin holders will not receive any voting rights board meetings shareholder meetings. round eth bonus* likecoin early believer institution early bird public sale hard cap: total: token sale schedule (*bonus subject month lock period) use proceeds while likecoin tokens will used for settlement majority compensation the team and part the ecosystem development, proceeds from token sale will used eth converted fiat currency other areas. the proceeds are budgeted for development and operation, especially hosting the creative contents; marketing and development; legal and administration and finally for contingency and long-term reserve. likecoin foundation all the likecoin tokens and proceeds from token sale are managed likecoin foundation limited, which tax-exempt ngo under section the inland revenue ordinance hong kong. the directors the foundation are independent and are responsible for monitoring the issuance tokens, payrolls material contractors' compensation and use proceeds general. the financial reports the foundation were and will released ublic the likecoin team are employees the foundation her subsidiaries, and will managing likecoin protocol open source project under gpl license. contents created the foundation, including this whitepaper, will licensed creative commons. conclusion with aim realign creativity and rewards, likecoin attribution and mining protocols incentivises protocol adoption and permissive license offering reasonable rewards permissive license and rewards reinforce each other, and maximise creativity the content creators. the community side, likecoin movement cultivate the habit and culture voluntary payment for high quality creative contents. providing large creators pool for mining proof creativity over years, the community may get used voluntary payment model gradually over long period time. paradigm shift happens years and indie content creators can make living the likecoin ecosystem, regard likecoin success. appendix roadmap q-q: brainstorming, r&d: the team developed oice, visual novel editor which the origin likecoin. oice, director remixes art and music assets provided other content creators make interactive stories, next which detailed credits are shown automatically. other than credit, the team believes each content creator involved should receive share when the story receives income. lots technologies and tools were evaluated but none could meet the requirements, until finally landed cryptocurrency. then generalize the idea serve broader use cases and likecoin protocol was born. "free-lancer", oice visual novel, directed thunderrush early believer sale: with series articles explaining the concept and design likecoin protocol and proof concept deployed rinkeby testnet, early believer private sale likecoin token were done. ,eth were raised for development the protocol and marketing. likecoin token, like.co and launched: likecoin main smart contract deployed mainnet for production. likecoin registration opened public. likecoin token peer-to-peer transfer made possible like.co. prototype puttyimages: kickoff development puttyimages and blogchain.md dapps with prototype deployed test net. simulated proof creativity mining oice. likecoin peer-to-peer payment features provided for content creators early adopter websites. public sale likecoin token. launch puttyimages: puttyimages dapps launch mainnet, with content creators beginning upload creative contents. like button launch: like button sdk available for early adopters. puttyimages launch internationally more languages. proof creativity mining starts small scale. blogchain.md and likecoin ecosystem scale up: development and launch blogchain.md dapps. like button wordpress plugin and other sdks available for public. oice backend merge with likecoin protocol. appendix people independent directors jacky chu: early investor btc, eth, iota, ven and ardr; venture investor china; founder pad for hope foundation; member chartered institute management accountants. jacky previously worked transaction services kpmg and management consultant ims health. graduated from ubc eece and cumba, jacky endeavoring use data technology transform the charity sector. bonita wang: founder idonate, the first charity rating site hong kong which measures the operating efficiency and fund needs based audited reports and public information charities. bonita has big and private equity experiences. she holds master science investment management from hong kong university science and technology and bachelor science economics from ohio state university. team kin ko: product designer; founder; chief (when one needed). kin internet veteran who founded game developer lakoo backed tencent and sequoia capital. stepped down after years operation mostly china and started likecoin foundation hong kong kin's mixed background computer engineering and social science reflected his strong belief that technology and humanity cannot and should never divided. aludirk wong: system architect. his years experience software engineer, aludirk has specific focus system design and software development methodologies. was core developer live dealer online casino system and has been charge massively multiplayer online game development. aludirk obsessed with blockchain and machine learning research recent years. jacky ko: cmo. jacky was the founder octius company limited, the market leader hong kong retail merchandising services. with more than years merchandising services like visual display management, retail audit and posm arrangement, octius the top player the market with long term clients including unilever, mead johnson, abbott, reckitt benckiser, frieslandfood, gsk, bat, j&j, amoy, hawley hazel etc. william chong: full stack developer. b.sc computer science, cuhk. likes try out edgy technologies and hack things together his free time. also likes spend time devop when procrastinating feature development. chung wu: blockchain developer. being called satoshi the team, chung has strong passion cryptography and now focusing blockchain technologies. treats reading whitepapers entertainment his spare time. chung holds m.sc computer science, chinese university hong kong. michael cheung: full stack developer. b.sc computer science, cuhk. michael mainly supports data logging, searching and analytics the team's application. weekends, michael likes playing chinese chess and board games. edmond yu: operation manager. exited from cloud pillar, web and mobile solution consultancy edmond cofounded, cofounded oice, visual novel editor which turned into likecoin dapp. edmond entrepreneur with -year startup experience and telecom field. simon but: growth hacker. asking himself "what games are" all his life, simonb founded firepillar, indie game development group, when he's studying the chinese university hong kong. strongly believes creative works make life better. david ng: full stack developer. david engineer who understands design, with passion ux/ui and motion design. david graduated from hkbu with bachelor degree computer science. miles wong: full stack developer. miles enthusiastic software engineer web and application development. familiar with both frontend and backend technologies. miles holds bachelor engineering computer science from hkust. joshua lo: designer. joshua fullstack designer with over -year experience. after his study hong kong and berlin, founded buliuming design consultancy specialized infographic and ux/ui design. clients include the bank east asia, haeco, pico and yougov. advisors alex lau: blockchain opensource advisor cybermiles webank and trubuzz r&d engineering consultant suse linux enterprise storage; establish bcos community non-profile chapter for webank. dr. haggen so: founder and president hong kong creative open technology association project manager the creative commons hong kong; active global movements such creative commons, one laptop per child and gnome. isaac mao: founder musicoin founder cnblogs.org; project lead icommons china, creative commons china team. jon phillips: open source-developer, artist, designer, writer, lecturer, and has over years experience creating communities. community director gnu social founder penclipart developer inkscape founder copyleft hardware. early supporters annie zhang: editor chief initium media deputy chief editor city magazine; executive chief editor isun affairs. harry xiao: ounder meshbox founder downjoy heatherm huang: ounder measurable token and mailtime greg sung: ounder onesky founder anobii