linfinity: blockchain system for supply chain linfinity team abstract the current supply chain industry has issues that can mitigated utilizing the blockchain technology meaningful way. one major problem, for instance, that transparent overview supply chain's network challenging achieve, leading difficulty ensuring the quality and integrity raw materials and products along supply chains. what often result are contamination and counterfeiting that are undesirable. the longer and more complex supply chain is, the greater the chance fraud andnegligence. more generally, today's global supply chains are slow and inefficient, involving unnecessary friction costs, inefficiencies, and nontransparency each process. traceability goods and materials well accountability has become difficult manage over time, incurring administrative costs and paperwork, which the blockchain technology can help solve. result, present linfinity, the world's first distributed supply chain platform based blockchain, internet things, and big data technology. linfinity platform with reliable data, transparent information, and interconnected network cope with the practical business pain points and development demand corporate users, while allowing organic ecosystem with competitive token model catering all participants the ecosystem promote aligned incentives. contents background introduction what blockchain, and how relevant today? advantages using blockchain the supply chain industry introduction problems motivation for blockchain supply chain leveraging blockchain supply chain applications linfinity project linfinity development outlook linfinity application scenes linfinity supply chain information tracking platform linfinity quality management and electronic evidence platform linfinity blockchain intelligent gateway and intelligent iot big data platform token model and system architecture comparative token models linfinity's system architecture token model lft token sale plan team members consultants management structure team legal note disclaimer representations and warranties cautionary note forward-looking statements risk statement market and industry information restrictions distribution and dissemination .background introduction what blockchain, and how relevant today? according the bank england, blockchain technology that allows people who don't know each other trust shared record events." more broadly, technology that allows authenticated data communication between each player system without the intermediation trusted central organization authority, hence creating decentralized ecosystem. blockchain made "chain" information-storing "blocks," where each block contains information such transactions made, amounts, and parties involved. possible access all previous blocks linked together the chain, blockchain database retains the complete history all the assets and instructions executed since the very first one, i.e. the genesis block. this promotes transparency data, which crucial and extremely relevant multiple industries, absolutely including the supply chain industry for example. result, efficiency can achieved case situations arise where one has trace back certain pieces data via the blockchain technology and hence does not have incur unnecessary friction costs. bitcoin, the earliest blockchain implementation, has triggered widespread experimentation blockchain led primarily the financial services industry for this reason. blockchain gains publicity, large corporations and startups alike are exploring and inventing new uses the technology outside the financial services industry []. many organizations such ibm, samsung, huawei, etc. are already experimenting with blockchain solutions fulfill their needs. according recent study conducted deloitte, percent respondents surveyed were planning aggressive deployments blockchain advantages using blockchain distributed and decentralized: the traditional centralized network, aneffective attack central node can destroy the entire system. this spof (single point failure) attack cannot occur truly distributed system. trustless system: the blockchain network, any behaviors malicious deception the system will rejected and inhibited other nodes through algorithms such pow (proof work), pos (proof stake), dpos (distributed proof stake), etc. therefore, changes the blockchain don`t depend support and credit endorsement central authorities that users are traditionally forced trust centralized system. tamper-resistance and encryption security: due the irreversibility time, any behaviors that try tamper with data information the blockchain can traced easily. thus, invalid alteration will rejected other nodes restrict the related illegal behaviors, whereas known that significant amount the network (e.g. attack the bitcoin network) must collude act maliciously order reverse transactions blockchain, which extremely unlikely condition satisfied. additionally, the security blockchain depends time-tested cryptographic primitives such one-way hashing algorithms (e.g. equihash), digital signature schemes (e.g. ecdsa, bls signature scheme), and general asymmetric encryption schemes such elliptic curve cryptography. all relevant cryptographic schemes are hot field research and development the moment, certain schemes contribute important parameters blockchain such privacy, decentralization,and linfinity white paper .the supply chain industry introduction asupply chain asystem organizations, people, activities, information, and resources involved moving product service from the source the customer. supply chain activities involve the transformation rawstarting materials and components into finished product that delivered the end customer. sophisticated supply chain systems, used products sometimesre-enter the supply chain any point where residual valueis recyclable. supply chains have enabled the growth manufacturing, trade, and innovation around the world and has been the heart globalization and industrialization over the past few decades. the technologies and methods used run these supply chains havenot however kept pace with the growing interconnectedness and complexity problems global picture: according mckinsey report, supply chain stakeholders can longer maintain adequate overview their networks, leading increasing difficulty ensuring the quality and integrity raw materials and finished products along the supply chain. contamination and counterfeiting are rampant well. handling distribution and client logistics operations have also gotten significantly more difficult. the longer and more complex the supply chain is, the greater the chance fraud and negligence. world that growing increasingly complex, only natural expect huge rise malicious actors for supply chains well. over time, have seen reduction transparency and accountability addition the aforementioned problems. commercial: today's global supply chains are slow and inefficient. they make procedures long and arduous for participants, especially smaller producers and distributors. complex chains also imply complicated governance structures, which are becoming more and more difficult manage over time. there also exists incentive problem so, from the side producers. consumer: end consumers are demanding greater levels transparency about the origins their products, well more personalization for the items they desire. this evident especially the food and cosmetics industries, where there has been new movement consumers demanding food sourced directly from the farm and for cosmetics products demonstrate the use natural sources. this puts increased pressure supply chains the following are facts and events that confirm the gravity the situation: billion usd imported fake goods circulation globally. regular authenticity and food safety scandals china and fake pharmaceuticals play around the world. least babies died fuyang and rural areas anhui after consuming fake baby milk. infants killedand hospitalized. china reported victims total baby food scandal china) pharmaceuticals nigeria are fake (world health organization). while there are more general issues with the supply chain system, clear that there are very real consequences for the end consumers, the above delineates. linfinity white paper motivation for blockchain supply chain the overall solution improving supply chain efficiency handle data each the points chain secure, simple, digitized, and verifiable manner. however, the problem that difficult gather data regarding the state the whole chain. even when the data available still challenging collect, aggregate, and share while ensure data's accuracy and integrity. furthermore, even there are actors willing perform the functions checking the accuracy and integrity the data and product given point the supply chain, there isn't any incentive for these actors behave this manner for prolonged period time since such behavior not rewarded adequately the system itself. conversely, malicious (intentional not) behaviors not incur any opportunity cost. advances sensor technology iot developments and rfids radio frequency identification (rfid) technology communication technology that can identify specific targets and read and write rel evant data through radio signals without any contact between the recognition system and specific targets. tags are the physical carrier the electronic product code (epc) attached traceable items. they are identifiable, readable, writable, and can circulated all over smart contracts and dapps with different blockchains being spun out, the notion smart contracts came into full play. smart contracts allow the execution logic once specific conditions are met. these contracts themselves belong the blockchain and are recorded for everyone see, for transparency purposes well automatically settle the terms contract instant manner. utilizing the three developments mentioned above that arrive the possibility using blockchain technology alleviate the problems faced supply chain. leveraging blockchain supplychain has become asurprisingly applicable and prominent use case for blockchain,since offers: enhanced transparency. can document product's journey across the supply chain from origin destination, increasing trust and helping eliminate distrust and suspicion. manufacturers can also reduce recalls sharing logs activities along the chain with oems and regulators. scalability. virtually any number participants can belong the supply chain and participate the transfer information since all digitally stored the blockchain. better security. ledger such the blockchain with codified rules (smart contracts being the further abstraction) would eliminate audits required internal systems and processes, which traditionally have been time-consuming, costly, and manual times.this huge improvement upon the inefficiencies the system. engaging stakeholders. the system engages stakeholders via the token model involving cryptocurrency and system smart contracts automating payments and settlement instantaneous manner, transactions can made fast. more importantly, engaging stakeholders the ecosystem leads incentive alignment within the system that has never been carried out before traditional settings, organically allowing active ecosystem benefiting all parties involved each encounter. increased innovation. once have blockchain system place, can use smart contracts increase efficiency well integrate with the rest the system. innovations the chain architecture themselves come about (e.g. new dapps and protocols leveraging smart contracts), can analogously find innovations the summary, enabling transparency between untrusted partners and traceability through out the production and movement processes are the core functions blockchain insupply chain. can achieve open, immutable, and global ledger for transactions, allowing verification mechanism well better incentive alignment through our token ecosystem. linfinity white paper supply chain applications there have been plenty applications blockchain supply chain over the past few years well startups dealing with supply chain for specific goods. some prominent examples are: chronicled, everledger, skuchain, blockverify, ubirch, and provenance. however, many these projects such everledger deal with specific use cases (e.g.diaonds) while the general chains not address the issue possible fraud the supply chain efficient, secure way. large corporate players such ibm, microsoft, walmart, maersk, and bhp billiton have also begun run proof-of-concept studies, committing significant resources building new platforms and fostering international collaborations while fulfilling client requests from other corporations. some promising case studies include the following: blockchain shipping logistics: was reported that ibm and danish shipping giant maersk teamed use blockchain manage freight tracking, providing buyers, sellers, and officials with mechanism track goods shipped around the world. shipping, which involves long distances and constant movement products, traveling across borders may require review and approvals from dozens parties before arrival. this creates large amount paperwork and potential for fraud multiple points. fact, billions dollars maritime fraud are committed each year. through collaboration with customs authorities, the shipping company streamlined the approvals process creating secure record transactions and approvals and reduced the time needed transport goods. similar use cases illustrate blockchain has the potential reduce administrative and logistics timelines shipping more than from more than one week less than one day. blockchain food production: startup using blockchain part effort increase supply chain transparency the second-largest traded commodity the world: coffee beans. the company using distributed, decentralized protocol for real-time mobile transactions, recording data about the transactions and allowing all involved parties access the record payments any time. the system increases transparency the coffee beans progress through the supply chain and helps ensure farmers receive proper fair-trade payments. blockchain inluxury manufacturing: alogistics company has introduced acloud based blockchain solution digitally certify diamonds and protect against unauthorized tampering with supply chain records. diamonds are held strict certification requirements ensure they are sourced ethically, but fraudulent certificate reports and insurance claims can disrupt the safeguards set place. combat this, the company uses over diamond characteristics including color and clarity create unique diamond ids (everledger). the blockchain allows for immutability and security for the supply chain data and provides the necessary transparency between diamond certification houses and global diamond suppliers for the certification process. more than one million diamonds have been digitized this manner far. blockchain pharmaceuticals: another promising area for blockchain solutions provenance (tracking assets across supply chain) within the pharmaceutical industry. tracking active pharmaceutical ingredients during the manufacturing process difficult and faces increased challenges from the widespread and lucrative counterfeit drug operations around the globe. rubix deloitte identified three key use cases within pharmaceuticals how drugs are manufactured, how they move from manufacturer end consumer, and how public safety issues for consumers are addressed. blockchain's immutability provides basis for traceability drugs from manufacture end consumer, identifying where the supply chain breaks down. there potential not only reduce the billion losses each year but also increase public safety and prevent some the estimated one million deaths per year clear that the applications blockchain supply chain are numerous and well thought out. many more appear every day. what propose novel system that improvement the general supply chain model incorporating ipfs (inter-planetary file system), cutting-edge sensor technology, and iot integration that allows devices communicate effectively. linfinity white paper .linfinity project distributed business platform based blockchain, internet things, and big data technology, linfinity platform with: reliable data transparent information efficient cooperation and interconnected network cope with the practical business pain points and development demand corporate users with the revolution blockchain, the experience our research and development team, and the experience our product implementation teams' service experience for both domestic and international fortune enterprises distributing the industries food, tobacco, clothing, and medicine, linfinity will provide supply chain solution that truly linfinity development outlook with blockchain the underlying technology the linfinity core business platform, the supporting role lora the core the iot intelligent hardware and the combination frontier technologies such big data, edge computing and machine learning, the core business platform conceived linfinity will take blockchain technology its underlying layer provide enterprises with the business platform services, including supplier chain tracing, anti-counterfeiting, electronic signature, iot monitoring, equipment management, and predictive maintenance. the application the entire blockchain ecosystem will significantly expanded through the good management and supervision the inter-trusting,transparency, and efficiency corporate upstream and downstream supply chain, instant commercialization and monetization business model mentioned the first stage and the technology accumulation and progress the current linfinity team. successfully embed the current linfinity supply chain tracking/anti-counterfeiting blockchain well introducing different business entities.to monetize businesses with the saas approach, well solidifying the fundamentals for following smart data promotion with the accumulated terminal customers.with the current solutions and platforms, linfinity has already confirmed cooperation intention with various business entities ranging from tobacco, chinese liquor pharmaceutical corporations. the near future, linfinity platform will march into the fields food and agricultural products. achieve the period goal later stages, linfinity platform will realize the corporate supply chain solution "from farm the meal table and from the raw material origin place customer terminus" with the adoption blockchain technology. accomplish the strategic objective the second stage completion the current linfinity tqm and achievement electronic evidence platform blockchain.combined with the source-tracking/anti-counterfeiting platform operation, the demand customers' hope reliable toc and improvement quality management corporates along with its upstream suppliers can both satisfied. with linfinity platform resource integration and data-empowering well the advantages blockchain technology, the inter-trusting mechanism between supply chain upstream and downstream can substantially improved. consequently, the corporate product management and control system can promoted, which huge degree helps reduce the management cost upstream and downstream spot check, supervision, and control. hence, corporates can achieve actual values. linfinity white paper achieve the implementation linfinity blockchain+iot main platform. with the resource accumulation iot intelligent gateway, applications, dapps,and big data supervision platform, the current team linfinity will upgrade the blockchain structure provide businesses with clustered cloud deployment and blockchain deployment. notably, consideration both given functionality and secure, reliable, and tamper-resistant service assurance. with the goal completion two previous stages, linfinity business platform will not only offer software solution, but also provide corporates with the most detailed real-time supervision and management production, transportation, and storage. this can thus ensure product quality, store the genuine and detailed data feedback, and guarantee the final step linfinity ecosystem. q-, achieve the implementation smart data platform. further upgrad corporation data valuesuch smart control energy consumption, smart promoion, and predicted protection with the accumulated business users and data and related real-time analysis technology. complete the last step linfinity busines platform the completion the closed loop data gathering, combination, analysiempowering, and general development. through the blockchain-based sharing anmotivation mechanism, linfinity will encourage corporations share their resource under the promoted security level and expand business ecosystem applications. trusted corporation public welfare equipment rental supply chain tracking eco-system alliance smart promotion smart logistics linfinity chain internet things blockchain supervised things tqm(total quality management) product anti-counterfeiting electronic evidence platform smart data platform big data predicted protection source-tracking procurement figure linfinity development route vision linfinity application scenes from the actual landing cases the blockchain, can find that blockchain technology application applicable the environment which strong centralization credibility does not exist, and should integrate the current market and law environment solve actual problems according the actual demands. yet, big data transactions, there are still many problems and pain points. with authenticity and reliability ensured blockchain characteristics, values can brought enterprises the process solving these pain points landing multiple business scenes combined with big data, iot, and intelligent analysis. linfinity white paper first, the data registration system not perfect, leading the opacity data sources and transfer processes, uncontrollability data collection quality and the poor effect data analysis. uneven data quality not only affects the data mining effect, but even leads incorrect data analysis results. with the fact that data can replicated during the data transaction, transaction intermediary cannot trusted for any data transactions since transaction information may replicated intermediary and sold for multiple times privately. however, the data generation, analysis and utilization are stayed within the enclosed environment without transactions and circulations, then the effect data isolated islands will reduce the data values, while the true value big data the loading and integrating data from multiple sides. besides the hidden danger being maliciously replicated during the data transaction, data privacy also problem. how open the data sharing, transaction and use are big problems under the premise data privacy protection. linfinity solves the privacy problem during the data use with form performing distributed computing and outputting the results for the data under the condition privacy protection. the transaction big data can transfer the transaction data use right. the data fixed the blockchain encrypted form when generated. the data purchase from buyer will trigger the computing behavior for specific data. the process computing will consume tokens and the results computing will directly use the public key held buyer. each step data computing and result outputting will saved the blockchain. both the questions about the source the data the responsibility for the buyer's private replication can solved using the blockchain trace- linfinity supply chain information tracking platform the construction blockchain underlying technology along with the current supply chain tracking and anti-counterfeiting platform linfinity will help achieve the fact that material purchasing, production, fabrication, logistics, sales and the whole life cycle commodities become trackable. combined with current customer practice linfinity industries tobacco, liquor and medicine, the business realization can implemented rapidly cloud service piecework charge mode. example well-known cigarette brand china, the producer stores the digitized cigarette the blockchain network through "one code for one product, both codes and products can traceable" mode, and records each step the blockchain, including data collection, transaction, circulation, computing and analysis. this means that the data quality can obtain strong trust endorsement and the correctness data analysis result, and the effect data mining can promised. with the current front-end implementation linfinity, consumers can look the "information each link from material production and sales" the cigarettes scanning the code the cigarette package with multiple approaches such wechat, mini-program, alipay. the blockchain-based smart contract ensures the publicity, transparency, reliability, and tamper-resistance greatly enhance the anti-counterfeiting capability brand products, especially high-end products. after binding customers their scanning, the end customers become the linfinity ecosystem seed users who can provide and share with all enterprise users the ecosystem the same time. blockchain-based smart contracts can help enterprises perform market promotion through linfinity platform after the launch smart marketing data platform, which increases the stickiness and participation enthusiasm customers well accumulating relevant data form forward loop. combined with the production, logistics and channel sales enterprises, linfinity cloud analysis platform also can provide enterprises with the intelligent analytic services user grouping, user portrait, user behavior analysis and assist enterprises make precision marketing decision. addition the current saas charge mode, linfinity platform will also support payment with fuel currency (i.e. gas) the future, which means enterprises can contribute their idle computing resources obtain the benefit that can deduct their charge data and platform service obtaining reduce the daily operating cost enterprises themselves lay good foundation for the subsequent construction the linfinity ecosystem. linfinity white paper figure linfinity's commodity trading solution linfinity quality management and electronic evidence platform the core tqm (total quality management) "three-total" and "four-all" summary. namely, refers total quality management, total process management, and total personnel participating management, and then all for users, all for precaution, all data, and all with pdca circulation. the formation products whole process containing series activities. the process includes market investigation, research, design, trial-manufacture, the design and manufacture process and process installation, raw material supply, manufacturing, factory inspection and sales service. the improvement product quality depends the improvement the quality each link the process upstream and downstream the supply chain. with the continuous upgrade state quality systems and the complexity multiple domestic and international standards, the requirements quality management cloud service platform have also emerged. based current tqm cloud management and combined with the blockchain technology implementation, linfinity has built the qbbss "five-in-one." the one hand, provides material additive check (such gb) for the current users cloud computing method; the other hand, deploys the quality control system supply chain upstream and downstream the blockchain, and combines with the electronic document management and evidence platform form traceable mutual trust system and reduces the cost supply chain communication risk control. figure linfinity foundation tqm platform system sha hash encryption algorithm, the current linfinity electronic evidence platform extracts meta data with fixed length from the quality control documents, quality check vouchers and electronic contracts required supply chain upstream and downstream the "digital fingerprinting" meta data and packages blocks for writing them into blockchain network form reliable consensus. this way, can ensure that nobody can restore and decrypt the feature code she obtains, and can also ensure that the meta data have any changes, then the deviation between the meta data and electronic evidences will incurred, which has the effect truth verification. linfinity white paper figure the encryption algorithms and platform screenshots linfinity electronic evidence platform present, linfinity electronic evidence platform has completed the joint the third-party certification authority international certification. certificate issued the third-party certification authority, the identity the evidence submitter can determined; digital signature and electronic sealing, the signature legal documents such contracts can completed the cloud platform with one step; blockchain distributed storage, the security and tamper-resistance the documents can increased further and the version tracing function document modification records can provided. besides hash electronic evidence, enterprise users also have the requirements document classifying, approval, archiving and retrieval the routine businesses. based the current technology, the linfinity electronic evidence platform provides enterprise users with flexible options cloud service solutions, integration with system the enterprises seamlessly developing api. meanwhile adopts ssl encryption transmission protect privacy and cuts down the management cost the linfinity blockchain intelligent gateway and intelligent iot big data platform recently, the idea applying blockchain technology the iot field growing vigorously. according the experience that linfinity has accumulated iot hardware and platform these years, the best practice blockchain the iot the future provide the enterprise iot with equipment authentication, network consensus, record and tracing, building efficient, reliable and secure distributed iot network the method sdk implanting. coupled with blockchain intelligent gateway, will help reduce the enterprise tco with the linfinity future intelligent big data analysis platform achieve the longterm vision "internet everything and sharing with mutual trust." the linfinity team has researched iot intelligent gateway based lora network since which improvement after trying pain points multiple protocols such zigbee the actual business scenes. lora adopts star network architecture, and has the lowest delay and simplest network structure compared with mesh network architecture. based the lora spread spectrum chip, can implement the direct network connection between nodes and concentrators constitute star-shape; for nodes distance, can use gateway equipment relay for network connection. compared with cellular iot communication standards such nb-iot, lora network similar wlan that use now, which can implement rapid networking and configuring only setting local iot network with simple lora intelligent gateway equipment and can implement convenient networking both environments wan and lan the future. lora adopts spread spectrum modulation technology that can modulate the noise under db, which ensures the network connection with high sensitivity and reliability. the transmission speed spread spectrum system can changed using different spread spectrum factors, and changeable spread spectrum factors improve the system capacity the whole network, because the signals using different spread spectrum factors can coexist the same channel. compared with traditional fsk system using fixed speed, the star topological structure lora protocol eliminates the synchronization overhead and hops, which decrease the power consumption. generally, the nodes only occupy the total energy consumption. practical application, the wireless communication distance iot equipment adopting lora protocol more than kilometers (suburb environment) with the battery service life being more than years. the excellent indexes such extremely strong transmissibility and low linfinity white paper figure linfinity intelligent iot gateway demo massive number equipments will connected the iot, making difficult control centrally from the terminal effectively. therefore, connection security precaution always the most significant priority. the type iot equipment vulnerabilities can divided into permission bypass, dos, information leakage, cross-site scripting, command execution, buffer overflow, sql injection, weak password and design flaw, etc. according the statistics, the vulnerabilities amounts permission bypass, dos and information leakage rank top three, which account for and the total recorded vulnerabilities amounts, respectively. so, the security, which should considered from the combination initial software and hardware design and development, needs consider not only the strict confidentiality the cryptographic algorithm, but also the energy consumption and aging the iot equipment. the current linfinity intelligent iot gateway adopts self-created linfinity iot key algorithm. constitutes the iot key authentication process under the simple low data environment first, completing self-update, parameter update and key update creating the network key with elliptic curve cryptography. then replaces high cost time functions iot physical layer parameters further decrease the time and space consumption key algorithm management for the iot equipment. this kind method has great advantages speed, space occupancy, and operational energy consumption, especially meeting the iot characteristics such the large amount equip- figure brief process and diagrams linfinity iot key algorithm the future, linfinity will continue improve this algorithm coupled with the blockchain characteristics, dividing the iot nodes according the capabilities computing, storage, and communication. will use distributed computing, decentralized zero knowledge authentication method and low amount data iot key negotiation protocol increase the security and authentication speed. the linfinity blockchain gateway will upgrade linfinity iot sdk the current basis.linfinity gateway will obtain various iot data real time connecting the sensors the equipment with the lora protocol. will uploaded linfinity self-encapsulated mqtt protocol with the method grid encryption after edge computing filtering; after the completing sequential arrangement and flow analysis, will stored the blockchain ensure that the data are traceable and tamper-resistant. meanwhile, the registration and connection new equipments are completed blockchain verification. with the combination linfinity iot protocol and distributed ledger blockchain peer-to-peer network, the congestion problem data communication caused block size limitation past traditional blockchain network can solved such that business scenes landing can implemented. linfinity white paper figure the overall architecture linfinity intelligent iot platform the future linfinity blockchain intelligent gateway will upgrade the configurable capability the edge computing, which can further create more application scenes the linfinity ecosystem coupled with smart contracts the blockchain. for example, large fresh chain supermarket requires their cold chain storage and transport service providers who serve comply with very strict temperature control standard. however, due lack real-time monitoring feedback means and big data accumulation, its service providers can only execute the unified strict standard all regions and all seasons. the quality control and audit departments the party also need high frequency spot checks according the process, which increases the supply chain cost the enterprise greatly. after has connected the linfinity intelligent iot platform, can monitor the full operating data real time with hours only sensor output and plc control connection the current equipment. can explore characteristic equipment control parameters based the differences regions and seasons save energy consumption cost. the method linfinity smart contract, the party enterprise may download the business standards and adjusted time period equipment parameters the equipment through the blockchain intelligent gateway. the platform will compare the real-time parameters collected from equipments and commitment stored the blockchain ensure the control and management effect transparency and trust regular intervals, which can guarantee the high standard enterprise quality service system and save the costs actual energy consumption and human power. when using linfinity platform cloud services, the enterprises are required pay for certain amount lft token that also can gained sharing their desensitization experience data figure the demo linfinity smart contract synchronization mechanism linfinity white paper figure the linfinity visual, programmable functionality iot smart contract platform with the increase connected commercial entities and equipment, linfinity intelligent big data platform will explore, clean, verify, integrate, mine and distribute data from different sources intelligently operating iot equipment data. combined with training model, will continue iterate model algorithms energize the data for the enterprises the era better. iot, linfinity intelligent platform closely combines the upstream and downstream the enterprises successfully. the data collected iot will produce the value geometric times big data intelligent drive, which will bring more imaginary space the enterprises coupled with the sharing mutual trust characteristic blockchain. nowadays, data wealth. matter digital marketing, precision advertising consumer behavior portrait, they all focus "people" while the connection "things" driven blockchain the iot will produce more disruptive business ecological modes. the new generation linfinity intelligent data platform will based the big data solution linfinity. combined with the blockchain technology, will construct more open and effective ecosystem cloud services. different enterprises can use machine learning and neural network perform model training and iteration debugging with the data its own industry obtain business optimizing practice based the comparison results gray scale release finally. these accumulated data and algorithms practice can implement business realization the mode blockchain smart contracts that the forward cycle the entire ecosystem can promoted. figure linfinity iot smart contract data platform technological structure conception linfinity white paper token model and system architecture the native token our system will lft per traditional erc- standards. believe the ethereum network has been tested enough demonstrate enough robustness although other chains such neo are also possibilities. now the short term the very least, building ethereum not only mitigates the cost development the platform, but also provides security well smooth circulation the lft tokens due the one-to-one correspondence between lft token owner and ethereum address (allowing communication with other cryptocurrencies the ethereum blockchain well). over time, transition into different blockchain could necessary. lft will used reward participants the system and align incentives. one the most critical pieces the blockchain related supply chain projects with native tokens the token model and system architecture, but have found other projects the space severely lacking explanation why the token required their corresponding systems. comparative token models take the following two competitor token models for existing supply chain projects: model used prominent chinese supply chain project once products are labeled having been produced through the supply chain overseen the trusted corporation consumers are able purchase the products with the native token. tokens can mined purchasing the same products and through "marketing" activities. problem: the only incentive this system for holding tokens buy end products, only tailored end consumers. highly unlikely that this use case alone will lead widespread adoption the token between the key participants within the supply chain ecosystem combining multiple parties and interests involved. there fact incentive for any parties involved the supply chain per hold the native token. end customers typically would pay model used protocol-focused supply chain projects there exist projects each self-described blockchain-based ecosystem for supply chains that ensures the origin, quality, compliance, and proper handling items tracked the network. the token this system used keep information the network date products move across the supply chain without requiring centralized actor maintain resources. this token enables transparent ecosystem with trustworthy data that can freely accessed interested parties. the token itself data-bonded and bonds real-life data its corresponding product. tokens are bonded aproduct until they are "let-go" upon successful delivery purchase the end-product byend customers. problem: the economics such system less skewed than the previous, given the firm incentive for the producers hold tokens use the chain given the extreme focus the protocol level which makes the token far more valuable tool. however, the tokens are bonded from the point binding until the point release the sale the product. this issue since the validating devices the chain are not rewarded adequately, meaning there does not exist much incentive for enterprises, distributors, and verifiers acting and partaking the middle the supply chain perse. linfinity white paper linfinity's system architecture while substantial research and development are still the way when comes linfinity's overall architecture, the following broad design has been adopted: shared data storage among producers and supply chain nodes smart contracts specified producers with requirements for data measurements aforementioned (e.g. fat content food, moisture level chemical mixture, temperature source product, etc.) ipfs for data storage optimization applicable for specific components that are necessary realize this architecture user-friendly way, the following are included: front-end app for customers, front-end app for employees, marketplace for enterprises, back-end system for data analytics, smart contracts for stamping well transactions (and meta-transactions) related each stamping, authentication system, and interaction mechanism between iot and blockchain gateways. front-end app for customers: this meant perform fast and reliable checks various products' unique identifiers read-only mode with positive and ux. the app should natively support device-wise interaction between user's device and each product whose supply chain relevant linfinity's ecosystem. front-end app for employees, distributors, producers, verifiers: the same goes here except read and write should both allowed for employees the app marketplace for enterprises: there marketplace for enterprises when comes exchanging (big) data, specific transactional exchanges pertaining iot dapps, etc. back-end system for data analytics smart contracts for stamping and transactions related each stamping authentication system: users not have authenticate themselves whereas employees must order join the ecosystem. integration and interaction between iot and blockchain gateways the linfinity supply chain smart contract system built using tiered and scalable technology. the blockchain industry, the conflict between the unchangability data, the expansion compatibility future system and user availability are resolved for the first time. terms overall structure, the contract system divided into user control layer and traceability application layer. the user control layer provides users with lifetime unique identity. once users accidentally loses the control account, the voting mechanism used reset the control account through one more authorized accounts specified when the user logs in, the upstream and downstream friends' accounts and the national bureau standards' account. thus, users' control their own assets can recovered. the traceability application layer provides dynamically expandable commodity traceability contracts,whereby mode-commodity traceability such as"one-object-one-contract"and"one-class-one-contract" mode, and asset transactions can realized. terms extensibility, the contract system skillfully utilizes the contract invocation assembly instructions provided native ethereum, that the return value the invoked contract function can obtained within the contract, thus constructing dynamic smart contract that can updated demand. therefore, the system can support new traceability anti-counterfeiting models that may occur the future. the same time, all these operations and data are publicly verifiable and checkable, thereby achieving balance between credibility and usability. linfinity white paper figure linfinity supply chain smart contract system shown the figure, the core steps the system can summarized into the following five steps: original contract deployment (deploy): when the system initialized, deploys transparent user "identity factory" contract and "traceability application" contract. after the traceability application contract generated, forms well-known contract entry the system, and the address cannot changed. create permanent identity (create id): this executed when the user logs in. can generate permanent user identity contract, user control contract and user account recovery contract through the "identity factory" contract. these contracts are the core entry for future user identification, control user assets, and recovery user account control. register traceability mode (register app id): invoked when the system initialized and upgraded add new traceability mode, and certain mode the traceable commodity registered. mode-traceability sub-contracts such "oneobject-one contract" can generated through the factory. commodity contract operation (operate): the contract owner controls the contract and operates his/her assets through the account. the entry the operation passes through the well-known contract entry determined the first step. user account recovery (recovery id): generated when the user logs in.the voting mechanism used reset the user control account through one more authorized accounts specified when the user logs in, the upstream and downstream friends' accounts and the national bureau standards' account. thus, users' control their own assets can recovered. high level, the above solution will introduce several services that should delivered through mobile applications well (internal-facing) web applications, which would contribute the further development the project. promote flexibility the development process, the system made way that can broken down individual modules, where these individual modules may deployed independently micro-services later stage. linfinity white paper token model there are several parts the linfinity model. producers the supply chain, for instance, enter the system the very beginning the system. there could other producers further down the chain, who use the chain reduce their costs and keep track products later point the chain. any producer that wants use the system must use lft tokens that are bound the node the supply chain which the producer enters initially. meanwhile, those iot and sensor devices that can installed both external providers well producers partake the ecosystem measuring the data relevant each product and checking and stamping the data abiding the smart contract that delineates the germane requirements that certain products must satisfy order moved down the supply chain. these devices are rewarded lft tokens for validating data such temperature, moisture content, etc. the designated node the supply chain. the amount rewarded decided the producer, but external validators can sell this data the producer and bid for the best price. furthermore, validators receive ratings based previous work done decided producers who have bought their data attestations before. from end user's perspective, consumers can purchase the byproducts the finished products near the final stages the supply chain. they receive discount specified the market the time they use lft tokens purchase the product. this discount will important the initial stages, decided the linfinity team, that market adoption can rise steadily. upon purchase product, the lft tokens are not data bound the products any more and hence are distributed the players the supply chain (e.g.employees who have met certain criteria outlined relevant smart contracts that they interact with) according the respective rewards guideline. aforementioned the same time, the marketplace for big data and data analytics well cloud services decentralized manner would allow enterprises that partake linfinity's supply chain ecosystem utilize lft tokens meaningful way. more generally, corporate users need use their lft order use linfinity's platform services (e.g. paas and saas services), which again the linfinity team has strong background in. these ways that participants acting the middle the supply chain active way are also incentivized beneficial way contributing the dynamics the linfinity ecosystem, opposed solely appealing end customers. all all, the above model provides good balance between the buy and the sell pressures, unlike other token models that have seen the supply chain realm the blockchain industry. this means that lft has real value utility token, and thus more and more customers well producers onboard linfinity's ecosystem, the lft token sale plan linfinity will issue total amount billion (,,,) lft tokens; among which tokens will used sell the angel investors raise funds. figure lft token distribution figure use funds linfinity white paper .team team members anndy lian ceo all-rounder business strategist with more than years experience asia. has provided advisory across variety industries for local, international pubic listed companies. was previously playing key management role not-for-profit and quasi government linked organisations such singapore institute international affairs and singapore business federation. also true believer healthcare and has since invested and incubated few health related companies. believes that what doing now will revolutionize and redefine businesses. anndy holds mba from the university wales,uk. brian tse coo co-founder evo capital; co-founder hunan yidake techonlogy company ltd; consultant hong kong blockchain consultant ltd. brian i.t solutions expert with more than years experience hong kong and china (e.g. intrasia, sap, hkioa). have successfully incubated more than projects with total capital value over million usd. highly experience company operation especially i.t solution and blockchain. xuecai cto graduated from harbin institute technology and got ph.d degree computer science and technology, mr. has plenty experience more than ten years the position engineering and education. previously served wanxiang blockchain labs senior software engineer and participated the preparation the chinese white paper led the ministry industry and information technology. now lead instructor for mba and advanced programmer training. wenbo liao cio graduated from neusoft institute guangdong. has rich internet marketing and promotionexperience. early stageblockchain investors. angel investor qbao network.he leads the global community development. enzo wang genaral manager (china) graduated from the university edinburgh with msc. management, has senior investment and management practice fields blockchain, education, and video livestream projects. strategic operation work experience for large multinational corporation such intel and hamburger hafen. rich consulting and management experience fields corporate strategy and start-up development. eric yoon general manager (korea) early member the south korean encrypted token exchange and blockchain expert with deep understanding the blockchain industry. with the cfo experience korean sns, has high understanding the flow currency and currency value changes. also accumulated extensive experiences international trade and scm when worked future industry china. has served president umi international, where gained rich planning and operating experiences. used the b/d the korea exchange -coin nest ,and has the ability develop blockchain projects. linfinity white paper consultants yuqing wen business advisor cheung kong graduate school business emba. with his excellent brand operating philosophy, visionary investment philosophy and outstanding leadership more than years business practice, mr. wen successfully created number well-known brands, including "wuyeshen," "alishan," "hougongfang," and many other brands which have wide spread social influence and cultural value. currently, chairman wuyeshen corporation group, president dabaihui group, chairman hougongfang wine co., ltd., chairman alishan group co., ltd., and vice president guangdong hakka chamber commerce. peter blockchain community advisor famous blockchain investor, rednova cio. mr. peter known the legend the blockchain community for earning more than billion yuan return for investing the iota three years ago. addition iota, mr. peter early investor several well-known blockchain projects, including, course, linfinity. mr. peter will assist the operation the linfinity community and the establishment the linfinity ecosystem. liang ran blockchain technology advisor previously, served the development manager the asia pacific region state street. well-known blockchain technology expert, senior researcher chinaledger (china distributed generalledger basic agreement alliance), project manager wanxiang blockchain labs. also participated the preparation the chinaledger technical white paper,china blockchain technology and application development white paper (organized the ministry industry and information technology) and on. mr. liang ran the founder ripplefox (ripplefox china's largest ripple and stellar gateways). mr. liang ran will assist the operation the linfinity technology and the establishment the linfinity ecosystem henry legal advisor graduated from the university edinburgh with llm, mr. currently practicing law shanghai allbright (shenzhen) law offices. specializing fields corporate securities, foreign investment, m&a and banking finance, has rich experience representing transnational enterprises, private enterprise domestic and overseas financing and m&a. took part various projects distributing many industries, including but not limited tmt, health care, aeronautics and astronautics, real estate, energy, and tourism. dmytro budorin security advisor mr. budorin co-founder hacken (hacken market platform providing bug restoration token for white hat hackers). acca, and worked for deloitte for years and became the winner deloitte cis audit challenge with his audit big data sap solution which was widely implemented cis offices. one the top executives with ukraine's military defense industry after its large-scale reform was launched the government linfinity white paper management structure decentralized international community, the linfinity foundation has been established non-profit entity singapore order carry out the development and maintenance the linfinity platform (and services and products thereon), development and operation the community, and management contributions. decision committee executive director linfinity application committee linfinity code audit committee linfinity financial and personnel adminstration committee linfinity market and public relations committee figure linfinity foundation structure decision committee: the decision committee responsible for appointing dismissing the executive director(s) and the responsible person each subordinated committee, making important decisions, and holding emergency meetings. executive director: the executive director elected the decision committee,and will responsible for daily operation and management linfinity foundation, collaboration subordinated committees, hosting meetings decision committee, and making periodic progress reports the decision committee. subordinated committees application committee: the chief product experience officer responsible for guiding the application committee set the direction for the application development orientation linfinity platform, explore the implementation the application scenarios, and create good product application ecosystem. code audit committee: composed the core development teams linfinity platform, and responsible for continued development linfinity platform, development sdk and api, code audit, keeping date the latest developments blockchain technology, understanding the trends and hot points thecommunity linfinity platform any time. financial and personnel administration committee: responsible for the application and audit contributions for projects, compensation management developers, personnel employment, daily operation cost, and shall prepare weekly and monthly financial reports. market and public relations committee: responsible for serving the community,promotion products linfinity latform, popularization the dapp technology, product marketing, and public relations. linfinity white paper .legal note disclaimer this document only used for introduction the token sale lft token international market with china excluded and any part thereof and any copy thereof must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination this document prohibited restricted. this document only used for the purpose conveying information and does not constitute related opinions for buying selling lft token, shares securities. any similar proposals offers shall performed under the trustworthy clauses, applicable securities laws and other relevant laws. the information analysis above does not constitute investment decision specific proposal. this document does not constitute any investment advice, investment intentions solicitation investment the form securities. this document does not constitute and construe provide any buying selling behaviors, any buying selling invitation, any forms security behaviors. not any forms contract commitment. part this document reproduced, distributed disseminated without including this section and the following section entitled "no representations and warranties","cautionary note forward-looking statements", "risk statement", "market and industrial information", "restrictions distribution and dissemination". information this document should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding linfinity lft token. each potential participant should consult its own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser regarding linfinity and its business and operations and the lft token. linfinity expressly states that intended users understand the risk linfinity platform clearly. once they involve the investment, means that they understand and accept the project risk and are willing bear all corresponding effects consequences. linfinity expressly states that does not undertake any direct indirect losses caused any involvement the the reliability all information provided this document any errors, negligence inaccurate information resulting from this any behaviors resulting from this tothe maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, linfinity shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this document any part thereof. lft token cryptocurrency used the linfinity platform. lft token cannot used purchase related goods services when the paragraph written; lft token not kind investment. cannot ensure, while have reasons believe indeed, that lft token will value-added. but some cases, may have the possibility decline value, those who not sincerely and correctly use lft token will lose the right using lft token and may even lose their lft token. lft token not kind ownership control power. the control lft token does not represent the ownership linfinity linfinity applications. linfinity does not entitle any individual participate, control make decision for linfinity and linfinity applications. linfinity white paper representations and warranties linfinity does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation,warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this document. cautionary note forward-looking statements the statements contained this document may include statements future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based management's current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance events differ materially from those expressed implied such statements. some these statements can identified forward-looking terms such "goal", "project", "if", "will", "may" other similar terms. however, these terms are not the exclusive means identifying forward-looking statements. all statements regarding business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects the industry are forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance events differ materially from those expressed implied such statements. risk statement the risk losing lft token caused certificate losing lft token buyer's likely associated with linfinity account before allocated him her. the only way access the linfinity account the relevant login credentials chosen the buyer. losing these credentials will lead lft token losing. the best way safely store the login credentials that the buyer should keep them one several the risk ethereum core protocols the development wet based ethereum core protocols. therefore, any breakdowns triggered ethereum core protocols, unexpected functionality problems vicious cyber-attack may lead the unforeseeable operation suspension and malfunction linfinity application. besides, the value accounts ethereum protocols might rise and fall just the way the value lft token does (not only limited lft token, but other forms may take place). more information about ethereum protocols: http://www.ethereum.org. the risk buyer's payment evidence any third party who obtains the login evidence the private key our lft token buyers can directly have control over the linfinity assets. minimize such risks, buyers lft token must ensure his/her electronic device under good protection and his/her electronic device can deny the visit from unverified sources. the risk judicial supervision the blockchain technology now under supervision most major countries the world. the main body such supervision intervenes impose influence linfinity application and lft tokens, lft token likely affected. for instance, decrees may impose restrictions the use, sales and functionality lft token and even linfinity system; intervene and even terminate the development linfinity application. the risk lack public attention the linfinity application there chance that linfinity application not widely used individuals organizations, which means that the public does not show sufficient interest the development such distributed applications. lack social spotlight therefore may draw negative effects linfinity and its application. linfinity white paper the risk the fact that linfinity and its related application fail satisfy the expectation linfinity initiators and buyers linfinity currently undergoing the development stage, certain (major) alternation may therefore take place prior its official launch. linfinity self-induced buyers' expectation and imagination linfinity application linfinity function form (including the behavior participants) may not (fully) realized. meanwhile, any erroneous analysis alternation linfinity design may lead the conditions mentioned. the risk hackers and theft the operation linfinity application and its token function may interrupted hackers, other organizations nations with the approaches (including but not limited to) service attack, sybil attack, vicious software attack organized consistent attack, etc the risk system loophole rapidly leaping development cryptography the leaping development current cryptography huge progress other kinds technology such the development quantum computation may present risks cryptocurrencies and linfinity platform. and this may consequently lead the loss lft token. the risk lack maintenance and usage the first place, lft token should not regarded type investment, even lft token may enjoy investment value with time. however, there lack maintenance usage linfinity, the investment value may lower. this case takes place, there may few even second-movers this platform, which puts linfinity, obviously, disadvantageous place. the risk not being insured unlike bank accounts accounts other financial organizations, contents stored linfinity accounts ethereum network are normally not insured. event shall any individuals organizations held reliable for your loss. however, you are beneficiary insurance firm such fdic any other private insurance firm, they may held the risk linfinity application malfunction malfunction caused different reasons may lead the fact that linfinity platform becomes unable serve its duties, while under some serve circumstances, linfinity user information may lose. the risk unexpected situations cryptography brand-new yet not fully tested technology, therefore, there exists other risks which are not fully covered this white paper unmentioned the linfinity ad ministration team even not fully expected. addition, there may some unalarmed risks risks above-mentioned coming into existence bundle. additional risk warning type cryptocurrency, lft token not kind currency the true sense word, which means digital commodity and cannot circulate the market out blockchain. thus, this event which all market entities voluntarily participate, and they are all able shoulder the unpredictable risks their own. linfinity white paper market and industry information this document includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, well market research, publicly available information and industry publications. such surveys, reports,studies,market research, publicly available information and publications generally state that the information that they contain has been obtained from sources believed reliable, but there can assurance the accuracy completeness such included information. while linfinity has taken reasonable actions ensure that the information extracted accurately and its proper context, linfinity has not conducted any independent review the information extracted from third party sources, verified the accuracy completeness such information ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein.consequently, neither linfinity nor its directors, executive officers and employees acting their behalf makes any representation warranty the accuracy completeness such information and shall not obliged provide any updates the same. restrictions distribution and dissemination the distribution dissemination this document any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws, regulatory requirements and rules any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, everybody has inform oneself about, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable the possession this document such part thereof (as the case may be) one's own expense and without liability linfinity. person whom copy this document has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have this document their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute this document any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same linfinity white paper references nakamoto, satoshi. bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf szabo, nick. smart contracts: building blocks for digital markets. http://www.al amut.com/subj/economics/nick szabo/smartcontracts.html wabi white paper. https://resources.wacoin.io/wabi whitepaper eng.pdf ibm supply chain use cases. https://www-.ibm.com/common/ssi/cgi-bin/ssialias?h tmlfid=usen& ambrosus white paper. https://ambrosus.com/assets/ambrosus-white-paper-v.pdf using blockchain drive supply chain transparency. https://www.deloitte.com/us/e n/pages/operations/articles/blockchain-supply-chain-innovation.html modum white paper. https://modum.io/whitepaper/ tian, feng. agri-food supply chain traceability system for china based rfid blockchain technology. service systems and service management (icsssm), international conference on. ieee, samsung explores blockchain for tracking global shipments. https://www.coindesk. com/samsung-hopes-blockchain-can-slash-global-supply-chain-costs/ abeyratne, saveen a., and radmehr monfared. blockchain ready manufacturing supply chain using distributed ledger. international journal research engineering and technology, (), pp.