network networks liquidity provider white paper_en v.... (may revised) nov. ico white paper contents copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr introduction vision next generation, blockchain background about blockchain recent legal issues linker coin network networks erc protocol compliance linker various industries linker social network linker healthcare linker esports linker entertainment linker job market linker coin architecture introduction network networks linker crypto-currency network linker real network centralized exchanges for linker coin ico white paper establishing exchange cryptocurrency leveraged index series lnc token information for cryptocurrency-based derivative roadmap token distribution safe deposit coin expense distribution ico schedule important notification about ico participation copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr references ico white paper intr oductio vision: next generation, blockchain futurist alvin toffler proposed sea changes society based around adaption new technologies. the wave the agricultural revolution; the wave the industrial revolution; and the wave the information revolution. are currently seeing the culmination the wave, perhaps even wave, distributed networks fundamentally alter the way people earn living, learn about the world, and form social bonds. one these distributed networks reshaping the world finance and financial technology fields the 'blockchain'. blockchain technology the underpinning 'bitcoin', cryptocurrency developed unknown programmer satoshi nakamoto. the revolutionary feature crypto-currencies that they are not controlled any governments centralizing organizations. the crypto-currency decentralized currency; therefore, the radical problem fiat-currency which centralized the government has been removed. before the epidemic 'bitcoin fever', related technology developers attempted build and commercialize crypto-currencies, but commercializing the crypto-currency was unsuccessful. acknowledged currency, the developed currency must used vast number people, but crypto-currency could not obtain enough attention from the public. meanwhile the fiat-currency values have faltered the sequence adverse events. the public shifted their interest toward the 'decentralized currency'. bitcoin distinguishes from the fiat currency with three features: decentralized currency, high transparency, and safe from hacking. the implementation the blockchain bitcoin achieved decentralization with safety and transparency. the rapid adoption bitcoin, even the point 'bitcoin fever', has copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr shown the global appetite for decentralized currency, and the new launched icos show the robustness both the business models and technologies blockchain. since the first blockchain created satoshi nakamoto august bitcoin creates new block every ten minutes. the blockchain has distinguishing features such (peer-topeer) network, consensus algorithm, hash function, etc. its heart the blockchain ledger kept up-to-date the community who use it. every time new transactions are recorded they are appended the end the blockchain, and the ledger continues grow. through these features the blockchain technology has been acknowledged the most innovative technology which will lead another stage future technology. the decentralized ledger structure the blockchain: safe from counterfeiting; ico white paper transparent, since transaction time cannot manipulated; requires third party manage; drastically decreased the transaction fee since third-party involved; not limited geographically; and scalable. these features are necessary for successful cryptocurrency, and only with their implementation the blockchain were these features integrated into single currency. recently, variety ico projects have been launched based the blockchain technology achieve idealistic network ecosystem. expansion innovative ico projects will lead another level revolution comparing revolutions mentioned earlier. the blockchain, crypto-currency, and icos will change our daily life. each new ico attempting create decentralized ecosystem that implements the promise crypto-currencies, but the thousands icos fragmenting the marketplace ironically undermine that. linker project solves this ironic problem icos. every race and generation can see the promise safe stable currency unfettered the constraints centralized authority. background ... rise crypto-currency there are three key characteristics which distinguishes crypto currency from the existing fiat currencies such dollars, euros, won, etc. first, there central authority managing the currency. existing fiat-currencies are mostly managed governments, governmental organizations, through the delegated authority central bank. the government fails manager the currency can destabilize devastating effect seen weimer germany, zimbabwe the venezuela currently. since crypto currencies are managed their users, single government misstep can destabilize copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr the currency. second, crypto-currencies are highly transparent, creating trust. many mistakenly believe that the anonymity crypto-currencies prevents transparency transactions, but all the ledgers are opened all users since all the ledgers are stored every user. there degree anonymity that transaction records are connected currency address, not personal profile, which can allow criminal uses, seen with bitcoin. however well-run exchanges can discourage criminal activity. furthermore, most countries require kyc protocol verify the users' identity during withdrawal from exchange. ico white paper third, crypto-currency safe from the hackers' attack. crypto-currency built the blockchain; therefore, hacker's manipulation crypto-currency realistically impossible. since all the ledgers are processed under the proving procedure all the users the network, the hacker needs the super computer which can calculate faster than the sum all the user's computers. the past, the press announced that the crypto-currency exchange was hacked, but this event occurred not the breach crypto-currency, but the breach the exchange. since the genesis block crypto-currency was issued, crypto-currency built the blockchain has not fallen the attack the hackers. ... components blockchain every block composed ,and different hash numbers are assigned each block. transaction using bitcoin example, the encrypted information transferring bitcoin recorded called transaction. transaction only includes the 'sender's address', the 'receiver's address', and the 'amount transferred'; therefore, the anonymity assured. all transactions occurring during ten minute period are recorded together 'block'. hash the virtual platform, 'block address' functions chain. each block contains unique address; and the most recently issued block contains the address information previous block. therefore, the user can track the transaction all the way the first block (genesis block). official terminology 'address' 'hash', and hash takes one the most important roles the blockchain technology. hash string random characters with given length. this string characters changes into totally different hash single character the block changed the external factor. number hash character defined the size hash: the size bit. two hash digits can expressed with one bit. on, ten bits produce ten the two digits hash; which means copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr different hash can produced, and with ten bits, data can cashed. ico white paper bitcoin uses hash function called sha- which bit size bits; which means different hash can produced. since astronomical figure, collision hash can barely occur. hash also called 'digital fingerprint'. different fingerprints commonly mean different people. fact, hash used fingerprint the blockchain system since hash changes into totally different hash single character the block changes. result, malicious user attempts manipulate transactions the block, other users can identify that immediately; therefore, hash key bitcoin security system. nonce gold pulled from the earth the miners, bitcoin contains pulled from the computational ether analogues manner. bitcoin mining data computing competition the participants; the answer this competition called 'nonce'. the problem given for bitcoin mining closely related the hash. for example, the problem asks find the nonce which makes first four digits the hash into ''. mentioned earlier, each block composed nonce, list transaction, and previous hash, and change single character produces totally different hash. therefore, bitcoin miners must enter all the possible values find the nonce which produces given the hash condition. this process takes ten minutes, and number nodes increases copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr the system designs the mining problem becomes more complicated. ico white paper ... principle bitcoin function creating block mentioned earlier, the blockchain decentralized network connecting worldwide. new miner installs the bitcoin program, all the blockchain information copied the user's computer; which means that each user has identical blockchain. after ten minutes, each miner's computer executes the task find the correct nonce the new hash number formed transactions occurred ten minutes. the first successful miner announces the result the network; this process called 'broadcasting'. after confirmation results from the most miners, new block connects the blockchain, and the first successful miner receives certain amount bitcoin reward. reward system reward system bitcoin called pow (proof work). consensus protocol bases the amount calculation. the first successful miner obtains the right issue the block and receive certain amount bitcoin reward. even though the centralizing organization does not exist, users participate mining because the bitcoin reward. furthermore, mining itself done complicated computational problem, and block issued after the proof the most miners; therefore, changing information within the block barely possible. the other reward system proposed pos (proof stake). this reward system provides priority mining the user who possesses the largest volume bitcoin. pos can successful under conjecture: the users who possess the large volume bitcoin are not willing the value bitcoin faltered. complexity the computational problem depreciates miner's volume bitcoin possession increases. attempt changing block information comprehending the result changing block information helps understand how the blockchain maximizes the security level bitcoin. copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr mentioned earlier, even single character the block change results totally different hash code. for example, the malicious user attempts change the information the block; block's hash code changes; and the user must find nonce which matches with the altered hash. even though the correct nonce found, block hash registered block does not match; therefore, the malicious user must find the nonce for the block, too. since number block extends every ten minutes, finding all the nonce which fits the new hash ahead all the miners around world barely possible. (if two blocks are produced the same time, short chain will discarded.) ico white paper recent legal issues ... republic korea the republic korea, trading volume bitcoin has drastically increased. meanwhile trading volume bitcoin overtook the trading volume kosdaq (korean securities dealers automated quotation). august th, crypto-currency exchange, bithumb announced that one-day trading volume reached approximately trillion krw which larger than kosdaq trading volume trillion krw (august th). number issued crypto-currencies more than worldwide, and out coins are tradeable the exchange; and the total market value had exceeded billion usd (approx. trillion krw). crypto-currencies are not considered legal tender the government, and crypto-currency balances account are not protected the kdic (korea deposit insurance corporation); further crypto-currencies are not even classified electronic prepayment means. according the governmental announcement august st, congressman yong-jin park plans propose the bill which will create crypto-currency trader approval system prevent the illegal methods crypto-currency trading. capital gain tax not applied crypto-currency like gold stocks. september rd, the government proposed real name authentication for trading cryptocurrency. going through bank, prospective trader crypto-currencies must provide their real name create account. fact, the trader must have virtual account connected the user's bank account. this amendment will effective december, and the cryptocurrency exchange does not submit the users' information for the real name authentication, connected bank immediately stops the virtual account trading. ... china copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr since crypto-currency trading volume china, its policies have huge effect globally. august th, chinese government announced that icos will prohibited until the regulation protect investor established; chinese government prohibited icos september th. september chinese crypto-currency exchange, btc china was closed the government, the first such closure china. according the btc china representative, "this act reflection the ico prohibition prevent investment risks, but otc still open." ico white paper ... japan the japanese government has passed laws: accepting crypto-currencies legal tender and exempting crypto-currency purchases from consumption taxes. the national tax services reviewing taxes profits from crypto-currency trading, with results expected march ... russia september the russian minister finance, anton siluanov stated that willing restrict the supply crypto-currencies. while stated that there reason prohibit crypto-currencies, the government regulation must reviewed. finalized regulations are expected near the end expected that the government will model crypto-currency regulations after current bond market regulations. ... united states july u.s. securities and exchange commission warned about investing cryptocurrency. august th, sec also stated not invest company aiming raise fund selling crypto-currencies. ... market analysis the russian government's position mirrors that the broader crypto currency markets where increased regulations are expected trade for acceptance authorities. while regulations are somewhat inimical the spirit crypto-currencies and their decentralized copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr structure, they can bring benefits, such greater acceptance and stronger legal framework. ico white paper linker coin network networks the past, the invention the internet drastically expanded our radius action. term 'internet' was invented the inventors internet protocol tcp/ip (transmission control protocol/internet protocol) fundamental concepts, vinton gray cerf and robert "bob" kahn. vint and bob aims the concept called 'network networks' and tried develop the 'inter network' which connects all the computers around the world. later, the concept 'inter network' became origin 'internet'. smartphone distributed worldwide, the internet has become essential our life. information was delivered through tv, radio, newspaper, but now information flourishes through the internet and the smartphone. mobile banking system now more convenient than offline bank, and without atm, money can transferred through mobile banking. fact, financial instruments can purchased through the internet. result, number offline store rapidly decreasing. the internet now part our daily life, but the original purpose the internet network networks' has reconsidered especially regards financial transactions. the internet, the user can cross the border countries, but their activities are restricted the governmental organization. for example south korea, when the user signs certain commercial website, the real name authentication requires the resident registration number (the same with the social security number the united states), and phone verification. even though foreigner service for those who not have the resident registration number exists, foreigner service itself the proof the separation and the restriction. typically the banking system, when person wants use foreign banking system, the person should already have the account the foreign banking, need request the foreign service domestic bank; therefore, the internet expanded the radius act, but was not able copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr establish 'network networks'. using the blockchain technology, various ico projects aim for the decentralization finance from the government and also aim the creation unconstrained network networks. current crypto-currencies, ongoing icos, yet unrealized projects will create new ecosystem the blockchain system. these proposals could create the world largest online casino, online job market, online game platform, healthcare platform, financial and industrial platform, etc. short, their proposal that they will create coins, which can used worldwide every existing on/offline service. ico white paper attention toward the crypto-currency has drastically increased, the investment volume ico has already overtaken the investment volume venture capital worldwide. this interests spawned tens thousands different coins, but all these icos are hard keep track of. the exponential increase crypto-currencies threatens separate this nascent network again into fractions: dividing the digital world into bitcoin, ethereum, altcoin, etc, just the physical world divided into countries. the midst this crisis crypto-currencies, linker coin launching. the ultimate vision linker coin link the various disparate networks achieve the true 'network network'. the internet attempted connect geographically separated countries, the linker coin links all the coin-centered networks into one unified ecosystem. linker coin medium for trading crypto-currencies, which otherwise would not exchangeable with other crypto-currencies and also with fiat-currencies. facilitator inter-currency exchange, linker coin will act catalyst the market. linker coin can act substitute coin within ico projects; meaning investor that ico can participate via linker coin without being forced into specific ico project coin. linker coin also can traded with the coins which are not built erc and can exchanged with fiat-currency through the crypto-currency exchange operating under the linker project. rather than promoting the low commission from the exchange like other crypto-currency exchanges, linker project targets the liquidity provision crypto-currencies. liquidity crypto-currencies assured, demand linker coin will increase, linker coin value will set the supply and demand law. linker coin's essence differs from the other ico projects, which propose complicated and incomprehensible future. linker coin develops based the reality crypto-currency market; and this project satisfy the investors' needs. therefore, linker project prepared special ico allow objective evaluations from the users, and adopt the evaluation. erc protocol linker coin design the erc and will rebuilt the erc, which the enhanced version the common erc protocol. erc revised several problems with erc. erc copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr includes all the features of, and fully backwards compatible with, erc. four revisions applied erc first, erc protocol fixed the system error losing the ethereum token due address error. second, receiver can block the transaction from the malicious senders such hacker and terrorist, and obtain more control ethereum transactions. third, erc, token transaction processed -steps: this reduced single step erc increasing speeds and lowering computational costs. the most important revision that erc additional approval not always required. this important key feature achieve lower computational cost the decentralized exchange. the importance escrow the linker project explored chapter erc: ethereum's blockchain model which program added blockchain model ico white paper compliance linker coin complies with aml, kyc regulations specified governments. the linker coin entitled review aml, kyc, and forcefully refund linker coin when refusing aml, kyc copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr process. ico white paper linker vario ind ustries linker coin will unify the coins issued other ico projects, using linker coin transaction medium. this chapter, ico projects various industries will discussed, and the benefits connecting them the linker project explored. linker social network social networks, like facebook, instagram, and twitter, allow users share their thoughts, knowledge, and information real time. while social networks have expanded across the globe, existing social networks are vulnerable security breaches. indorse pte. ltd. has launched blockchain based social network system, which improves security. indorse's innovated social network protects users from hackers, and their voting system malicious users from the network. their voting system based around their ind and scr coins. coins issued the indorse can only purchased ethereum, and cannot traded freely. their coins are restricted the indorse platform, limiting their utility, and value. ind and scr coins are based erc and thus are fully compatible with linker coins (lnc). lnc could used medium exchanging increasing liquidity the indorse network and connecting other coins. linker healthcare healthcare systems are increasing being digitized provide better access patient data. however, this increased the threat security breaches exposing this incredibly sensitive personal information. just social networks, blockchains can improve the security copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr healthcare data systems. healthcare systems developer bowhead health has issued aht coin with the goal improving security medical data systems via the blockchain. particular interest the 'smart contract' feature erc, which validates limited access organization individual only the appropriate data. aht coin issued bowhead health can only purchased ethereum, but cannot traded freely. improve liquidity lnc can traded for aht coins, all the while maintaining the highest level security sensitive medical data. ind: indorse token scr: indorse score ico white paper linker esports the republic korea (south korea), esports have developed one the most popular spectacles. january the first augmented reality (ar) game "pokemon go" launched south korea. reality gaming group ltd issues rccoin gold and silver, which can used the game make purchases. rccoin are also based erc protocol for the security and protection the player's digital assets. rccoin are only available ethereum, and can only traded rgg's exchanged. linking these gaming coins lnc the value and stability these coins can secured. linker entertainment the global music industry embraced digitization and reached the total revenue billion usd that revenue expected from digital sales and subscriptions. while digital music services have been boon for music lovers, can deprive artist revenue, and deprive them royalties due copyright infringement. blockchain based digital music market vibrate, based slovenia, uses its vib coin protect the intellectual assets the musicians and provide them with revenue stream directly. vib coin can used various ways such purchasing premium contents, buying event tickets etc. the linker project would allow music lovers easily transfer other coins into vib get the latest song, purchase tickets for the hottest concerts. copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr linker job market people are increasingly participating the gig economy, where they take short term employment for specific tasks, maximizing both their income and their work like balance. bitjob erc based job market platform run smart contract. employers and applicants are rated each other and co-workers the platform. tokens are distributed for active participating the market. payments are processed with the escrow function the smart contract. employer set the settlement amount and conditions using tokens and via contract with the applicant. bitjob envisions large business networking platform like linkedin, but with added transparency, security, and integrated payments all through its implementation the ico white paper blockchain. the largest risk this project that the supply and demand both employers and applicants mismatched. the supply and demand mismatches, coins issued bitjob may constrained the bitjob. linker project addresses this need linking the job market platform like bitjob the wider market. result, linker project creates the network which copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr links job market network provide more opportunities both employers and applicants. ico white paper linke coin architecture introduction current networks for crypto-currency exchange are not flexible. each coin issued through ico creates its own unique network. social networks, healthcare service networks, payment networks, e-sports networks, and gambling all exist solid and isolated around their proprietary coin. while each these coins can function well within its limited network, they lack the flexibility, liquidity, and the breath which comes from being convertible each other (and other coins). it's like country whose national currency cannot exchanged; that nation's economy, citizens, and foreign visitors all suffer. linker coin like exchange bureau allowing travelers and citizens alike freely exchange currencies suit their needs. earnings from gambling networks can purchase game items; job seekers can provide references and referrals through their social networks, and healthcare networks can underwritten the latest hit single top the charts. linker coin designed medium exchange connecting all these segregated virtual ecosystems into one true copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr network networks. ico white paper network networks figure linker project overview figure shows schematic how linker coin will integrate these various virtual networks and the real world. networks are linked the decentralized exchange (also known 'linker'). each 'linker' then further connected the real world through centralized exchange. this means coins from disparate blockchain networks convertible each other through linker coin and are then further convertible into fiat-currencies the centralized exchange. linker coins are also convertible coins pegged fiat-currency such krwp, usdp, eurp, and jpyp. the linker coin foundation endeavors keep the value pegged coin matched their respective fiat currency. value pegged coin will promising pegged coin are owned and managed the linker coin foundation partner corporate maintain the asking price; krwp will maintain similar value with krw. pegged coins can also used the copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr e-commerce platform directly their value fixed fiat-currencies. ico white paper linker crypto-currency network each individual linker will connect specific network and collectively they make the decentralized exchange (dex). will create individual linker varieties depending the network which they connect. will develop these sequentially funds become available during the ico: ethereum linker ethereum, erc linker erc, peg linker pegged coins, semi-decen linker bitcoin, semi-decen_r linkerfrom bitcoin real world financial institutions, ethereum_r linker from ethereum real world institutions, and finally linker other coin projects and real world ... ethereum linker figure ethereum linker ethereum linker exchange system between linker coin and ethereum. linker coin designed smart contract validating the exchange with ethereum. furthermore, this system decentralized exchange built erc unlike current crypto-currency exchanges which are centralized exchange. decentralized exchange rectifies many the failings existing centralized coin exchanges such security breach, hacking, server manipulation, and copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr even compensation questionable legality. ico white paper (data feed reference https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/standardized_contract_ apis#data-feeds) uint public sellprice; uint public buyprice; function setprices(uint newsellprice, uint newbuyprice) onlyowner sellprice newsellprice; buyprice newbuyprice; function buy() payable returns (uint amount){ amount msg.value buyprice; require(balanceof[this] amount); balanceof[msg.sender] amount; balanceof[this] amount; transfer(this, msg.sender, amount); return amount; calculates the amount checks has enough sell adds the amount buyer's balance subtracts amount from seller's balance execute event reflecting the change ends function and returns function sell(uint amount) returns (uint revenue){ require(balanceof[msg.sender] amount); balanceof[this] amount; balanceof[msg.sender] amount; revenue amount sellprice; require(msg.sender.send(revenue)); this last prevent recursion attacks transfer(msg.sender, this, amount); return revenue; copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr checks the sender has enough sell adds the amount owner's balance subtracts the amount from seller's balance sends ether the seller: it's important executes event reflecting the change ends function and returns ico white paper ... decentralized linker figure decentralized linker decentralized linker the system which exchanges most erc based tokens linker coin. while many erc based tokens have been issued through various ico, most these tokens are not listed the broader crypto-currency exchange, which means investor's funds are fixed. the investors should wait until their tokens listed, though this rarely the case. even very successful tokens may not listed, due national regulations, technical difficulties, management concerns. with the decentralized linker these coins can converted into linker coin, and then further exchanged into other coin fiat-currency. the linker system, which built erc, includes 'escrow' feature; this feature that enables erc linker exchange tokens issued with the erc protocol into linker coin. for example, investor participates ico project issuing erc token, we'll call token now, the investor can neither exit the project nor withdraw token that investor would copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr have wait until the platform decides list token exchange. this entirely left the whims the project manager subject restrictions the national government where the project based. with the implementation linker coin that investor can choose amount token and send request via the linker system using escrow feature. another investor wants purchase token and their price and conditions match the decentralized linker will execute the exchange converting linker coin token within its matching engine unlike centralized exchange system which required lodging all the coins the exchange participate trade, the escrow feature only requires lodging the amount that the user wants exchange, and after certain time (e.g. blocks minutes with ethereum), the deposit refunded back the users match not found; minimizing risk. fact, every step automatically processed the smart contract; therefore, the additional risks existing centralized exchanges such credibility, bankruptcy, and external interference are minimized. pow: proof work pos: proof stake ico white paper figure decentralized linker the matching engine running the linker system removes the time-delay problem pow and pos methods. since the exchange does not interface with the buyer and seller during matching transaction the anonymity the users can guaranteed, and the trading not restricted any certain country's crypto-currency regulation the system charges processing fee 'taker' and rewards linker coin the 'seller' 'maker'. this way the linker system motivates users participate linker coin network creating liquidity. linker coin network participants are categorized into three types: speculator, arbitrager, and liquidity provider. speculator the investor holding coins from the other networks; speculators are exchanging copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr coins linker coin exit those networks. arbitragers are those who are trading between coins the linker system, endeavoring make profit. arbitrager compares the conversion price indices and their appetite for risk. the liquidity provider takes the role maker during the process exchanging other coins into linker coin take advantage the reward system. these three types users participate the linker system achieve their purpose; through the course day single user can act all three according their needs. the multiple roles user can inhabit further strength the linker coin network. certain percentage transaction fees will reverted the linker coin foundation. currently, more than one thousand coins are issued the blockchain network. linker coin will satisfy the needs the investors who are willing 'exit' the network even before the supply and demand meet the equilibrium. during this process, demand linker coin, medium trading, will rise. ico white paper ... semi-decentralized linker figure semi-decentralized linker semi-decentralized linker connects coins, like bitcoin and litecoin, which not allow smart contracts. the linker matching machine built smart contract with escrow feature and will still connect bitcoin and litecoin through semi-decentralized system which joint exchange composed centralized crypto-currency exchange and the escrow built into the linker project. investor who wants exchange bitcoin into linker coin lodges bitcoin the centralized crypto-currency exchange. the other side, investor who wants exchange linker coin into bitcoin, lodges those linker coins escrow. the matching engine finds the linker coin the escrow and the price and conditions match the engine will deliver the escrowed linker coins the initial bitcoin owner, and return the lodge bitcoin the original linker coin owner. for the safely lodged bitcoins need withdrawn from the centralized exchange upon completion the transaction. compared the decentralized linker explained .., the investor still exposed the exchange risk since one side the transaction still the centralized system. also, the investors are exposed operation risk due human error the semi semi-decentralized linker not fully executed the smart contract. the system may restricted the regulations the government overseeing the intermediary centralized exchange; similarly the trading participants' transaction history could exposed. the semi-decentralized linker system the most efficient method validate the exchange copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr linker coin and coins, which not embed smart contract. the linker coin foundation will continue work developing fully decentralized system which can embraced all coins. ico white paper ... peg linker figure peg linker pegged crypto-currency are fixed the value their respective fiat-currency. for example, crypto-currency development company, tether designed usd tether (usdt) which synchronized with the value usd. tether actively manages their exchange such that one usdt always equals usd. pegged crypto-currencies are especially useful e-commerce retailers, they not want exposed the high fluctuations currently listed crypto-currencies. for example the bitcoins used buy sweater online may increase decrease far beyond the value the sweater the time the reltailer can convert them. usdt crypto-currency pegged usd can used just like fiat currency store. linker coin exchageable pegged crypto-currency through linker. linker coin foundation takes the role maintating the value the pegged crypto-currency and provides the necessary liquidity. since pegged crypto-currency's value stable, could practically used buy sell copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr products. however, the existing system not usable because the low transaction speed due indefinite finality pow and pos. the existing system are built pow and pos consensus systems; requiring enough time prove the transaction. average this process takes six blocks, which means that bitcoin purchase takes hour prove and ethereum purchase takes full minute. furthermore, there uncertainty the block were the transaction recorded will included larger, complete, blockchain. alleviate this problem, pbft (practical byzantine fault tolerance) consensus algorithm solves the indefinite finality problem, and validates the transaction almost instantly. ico white paper ... linker yet issued coin created new network, that network can linked the linker network two ways; the network embeds the smart contract, the network links the linker coin through the decentralized linker system, otherwise the network links through the semi-decentralized linker system. linker real network ... semi-decen_r linker each country, financial institution and the governmental organizations have started accpet bitcoin, but bitcoin built pow, which delays the confirmation time. furthermore, the blockchain separates due repeated proofs work, the transaction may reversed; therefore, while the time for creating block ten minutes, but the whole process validate transaction takes hour. this too slow for financial institutions and government organization and new substitute technology required. lightning network example one these new substitute technologies. processes the transaction data external network and calls the final results the transaction when ready; this drastically enhances transaction speeds. also uses htcls(hashed time-lock contracts) prevent the abuse the system. linker coin foundation will provide the system embeds the lightning network other enhanced networks validate the transaction between users and financial institution governmental organization. propose call the system 'semi-decen_r linker' which means the linker connecting the linker coin and the real world (e.g. fianacial institution) through semi-decentralized linker. ... ethereum_r linker copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr semi-decen_r linker the transaction network connecting bitcoin financial institutions for linker coin users; ethereum_r linker the transaction network connecting ethereum and financial institutions. just bitcoin transaction speed enhanced the lightning network, ethereum transaction speed enhanced the network such raven network. the linker coin foundation will provide system applying the newest technology connect the linker coin users with their financial institutions. proposed system will called 'ethereum_r linker'. ico white paper centralized exchanges for linker coin currently, linker coin foundation confirmed the establishment the crypto-currency exchange with btc trader the republic korea, and linker coin foundation manages the exchange through joint operation protocol with btc trader. furthermore, linker coin foundation will launch the crypto-currency exchanges major markets around the world including europe, southeast asia, africa, south america, etc. linker coin foundation provides the liquidity and also maintains the value the pegged crypto-currency. copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr figure centralized exchanges for linker coin ico white paper establishing exchange for cryptocurrency-based derivatives ... background: importance liquidity and market completeness cryptocurrency exchange venue where cryptocurrency can exchanged for other cryptocurrencies fiat currencies. major issue with cryptocurrencies their lack liquidity; numerous examples exist where their lack liquidity has harmed investors. security (or other financial instrument) characterized liquid when significant change the volume its transactions does not alter its price significantly. the example bitcoin illustrative; has exhibited dramatic drawdowns its price, which are unacceptable for liquid instruments. one the main purposes incorporating derivatives cryptocurrency exchange better inform the participants about expected trends the underlying cryptocurrencies. let assume the example arbitrary cryptocurrency xyz. xyz upon its inception has exhibited certain price pattern. the only information that the investor has that historical price pattern, not the opinion the most informed people the cryptocurrency space how xyz going perform the future. with the incorporation derivatives the exchange this information going provided. for instance the price options reflects the opinion the most informed members the community, the market makers, about the direction volatility. there are many examples where the pattern the volatility abruptly changes causing huge downturns the price the underlying assets. most the times this change the volatility came surprise because the lack information beyond historical prices. the inclusion derivatives provides more information the investors, allowing for greater stability. beyond information derivatives provide for more complete market. market for asset class not complete and does not have the tools flourish the long term does not allow its players effectively manage their risk exposure. every portfolio securities, order considered safe, has able replicated portfolio different securities. this procedure called hedging and its use imperative order prevent the effect adverse market trends. example are going exhibit the "hedging procedure plain vanilla european call option" which can hedged with long position the underlying asset and short position the risk free instrument. this means that investor takes one direction copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr one portfolio, they have take the opposite direction the hedging portfolio avoid the idiosyncrasy well the systematic risk the former portfolio. e.g., investor takes long position the underlying asset, order hedge themselves against drawdown, they will take the opposite position the hedging portfolio, i.e. they will take short position the vanilla european call option that portfolio and along position the risk free rate instrument. addition the plain vanilla european call option there are many more simple yet powerful derivatives such as: futures, swaps, and options. very interesting case the futures contract which permit the investor lock their ingoing outgoing cash flows the future with certain price, thus eliminating the effect erratic price behavior the underlying asset. assume the case firm that operates usd prevailing environment. this firm has the need ico white paper periodically purchase goods from companies that accept bitcoins. the former needs find way hedge itself against fluctuations the exchange rate between usd and bitcoin. therefore, they can enter into futures contracts wherein the purchase price bitcoin usd will predetermined. hence see the importance the existence futures contracts the cryptocurrency exchanges well. the two examples above show that derivatives can help investors. derivatives can help inform investors about the opinions market makers; and they can prove hedge against fluctuations exchange rates with the use futures contracts. these are just two examples how derivatives help stabilize and complete market. ... market players: hedgers, speculators, and arbitrageurs generally, there are three groups players with distinct incentives that are active the financial derivatives markets: hedgers investor who looking reduce his risk exposure asset class taking opposite position the risk otherwise exposed to. see the example mentioned with call option and its replication with position the underlying asset and position the risk free instrument. another example would investor holding long stock position and buying put option for protection against downward price movements. the goal reduce risk. speculators speculator someone who hypothesize about future movements asset and takes derivative position accordingly, without most likely owning the underlying asset. the goal maximize profit taking position. arbitrageurs order for market efficient, players should trust the pricing accurate reflection the equilibrium between supply and demand for that instrument. arbitrageurs exploit market imperfections and inefficiencies their advantage, which turn increases the trust and efficiency the market for that asset class, well increasing its copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr liquidity. the goal maximize profit without taking position. ... pricing cryptocurrency-based derivatives our goal linker coin provide liquidity all the instruments trading the market. necessary condition provide liquidity supply the investors with much accurate information possible make correct market decisions. though the introduction derivatives the pricing will more transparent the markets will: reflect the opinion the experts ii) give the investors the opportunity replicate one portfolio with another portfolio thus giving the investor the opportunity compare. iii) give the investors the opportunity protect themselves from adverse price movement ico white paper through put options through futures contracts. imperative have all the three groups (hedgers, speculators, and arbitrageurs) present the cryptocurrency exchange order for the cryptocurrency market thrive. without functioning derivatives market, virtually impossible hedge position, let alone arbitrage away price inefficiencies. fact, and probably rightly so, the cryptocurrency asset currently perceived vehicle "make quick buck" and run away with the profits. furthermore, functioning derivatives market the bedrock which healthy exchanges any asset class are built upon. specifically for the cryptocurrency space, this would allow the investors to: hedge the significant volatility that has been typical far for this asset class. pursue the additional profit through the speculation. from market dynamics perspective, would naive expect the pricing cryptocurrency- based derivative instruments behave the same way that their counterparts based stocks, interest rates, currencies do. example, based some initial research and the recent market exuberance with regard cryptocurrencies, seemed appropriate include confidence gage the beta pricing model for european option like derivatives. the linker coin vision provide venue foster transparency, price discovery, and risk transfer capabilities for crypto-based derivatives. ... our vision for healthy cryptocurrency market ecosystem the aftermath the global financial crisis the expression "financial derivative" has acquired negative connotation, mostly for the wrong reasons. overly complex derivatives, which did not serve economic purpose and had rich fees embedded their valuation that caused the collapse the financial system. now helpful take step back order fully understand the rationale the vision linker coin. the cryptocurrency space still very early stage and tremendous amount research, experience, and trial and error needed reach steady state where confidence high and liquidity guaranteed. linker coin proposes the pioneer and hence initial liquidity and price provider for linker coin and other crypto-currencies. are currently conducting copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr research for the benefit the crypto-assets ecosystem, allow flourish and develop. ico white paper cryptocurrency leveraged index series ... launch crytocurrency leveraged index series linker coin foundation plans launch the bitcoin ethereum leveraged index series view the growing demand for indexes with customized cryptocurrency investment strategies. cryptocurrency leveraged index series comprise two indexes which are the leveraged versions the bitcoin index ethereum index with different levels leverage. the indexes are designed replicate the payoff leveraged portfolio, and they can used the basis exchange-traded funds and derivatives. leve rat leve rage ind tcoi leve rage ind "btc leve rage ind eth ... background: cryptocurrency leveraged index series the bitcoin ethereum leveraged index index that linked the movements the bitcoin ethereum with leverage factor two. addition the amplified return the bitcoin ethereum, the borrowing cost for leveraging investment stocks and the stamp duty entailed portfolio rebalancing also reflected the index. ... calculation for today's closing index yesterday's closing index (index return) interest cost stamp duty rebalancing} yesterday's closing indexx{ it- )(libor dt,t- )|( it)/( it- copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr fee]} refl eve rage rat cal ays and ove ibor val cur ind ste ay's ind stock rad **note: the leveraged index drops percent the time calculation compared the closing price the last trading day t-, the stop loss mechanism will triggered and the index calculation will suspended. ico white paper dma open source and key features ethereum linker: decentralized exchange built erc protocol present detailed information the crypto-currency exchange launching december the republic korea open source and key features decentralized linker: decentralized exchange between linked coin and erc tokens. present foreign crypto-currency exchange establishment plan launch ethereum wallet service launch erc linker coin *if erc tokens are not viable exchange, the linker coin protocol will remain erc for that exchange. launch crypto-currency exchange coinx the republic korea (coinx.co.kr) the schedule can delayed. list linker coin coinx: cryptocurrency exchange execute decentralized exchange with existing erc tokens develop crypto-currency index and exchange rate index list pegged coin coinx and develop trading platform connecting the schedule can delayed. copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr linker coin pegged coin develop the e-commerce crypto-currency exchange platform validating e-commerce use pegged coin launch additional foreign cryptocurrency exchange and establish the international e-commerce network develop semi-decentralized linker: decentralized exchange between bitcoin/litecoin and linker coin develop ethereum_r linker high speed transaction platform: transaction between ethereum and financial institution ico white paper develop semi-decentralized_r linker high speed transaction platform: transaction between bitcoin/litecoin and financial institution copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr **the road map the foundation can changed the votes the token holders. ico white paper lnc toke info atio token distribution total token supply: (%) ico token supply (including pre-sales): (%) team: (%) -annual maximum number distribution per person entity lnc founder: (%) -annual maximum number distribution per person entity lnc advisor partner: (%) -annual maximum number distribution per person entity lnc operation: lnc (%) reserve: lnc (%) -limit reserve's amount selling lnc per year safe deposit coin subject: token distributed founder advisor partner team date clearance: one year after the distribution advisor could sell linker coin token received, and rest tokens will held the safe deposit for one year. expense distribution tech development: marketing: operation: partnership/consulting: administration: legal expenses: market making expenses: copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr **the board directors (co-founders) the linker coin foundation might resort modify the distribution expenses the foundation this necessary for the well-being the foundation and the project attached it. ico white paper ico schedule funding coin: eth minimum amount funding: eth starting time pre-sales and crowd-sales: p.m. (utc) ... pre-sale token supply: lnc ico token supply) date: p.m. (utc) p.m. (utc) method: dutch auction starting dutch auction price: eth maximum amount transferred per transaction: eth the amount transferred per transaction exceeds eth and less equal eth then the transaction going placed pre-sale. soon number order exceeds the token supplied pre-sale, next order transfers pre-sale order. among the pre-sale participants, lottery winners will rewarded with lnc (winning rate proportional the amount token purchased, and the winners will announced days after the pre-sale) unsold tokens will sold price with depreciation rate percent per day. below the tenth decimal place will dropped after calculating the price. ... pre-sale token supply: lnc ico token supply) date: p.m. (utc) p.m. (utc) starting price: raised price from final price previous auction maximum amount transferred per transaction: eth the amount transferred per transaction exceeds eth and less equal eth then the transaction going placed pre-sale. soon number order exceeds the token supplied pre-sale, next order transfers pre-sale order. among the pre-sale participants, lottery winners will rewarded with lnc copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr (winning rate proportional the amount token purchased, and the winners will announced days after the pre-sale) below the tenth decimal place will dropped after calculating the price. ico white paper ... pre-sale token supply: lnc ico token supply) date: p.m. (utc) p.m. (utc) starting price: raised price from the pre-sale maximum amount transferred per transaction: eth the amount transferred per transaction exceeds eth and less equal eth then the transaction going placed crowd sale. soon number order exceeds the token supplied pre-sale, next order transfers crowd-sales order. among the pre-sale participants, lottery winners will rewarded with lnc (winning rate proportional the amount token purchased, and the winners will announced days after the pre-sale) below the tenth decimal place will dropped after calculating the price. ... crowd-sales token supply: lnc ico token supply) date: p.m. (utc) p.m. (utc) tier price (before sales lnc): raised price from the pre-sale tier price (after sales lnc): raised price from the pre-sale tier price (after sales lnc): raised price from the pre-sale tier price (after sales lnc): raised price from the pre-sale maximum amount transferred per transaction: eth soon number order exceeds the token supplied crowd-sale, exceeded order will refunded. below the tenth decimal place will dropped after calculating the price. ... bounty system person who reports linker coin seller unannouced linker coin foundation will rewarded with bounty. copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr bounty: lnc ico white paper important notification about ico participation ethereum transaction records will publicized after ico. ... kyc aml collection and use personal information kyc aml will conducted after crowd-sales. linker coin will distributed after kyc aml. for case participant impossible conduct kyc aml participant rejects the kyc /aml procedure then the transferred amount will returned less charge fee. name ico participants will publicized. country requests kyc and aml, the personal information will provided the country. european general data protection regulation (gdpr) applied. kyc, aml, and gdpr information will provided through the attachment. policy collection and use personal information will provided through the attachment. ico participant can request the review the modification the elimination their personal information. ... restriction linker coin ico participation linker coin ico will not accept any transaction from any participant who has u.s. citizenship, singapore citizenship, and china citizenship. linker coin ico cannot take place prohibited country. minimum age participant: above regarding the law each country, legal age participating the investment has submit relevant document proof legitimacy. received fund from the restricted participants will returned after kyc and aml procedure (kyc and aml procedure restricted participants would take approximately days.) ico pariticipant has well-aquainted with "important notification about ico participation" and must aware the risk particiapting ico. all the transferred ethereum will transferred linker coin foundation days from the copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr date linker coin ico ends. ico white paper references https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/white-paper https://github.com/ethereum/eips/issues/ https://bitjob.io/ copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr https://bowheadhealth.com/ https://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/erc_token_standard https://unikrn.com/ https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/standardized_contract_ apis#data-feeds practical byzantine fault tolerance, miguel castro and barbara liskov laboratory for computer science, massachusetts institute technology, technology square, cambridge, the bitcoin lightning network: scalable off-chain instant payments, joseph poon thaddeus dryja, janua copyright linker coin info@blockbank.co.kr ico white paper