linkey blockchain world bank whitepaper content abstract.......................................................................................................... background................................................................................................... development digital currency.................................................... problems digital currency investment...................................... vision linkey................................................................................. linkey.......................................................................................................... decentralized digital asset financial platform.......................... professional digital asset investment services......................... intelligent financial community for digital asset.................... system architecture........................................................................... road map.................................................................................................... disclaimer.................................................................................................... abstract linkey blockchain world bank (simple linkey), the first decentralized financial services institution supplies professional digital asset related product the world. based the advanced public chain and community technicians and financial elites from the world, linkey provides comprehensive, safe, convenient and professional asset management and value-added services customers. linkey covers the business scope like savings, investment banking, insurance trust, futures, investment management and wealth management the digital asset area and promotes the development digital asset investment. with abundant digital financial services, linkey provides safe, convenient and decentralized one-stop digital asset investment management program. customers can join the lower risk business, like saving and deposit traditional bank; otherwise, customers can also invest financial products with low medium level risk; even more, future products, private funds and ico related products with high risk and profits are also supplied customers. through the comprehensive digital asset investing services, customers can choose and allocate their digital asset investment plan freely, which will greatly enhance the professional and effectiveness their digital asset investment. fig. diagram linkey's financial ecology background development digital asset the concept block chain was firstly introduced satoshi nakamoto when his article titled bitcoin: peer peer electronic cash system was published soon january discovered the founding block with the first version the software which included this idea: "the times /jan/ chancellor brink second bailout for banks." like the charm, this idea opened the era block chain and digital asset. thanks the huge development prospects block chain technology, has gained popular attention and support. basic support technology, block chain gradually became independent and has been applied variety scenarios, i.e., the emergence variety digital asset based this concept (such litecoin, dog coins, swiss coins, etc.). the same time, all kinds general professional public-linked platforms (such ethereum, neo, ipfs, etc.) also developed rapidly. currently, projects based block chain technology have evolved from the initial digital asset finance, development tools, storage, transactions, data, environmental protection and even artificial intelligence. deloitte's latest report shows that the total number block chain projects the world has exceeded but there are still lot issues the vertical area that need brought light block chain technology. problems digital asset investment despite the growth block chain technology the number projects that have sprung and the fact that still rapid development stage, various issues the block chain field have been exposed along with its high-speed brutal growth, such the fraud ico(which the short form initial coin offering)and various types false projects. great damage has been done the growing digital asset market, which has deeply disturbed the future the block chain and the upcoming investors. fig.. the status blockchain development digital asset investment with high risk since the block chain has not yet been supervised (its technical features are also designed reduce supervision), the ico block chain project also walks away from existing laws and regulations. without any restrictions, ico the block chain project can only rely the self-discipline the project party. unfortunately, human nature always flawed and unrealistic self-discipline under regulatory supervision. the bottomless expropriation status block chain field revealed various running away with money activity and valueless virtual coins publishing numerous block chain projects. addition the chaotic financing, block chain projects generally issue tokens. after the soaring bitcoin, the digital asset market advocated have hundreds earnings. but the reality cruel. bitcoin has plummeted after soaring. explosive appreciation hard see today's world. instead, after the tokens passed ico and can transacted, the projects party pulled the price intentionally for cashing and then leaf, without any responsibility for the token holders the projects. although there are also high-quality and responsible projects that continue push forward the development the block chain, overall, the current digital asset market extremely turbulent, and the return ordinary investors not high while the risk infinite. participants lack knowledge the lack supervision lies not only block chain projects, but also the entire digital asset market, where investors receive only simple identity audits. this kyc (know your customer) which has substantive significance. the almost unlimited access mechanism allows large number groups with risk management awareness even investment experience. joining the crisis the digital asset market, most the existing investors are unable identify and analyze the authenticity and prospect the block chain project. however, not only are individual investors unprofessional the digital asset market, even traditional financial practitioners cannot described professional because the conventional assessment indicators and quantitative strategies are often ineffective here due the emerging and specific nature the block chain field. the group investors with extremely low average professionalism one the main reasons for the chaos the current block chain field. high cost for individual investors apart from the risk the market itself, the most important thing decentralize the block chain design. this design takes into account the cost the contract execution, which the transfer fee. the early days, fees were almost negligible when the value single digital asset was not high. however, when the price digital currencies (such bitcoin) soared, the original transfer fees would inflate into considerable transaction costs. the rising transaction costs greatly limit the freedom participants personal digital asset market trade. the same time, the original important application scenario digital asset--payment, has also been greatly constrained, even the point where cannot done without modifying the rules, and these will further restrict the development the block chain industry. difficult for appreciation high volume digital currency asset after explosive growth, the digital asset market still smaller scale compared the traditional financial markets. the same time, because the immense ico generates large number tokens, most the funds are distracted them. due the lack fast and stable circulation channels, the entire digital asset market can't develop certain depth. high volume digital asset assets cannot quickly transferred and realize value increasing. one wants transfer high volume digital asset assets without significant impact the market, he/she needs conduct long-term trading operations, which very difficult for investors accept and the same time constricted the appreciation high volume assets the currency market. lack investment channel the holders digital asset assets have very limited investment channels, and they are often exposed only the extreme risky ico and currency speculation the exchange. how connect the digital asset with the real economy problem that has been explored the block chain industry. although lot innovations and attempts have been made, still difficult for individual investors have access new investment channels until the potential risks brought decentralization are completely detected and controlled. the scarcity investment scenarios traps the unprofessional investors the crippling digital asset market, which severely reduces the life cycle investors. the return chance investors very small. potential new investors become conservative and hesitate. the shrinking trading market eventually brought about negative impact the development the block chain industry. vision linkey linkey's mission bring appropriate digital asset financial products and services all investors through block chain technology and professional communities, explore and build decentralized stable digital asset financial ecology through block chain technology and protect and guide block chain investors avoid risks and realize asset appreciation, and ultimately help change the chaos the block chain industry and digital asset market. linkey will greatly enhance the professional level investment the existing digital asset market. through series smart contract-based financial products and smart financial community services, linkey investors are longer fully exposed risks. what's more, also provides better investment, circulation, and inheritance channels for digital asset assets. return, the linkey investors who get profits will also feedback the society, which can create virtuous cycle financial ecology. linkey also very innovative system which will not stick the existing product and service design the future. embraces all innovations that are beneficial the development investors and blockchains, and continues enhance and stabilize its professionalism, authority and influence the digital asset market. linkey since bitcoin, block chain-based digital asset appeared, people have kept innovating the application scenarios for block chains. various block chain projects have mushroomed from the initial decentralized currency applications for specific scenarios, i.e., high level ethlend for borrowing, ipfs for storage and underlying public-linked r&d such ethereum, neo. the ico and block chain division mechanism has brought great convenience the financing block chain projects and the participation ordinary people. before this, the soaring prices digital currencies attracted large number people who are optimistic about the future the block chain and participate this feast. it's pity that after explosive growth the digital asset world has begun cool this time. various types valueless currency projects have greatly hurt investors. countries the world have begun notice the craziness blockchains and started take regulatory measures. the original bright blockchain becomes extremely dangerous now and may eat all the wealth investors. result, these negative environmental changes are killing investors' enthusiasm and confidence the blockchain. although the current block chain chaos, this does not change the fact that block chain has great development prospects. decentralization and digital asset the future will once again greatly liberate people's productivity. based this, can assert that block chain and digital asset have continuous and strong investment value now and the future, although longer era gold. linkey shining light this troubled world block chains for investors explore the value the road and guide the confused digital asset investment. building its own block chain financial platform and integrating series financial services, linkey has built stable digital asset ecosystem that integrates the wisdom the community which linkey investors will longer directly exposed block chain investment risks and provide them with the urgently needed digital asset enhancement services. using its tokens the subject, linkey provides digital asset services digital currencies circumvent the regulatory risks governments from all over the world, which allows itself implement its own philosophy without worrying and bring maximum value investors. next, will introduce linkey more detail from two perspectives: decentralized digital asset financial platforms and professional digital asset investment service agencies. decentralized digital asset financial platform for traditional financial institutions, the financial products they design and provide often fail maximize the interests investors due the influence centralized policies and the will the leadership. the same time, the activities traditional financial institutions, investors' funds must escrowed third parties and pay high hosting costs for this purpose due regulatory needs. relying block chain technology, the linkey platform will longer require third-party funds for supervision. this advantage allows linkey reduce indirect expenses when conducts financial activities, allowing investors obtain greater returns. decentralization allows investors have the opportunity participate financial product design. linkey can consider more for investors when designing its own financial products. present, are planning investment products with different levels risk, bringing rich choices investors with different risk preferences. our products are divided into three major categories: low-risk savings and payments, medium-risk insurance and funds, and high-risk futures and options. saving and payment method ... savings: with idle money, many littles makes mickle wallet exchange had promised that the deposits investors generate interests before linkey. the appreciation investors' digital assets was merely realized through transactions investment. the tremendous risks the digital asset market, however, may lead incredible loss even investors are involved. was matter luck whether the digital asset assets investor appreciate depreciate the investor did not engage transactions. the external impact and earnings would also zero since the assets were idle the investor's personal account, which would great waste such resource. linkey, the linkey coins investor deposited the platform are managed the community. such community acts like the bank which absorbs idle coins the platform offer loans internally, exchange them into eths according current exchange rate and invest legally permitted aspects outside. comparison with regular investors and their small-amount investments, the professional investors the platform and their large-amount investments have more stable profitability and stronger size effect. most investment incomes will returned investors interests, and the remaining will used the operational and reserve funds the community. people around the world all have easy access linkey coins, which means that linkey coins can invested any place where they are trusted and their values are recognized. decentralized investment may become free from geopolitics and focus looking for and studying valuable investment opportunities. ... payment: the continuous source energy for linkey cash flow extremely important for anyone who wishes have more dynamic digital asset, and payment transaction serves one the core elements that enable rapid capital movement. result, not only the linkey platform capable raising and circulating idle funds like what banks do, the settlement function that guarantees the energy digital asset also greatly supported. investors may swipe their cards make transactions with merchants who accept linkey coins eth payment. ensure transaction rate, lightning network introduced the linkey platform support high concurrency scenarios. known decentralized currency, there will price problems resulted from exchange rate wherever investor makes payment the world with linkey coins. meanwhile, extra fees will charged for such settlement that investors will free from the concern paying high service charge for small-amount payment. saving and payment not only solve the issue idle digital asset, but also provides continuous and brisk demand for linkey coins. insurance and capital fund ... insurance: making digital asset shield for investors, digital asset double-edged sword for them struggle against others the capital market digital asset they hold their assets today. brings significant returns, and brings incredible losses too. traditional insurance business finds difficult provide regular services for digital asset assets and owners because the particularity digital asset and its highly undulant market whether from the perspectives benefits supervision. digital asset-based insurance designed linkey platform from the perspectives capital financing and risk management order increase the use values digital asset assets. the community will design the following but not limited products such personal insurance, property insurance, liability insurance, and credit and guarantee insurance, entirely covering the complicated insurance needs digital asset investors. the insurance products linkey will completely based the construction block chain: customer information stored with ipfs service, and smart contract employed construct brand new insurance service system. thanks the block chain technology, the insurance models linkey will completely different from traditional ones: decentralization indicates that the insurance businesses linkey are not produced for lucrative purposes. the adjustments each cash pooling for claims are accessible each policy holder that they may intuitionistically analyze the risk levels insurance products; decentralization also opens the insurance products linkey investors around the world. the capacious sales channels mean that linkey will have enormous cash pooling for claims provide strong safeguard for policy holders long the products are reasonably designed; for customers, insurance products are shifting from absolutely centralized and spatially anchored patterns point-to-point products, that the claims can automatically paid from the cash pooling the smart contract long the claim conditions the contract are triggered regardless time wherever you are; with ipfs, the storage and archiving range policy holders' information can expanded linkey, including but not limited accidents, health data entries, routine data and relevant certifications. customer data that can never lost tampered will provide reliable applications that are independent from third-party supervision such identity recognition, privacy and security for the insurance businesses digital asset, that the risks insurance fraud linkey platform can greatly decreased. the insurance businesses linkey serve the protective shield for digital asset assets which are only invasive. with linkey insurance products, shield that originated from digital asset assets themselves provided investors fight the fierce market. ... fund: professional value appreciation for investors most investors entered the market and are involved the exchange due the tempting handsome profit and demonstration effect because the lack access system for investors the digital asset market. they are ill-informed the basic knowledge and operational laws the market. now that the explosive growth bygone and risks are becoming increasingly higher, investors who have abilities and energy control risks are almost lamb the slaughterhouse. linkey gathers the wisdom elite fund managers the community and provides investment options with higher returns yet lower risks comparison with savings for investors and designs professional digital asset fund products for them. the all-weather digital asset market and linkey platform without any geographic limitations provide immense transaction space and customer groups for linkey funds,and they will obtain sharp ratio that far higher than that individual investors due size effect. the volume funds linkey platform will much smaller than the volume savings, hence more flexible management ways, and higher tolerance against risks. investors can garner more benefits high-risk transactions. all these fund-based activities will organized and planned the fund elites linkey community who guarantee provide the most professional fund management for investors. lastly, the funds raised linkey platform will managed block chain trust, avoiding unnecessary oversight fees for investors and maximizing their gains. futures and options:let risk manage risk the moment, the value digital asset not much related its corresponding products and teams because the participation unprecedented scale speculators. what's more, the currency value certain teams keeps dropping simply because they are working hard their products while the currency value some "air projects" keep increasing because capital speculation. high-quality project resource always scarce spite chaotic market. scarceness leads options, and options lead costs and risks. given the circumstance that there aren't too many high-quality digital asset derivatives, even the best investors cannot make the most precise decisions because the future unpredictable and everyone exposed risks. futures and share options are the most needed financial derivatives today's digital asset market because the following reasons: with the futures transaction digital asset, the open biddings different investors towards futures contract may effectively reflect the expectation the investors about the project. also, investors can constantly adjust their opinions about how they used view the project development with the successive sales standard contracts that the futures price digital asset can dynamically reflect the changes the project development. such dynamic price discovery and pre-adjustment mechanisms can provide reasonable basis for the project leader make development decisions. with the price discovery function, the development and competition the project can promoted, the fluctuation digital asset can effectively alleviated, and the currency price can better conform with the expectation project development; even though futures are able stabilize the market certain extent, linkey still believes that the market need perfect options transaction counterbalance mechanism that the market can further stabilized. one the features options being optional, that you would earn much when you choose right and wouldn't loss heavily the other way around, which different from futures, because you don't have execute your rights. with the existence many options investors known volatile arbitragers, the volatility the market will suppressed. linkey designing the transaction functions futures and options order further stabilize the financial market digital asset and make the currency price more reasonable and predictable: linkey develops standard contracts with the standards for digital asset futures developed the community (including currency type, quality, quantity and price etc.) establishing self-owned futures market, that shoddy behaviors today's market can effectively avoided and the quality transactions can improved, and the transaction cost can reduced. the contract performance all trading parties can better guaranteed linkey establishes margin system, initial margin paid, maintenance marginal requirements, and lowers the probability violation increasing violation costs. the contract digital asset futures seen the subject matter options, and the american style option adopted for rights exercising, namely the buyer may exercise the rights the date contract expiration any trading day before. linkey has designed rules and regulations according international practices while its own risk-control system maintained such real-value option contract may automatically apply for rights exercising the date expiration, the rights exercising matching principle that randomly and evenly extracted, capital and positions inspection before rights exercising, hedge choice such two-way positions options well futures positions after the rights exercising options. based community research, linkey will gradually open the transaction futures and options digital asset that are deemed qualified. when the market the futures and options digital asset linkey matures, may provide additional help stabilize the digital asset market. asset trust based blockchain traditional asset trust, the asset trustee accepts the entrustment investor and takes care the assets, and provides relevant financial services such investment liquidation, financial accounting, asset valuation, investment supervision, information disclosure and account checking etc. the main steps asset trust include signing trusteeship contract, opening account, valuating the value, liquidating the capital, supervising the investment, disclosing information and checking the account. the process fairly complicated and involves high degree manual participation. the main risks asset trust include legal risks, operational risks and reputational risks. the consortium block chain used the model for linkey realize the online signing trusteeship contract, operate the asset according the indexes investment supervision, control and follow the smart contract process trusted assets, valuate data storage and update structuralization and automation processes, that entire process starting from asset issuing, trading, trust, circulation supervision can based block chain. the specific design shown follows: linkey divides the nodes block chain into the following types, including asset manager, asset trust, exchange and registration and clearing company (any third-party information provided classified this type) well supervisor; for data security, each node shall encrypt the transactions with the public key the receiver (mostly the asset trustee) when sending transactions and sign them with private key the sender. for business process reengineering, the most complicated process out all asset trust business processes would valuation the trusted products because the accounting subjects and titles trusted products can updated each valuation. result, the data logging each block shall upgraded; the accounting subjects and titles shall upgraded with the staging tree eth. for the consensus mechanism, the bookkeeping asset trust the trustees shall kept the asset trustee. view business continuity, the blocks the block chain asset trust business shall still remain the node known the asset trustee. so, which asset trustee may generate block? may develop selection algorithm and consensus mechanism according the status quo the business. for the use smart contract, the open-source eth block chain platform can chosen the technological platform view the development status quo block chain technology and the implementing efficiency the block chain asset trust business, and block chain can technologically modified according the needs business. the contracts and agreements, and even the transactions and information disclosure can done online, automated and intelligentized among consignors, managers and trustees with smart contract. the manual cost and procedures for digital asset trust are greatly reduced linkey with block chain, bringing convenience and reducing cost for the asset trust activities investors. fig.. procedures linkey's asset trust professional digital asset investment services digital asset market very similar the traditional financial market terms investor types, which consist large number individual investors and institutional investors. linkey's financial trading platform satisfies the needs individual investors, but individual investors require more because they have larger funds and need more professional and customized services. order fully cover the trading subjects digital asset market, linkey provides financial services such market for institutional investors, including consultant and sale for ico and private fund. consultant and sale for ico since comes into being, block chain has developed its own unique financing way: whitepaper. however, due the growth participants and the disturbance air projects, the financing block chain projects has entered white-hot stage, and the whitepaper alone cannot make the project stand out the fierce competition. good project requires more than white paper before its successful ico. generally speaking, the case that the sponsor not familiar with the digital asset market, wants sell its currency, will take lot human and financial resources. the currency does not sell well, will affect the project's fund arrangement plans. especially, most the sponsors are start-ups, and they not have sufficient funds engage such work. besides, although many institutions provide ico consignment services, due lack efficient supervision, sometimes they just disappear, which severely affects the sponsor's reputation and the ico results. order alleviate the dilemmas block chain project financing, based community intelligence, linkey provides ico consulting and sales services the digital asset market. linkey can provide complete set ico solutions premium sponsors: research report and feasibility analysis report for technology/market segmentation; professional technology/business audit and whitepaper compiling; promotion and sales: four common cooperation ways: exclusive sales, tender for purchase, sales proxy and sponsorship marketing; finance design: including financial audit, financial system design, and internal financial control; project compliance: clarifying historical evolution and ensuring that everything line with the laws and regulations the competent region. benefiting from linkey's professional ico services, block chain sponsors can focus technological and business innovations and will not troubled project running and financing issues, thus accelerating the development block chain. the meantime, linkey not only serve for the sponsors, but also offers valuable reference for ordinary digital asset investors based its intelligent financial communities' selection projects private fund for professional asset management, linkey launches fund for all investors, which belongs public placement. similar the traditional financial market, the digital asset market has investors with different anti-risk ability and value. among them, high-net-worth investors with high anti-risk ability are core target group linkey services. based community voting, outstanding fund managers are selected form the digital asset private fund division the linkey's intelligent financial community, who are responsible for designing new digital-currency private funds. private funds own more specific target investors, linkey team will probably customize investment service products for customers that the risks and gains the portfolios will satisfy the customers' special investment requirements. similar the traditional private funds, linkey private fund also has some entry and exit limits, shown below: limited the fund size and investor quantity, linkey private fund has threshold linkey coins isolate ordinary investors with weak risk tolerance. with the increase linkey's ecological inflation, future private funds may have higher thresholds; linkey private fund has least one-year lockup period during which the investors cannot withdraw capital arbitrarily. they want so, they shall follow the contract clauses ensure the stability and fluidity the capital. encountering such investors, linkey can effectively restrict their short-sighted behavior. compared linkey public fund, linkey private fund can offer the following benefits for high-net-worth investors: through the lockup period, private fund manager boasts more authority managing private funds compared public funds and achieves more flexible investment management during such period. they not have prepare some money current account response the customers' redemption public funds. this way, the overall investment gains the funds are increased; private fund boasts higher entry threshold and more reasonable investors. their partnership can effectively reduce the fluidity risk the private fund, and bring more benefits the investors; private fund boasts simple structure and flexible operation mechanism, and owns more freedom terms daily management and investment decision-making; private fund generally employs financial leverage, which reaches several times even dozens times. special circumstances, the leverage will higher. through such operation, the capital size can largely expanded break through the limitations insufficient investment capital and acquire more benefits. therefore, linkey's financial services have basically covered current investors digital asset markets and met their needs. yet, this just beginning. the future, linkey will follow the development digital asset market and develop more financial products and services line with the needs digital asset market better serve the investors linkey financial ecosystem and create more value for them. diagram advantages linkey private fund intelligent financial community for digital asset intelligent financial community core part linkey, which operated based block chain serve for the planning, design and implementation all linkey products. linkey intelligent financial community mainly consists financial elites from all over the world. also welcomes the participation outstanding talents from all industries. linkey considers that, community embracing land that incorporates all kinds talents. the community intelligence not only reflected the depth finance, but also its breath. only this way can the community stand fast the changing digital assetmarket. linkey intelligent financial community sets branches the basis its financial eco-business. the rotating chairman mechanism adopted the management, while oblate structure utilized within the branches. thus, the community will become more flexible, agile and innovative; its executive force and efficiency can increased, and its instruction flow complexity can reduced. community access system linkey intelligent financial community has huge demand for talents. the very beginning, the sponsor and the financial experts will the first batch community members. order guarantee the quality the community, the candidate recommendation system and voting access system will adopted. recommended community member, candidate will included the voting list. later, other randomly-selected community members will vote for/against the candidate. after winning certain number votes, the candidate will allowed officially join the linkey intelligent financial community. linkey token linkey, blockchain financial service institution, publishing our own public chain implement the core decentralize. the linkey chain fully design, implement and optimize for financial services usage. the token linkey named linkey and symbolled lky. native generated token linkey, which specially designed for linkey blockchain network and services integrate related resources, maintain the operation intelligent financial community and support the distributed applications and transactions linkey platform. the original linkey token will issued erc- standard token based ethereum network. after the release the stable publish chain, all the original linkey erc- standard token will exchanged the new linkey token, lky, ratio. all the corresponding value and rights linkey will transfer the new token. lky will used for the following purposes: rewards the computation contributors maintain the functionality and stability the linkey blockchain network. computation contribution includes: nodes linkey blockchain network, transaction verification and smart intelligent contract execution. construct relatively stable linkey financial ecosystem. through the floating mechanism the exchange rate set the smart financial community, reducing the fluctuation the token and the credit risk linkey financial ecosystem, provides relatively safe investment port investors. addition, having stable benchmark value makes lky more applicable real economy, and finally connect the linkey ecosystem real economy. lky the proof stake linkey ecology, can not only bring stable platform benefits (ex. interest savings after the proper banking product release) the investors who hold it, but also voting interest for investors participate the development linkey ecology, financial products, implementation customized services and community membership. the community decision voting mechanism not fixed, start with the lky/ rule. the change voting decision should initiated the community and contributors, triggering external vote when the voting quota exceeded the total number community and contributors. during the public voting under the voting rule generated from community, the first voting rule will replace the old one. addition the voting development linkey ecology, lky can also use for product launch voting. rewards for other non-community members, such linkey volunteers, winner competition and others. linkey token, lky, will issued finite number, totaling billi globally, million initially,and the convertibility ratio eth= lky,and the allocation plan follow: private coin offering:% mining:% team:.% technology rewards:.% community rewards:% issue plan: million advance circulation, million released every six months and totally released seven years,the first release time june system architecture architecture introduction the whole linkey platform constructed following level: application level, interface level, business service level and infrastructure level. application level, the frontend platform and dapps will hold; interface level providing service interfaces, including but not limited api, rpc, sdk etc, helps the platform and third parties implement more services customers; business service level the place where holding the core services and functionalities platform; and infrastructure level supports the whole platform and implemented blockchain technology. the infrastructure level, couples technologies are used. first, two set blockchain technologies are involved, public blockchain and private blockchain, and used different scenarios. most functionalities linkey will run public chain, and all the data will public. and private blockchain operated large institutions and linkey store the private related information. both the data storage function public and private blockchain will implemented ipfs, and public blockchain will use dpos ensure the stability and correctness. fin public blockchain, transactions, storage and broadcast can operated directly users. all the related data and records can verified public blockchain. but some functions need public blockchain and private blockchain work together, like smart financial contract and other operations. for instance, when create smart contract, can created public blockchain like the contract creation ethereum network, but also can create smart contract with some private data for some specific scenarios like mortgage contract, insurance contract and etc. the creation smart contract with private information described following. when publish specific smart contract, the contract will published public blockchain without private information, meanwhile the private blockchain will mark and authorize the related private data with the corresponding contract. once the contract being triggered, contract and data public blockchain and private blockchain will merged together and transfer proper institution executed. during the start the end the process, only the participants the contract and proper authorized organization can access the whole information the contract. innovations based the design combination public blockchain and private blockchain, more systems and products current financial system can blockchained, such the creation, operation and redemption funds. with the protection private data and supervision authorities, all the operations can running properly automatically and fully recorded. also helps linkey implement more financial products. road map based the existing resources, the road map linkey planned following: pco(private coin offering)tier one the first version functional website launches q--q fund business private blockchain q--q expand investing services q--q alpha version public and private blockchain launch q--q beta version public and private blockchain launch q--q financial platform and community platform launch .disclaimer this conceptual file ('white paper') that used describe our linkey platform and related token. this file maybe amended replaced any time without notification. linkey team has obligation update the file supply extra information readers this file. lky tokens are not intended constitute securities any other regulated product any jurisdiction. this file does not constitute prospectus nor offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer solicitation securities any regulated product any jurisdiction. this file has not been reviewed any regulatory authority any jurisdiction. *linkey ("foundation ltd") does not accept liability for our website, roadmap and whitepaper being accurate, complete up-to-date for its content nor responsible for direct, indirect, incidental consequential damages resulting from any defect, error failure perform. company's website, roadmap and white paper contain forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. such risks uncertainties materialize such assumptions prove incorrect, the results this company and its projections may differ materially from those expressed implied such forward-looking statements and assumptions. all statements other than statements historical fact are statements that could deemed forward-looking statements, including but not limited statements the plans, projected timelines, strategies and objectives management for future operations; any statements concerning expected development, performance and services; anticipated operational and financial results; any statements expectation belief; project timelines and any statements assumptions underlying any the foregoing. risks, uncertainties and assumptions include the achievement expected results and meeting projected timelines described from time time quarterly timeline. the company without assuming any liability responsibility may any time its complete discretion may decide alter modify the company's objectives and/or strategies, projected timelines, cease its operation altogether. the company assumes obligation and may update these forward-looking statements and projected timelines and when required. the website, roadmap and whitepaper are intended solely for information purposes and are not construed, under any circumstances, implication otherwise, offer sell solicitation buy sell trade any commodities, securities, currencies. information obtained from sources believed reliable but way guaranteed. guarantee any kind implied possible where projections future are attempted. you must take all necessary professional advice, including relation tax and accounting treatment. hope the lky project will highly successful. however, success not guaranteed and digital assets and platforms involve risk. you must assess the risk and your ability bear them.