linkeye blockchain-based credit alliance ---------------------------------------------------------------- white paper abstr act linkeyeis hyperledger fabric based consortium-blockchain solution facilitate global credit alliance. utilizatingblockchain technology and credit economy model enables linkeye create shared list untrusted profiles within the credit alliance through connecting isolated islands credit data, creating comprehensive, reliable credit database. this serves boost and supplement the credit system society, eventually achieving the end goal creating fairness credit access for all. linkeye project has huge significance scientific and technological level promote the development global credit-based society. linkeye-blockchain-based credit alliance contents introduction............................................................................... market capacity.......................................................................... problem......................................................................................... solution......................................................................................... why linkeye............................................................................. vision and mission...................................................................... current state credit assessment....................................... advantages................................................................................ how does linkeye work....................................................... blacklist mechanism................................................................ membership mechanism......................................................... credit mechanism.................................................................... arbitration mechanism............................................................. information sharing mechanism............................................ smart pricing mechanism....................................................... data security firewall mechanism........................................ open api mechanism.............................................................. technical features................................................................... data security............................................................................. high performance..................................................................... scalability................................................................................... easy access.......................................................................... project roadmap..................................................................... linkeye token........................................................................ let recovery scheme............................................................ business model....................................................................... revenue model......................................................................... sustainability............................................................................. linkeye.................................................................................... linkeye foundation.................................................................. linkeye-blockchain-based credit alliance introduction market capacity china the market individual credit loan china has reached trillion rmb, which recorded increase from the business expected retain annual growth over each year and reach trillion cny which would quintuple the market size the size consumer financing/credit loan market china rapidly increasing and expected have huge growth potential. (source: internet) concurrently, the chinese credit evaluation market experiencing steady growth respectively. however, due the uncertainty regulations and difficulties data acquisition, the market penetration for individual credit remains about signifying huge growth potential. (source: internet) linkeye-blockchain-based credit alliance southeast asia there population million southeast asia, which only the local residences have their own bank accounts. market data shows surprisingly low number ownership credit cards the population: indonesia, the philippines and vietnam. comparison, the citizens get access and utilize credit services. exacerbating the problem, there only very limited amount the population covered official credit scoring agency although the awareness credit loan relatively strong these areas. welldeveloped credit scoring system will support local institutions develop consumer-financing businesses, which leads economic growth. taking vietna for example, the sales cellphone are finished through installments despite low market penetration mobile phones.thedemand for credit loan very strong. developedcredit system will assist the development the consumer finance industry and boost the domestic economy. the linkeye project will greatly contribute the boost economy the region building credit scoring alliance. the current size credit loan market southeast asia relatively small relation its population size. however, with the rapid growth the market growth rate year year, the credit industry poised for take-off. (source: internet) europe although europe has been contributing the global credit loan market one the most important market players, had stagnated recent years due financial crisis and debt crisis the annual credit balance the european union countries recorded trillion eur, showing increase from which was the first increase linkeye-blockchain-based credit alliance since billion euro), germany billion euro) and france billion euro) are the top contributors the european credit loan market. conclude, the market capacity huge for europe and the recovery leading rapid growth. problem china limited credit coverage and access the central bank the people's bank china did not establish its nationwide unified database financial credit information until relatively short period time for the system improve. and due the peculiarities and uniqueness the central bank's system, the credit scoring provided not well established shown lack consistency and unification. present, there only million individual credit profiles were recorded the central bank's database. however, the limitation accessibility the database makes more difficult for non-government institutions inquire and upload credit reports. extensively distributed credit information credit data china isolated and distributed among various banks, small loan companies and lending platforms. the credit data collected arefragmented, preventing synergy, creating barrier common credit application. weak sense punishment existing credit system the current system disciplinary punishment credit industry incomplete which makes the cost breaching relatively low. therefore, there have been series dishonesty happeningsuch commercial fraud, breach contract, tax fraud and evasion. aschina's credit industry started latewith lowsocial awareness credit, there definite need for comprehensive credit environment. the market needs for credit system now, there are more than problematic lending platforms reported government and media. liquidity crisis are caused largely bad debts, which eventually lead the collapse most the platforms. the meanwhile, the market requiresnew credit information platforms linkeye-blockchain-based credit alliance that providereliable, effective, open and transparent data order support the development the credit industry. southeast asia the general financial system southeast asia underdeveloped but rapidly booming, offering great opportunities the credit business. take indonesia for example, there less than the entire million population with bank account which only uses credit card. comparison, penetration bank accounts china has reached and the figure for hong kong and india and respectively. obstacle exits the form fragmented credit data due inadequate government credit system and underdeveloped commercial credit bureau europe the financial industry europe dominated public credit system initiated the central bank. the centralized credit system and database non-profit and funded the government, resulting most the credit institutions operated the central bank managed major national financial institutions. this creates several deficiencies listed below: the fiscal burden investment credit system huge. takesextensive investment from the government establish the credit database with high maintenance and operation costs. there less room for market-oriented operation creating limitation the range services offered. public credit not conducive various types credit information integration and penetration, especially inadequate for credit information services and service experience. the traditional credit system provides limited support the local economy. the consumption market europe relatively weak and will benefit from more flexible and advanced credit system. solution based the struggles the credit markets china, southeast asia and europe, linkeyehas clear entry pointinto the industry. utilizing blockchain technology and credit economy model, linkeyecan create shared list untrusted profiles within the credit alliance connecting linkeye-blockchain-based credit alliance isolated islands credit data, and eventually solving the problems high costs, data discrepancy, accessibility and shortage talents. with this, linkeye serves toboosteconomic growth and achieve fairness forming comprehensive trustworthy credit system the entire society. linkeye-blockchain-based credit alliance why linkeye vision and mission linkeye independently developed hyperledger fabric based consortium-blockchain solution facilitating global credit alliance. utilizatingblockchain technology and credit economy model enables linkeye create shared list untrusted profiles within the credit alliance connecting isolated islands credit data. the ultimate goal achieve fairnessthrough credit forming wide-range trustworthy credit system the entire society. linkeye project has huge significance scientific and technological level promote the development global credit-based society. linkeye committed build the first blockchain-based credit alliance, focusing completing the platform and the database fraudulent people recruiting members for the alliance. the project reinforces honesty society fraudulent people won't able gain access financial services while the trusted people enjoy good social resources. current state credit assessment information technology advancement making data processing more efficient and effective provide support enterprise's operations and decision-making, which leads immense demand for big data analytics every industry. with rapid growth the credit business, huge amount data being produced. however, the traditional credit agencies are only able focus their niches given the dramatic increase quantity and depth the data such creditvision for financial institutions and driverrisk for insurance companies. single customer could have different pieces credit data from various credit data institutions, which makes impossible form comprehensive credit profile. decisions made from fragmented data may lead inaccurate risky decisions with unwarranted consequences. linkeye's mission generate comprehensive credit assessment connect all the isolated islands credit information. addition that, the platform willensure the credit report accessible and transferable among alliance members. linkeye-blockchain-based credit alliance advantages blockchain-based traditional data center stores data central node that fully controlled data center the data can modified deleted. such case, there are risks that the data could tampered deleted, sold other party the data center for profits. current model data union, number small data centers will usuallybe attached large data center for data exchange. all the data transactionsmade would through the large data center when usually the small data centers not trust each other. the larger data center owns all the data eventually keeping their copies. blockchain decentralized distributed data storage technology. isa secure and reliable system that allows data transaction between all kinds institutions individuals with the absence ofcentral authority. powered techniques cryptography, decentralized consensus, peerto-peer network communication,blockchainprevents data frombeing tampered nor deleted. utilizing such technology allows linkeye make sure the data unable modified deleted once being published blockchain, building trusted data system. industry insights linkeye operated team financial professionals with years experience traditional banking and fintech. the team had developed its own insights credit business and it, which allows them strategically plan and deliver the project. successachievements the founding team linkeye havedeep skillsets risk management, business development and product development. worked together for over years, the team has accomplished many milestones including credit platform with over credit financing service providers, operating payment platform withmonthly transaction amount rmb billion and technology-driven micro financing service platform serving millions users. resources: the key develop credit union partner with many qualified members. worked the credit industry for years, linkeye team able linkeye-blockchain-based credit alliance swiftly kick-start the project generating millions initial credit data through establishment strategic partnership with credit loan agencies china and malaysia. the accumulation initial data expected exceedtens millions the near term. linkeye-blockchain-based credit alliance how does linkeye work the linkeye team innovatively built credit alliance based blockchain technology with proposed eight core mechanisms, which was generally recognized the industry ensure the efficient functionality the alliance. breakthrough blockchain terms being the first substantive application the field credit scoring. blacklist mechanism the blacklist mechanism enables the publication fraudulent activities within the credit alliance with consideration privacy the data will desensitized and posted masked format. sample linkeye data format will be: linkeye masked (such ******) credit score publisher (anonymous) signature. the blacklists untrusted individuals published members the alliance contains two parts public data and detailed info. the public data will shown and the detailed info (linkeye template alliance member customized data) will stored blockchain including user id, full name, time loan, loan amount, lending platform, overdue time and category. linkeye requires alliance members sign agreement with the borrower prior the issue credit loan inform publication linkeye the event frauds. membership mechanism ensure integrity and effectiveness the data, linkeye will establish strict standard for reviewing and qualifying the alliance members. the first batch members has reputable brands the industry. alliance member uses real name for registration and has the option publish dishonest information via real name anonymous. credit mechanism regulate alliance members and prevent data fraud, the credit profile each alliance member will disclosed real time. each member receives initial credit score the assignment. once there dishonest behavior founded, points will deducted from the score and linkeye-blockchain-based credit alliance will broadcasted the alliance. the member will eliminated from linkeye alliance when there credit score left. arbitration mechanism when member holds objections questions piece data published another member, has the right file arbitration with the linkeye foundation. the arbitration will organized the foundation. each the members holds vote while linkeye foundation holds the vote. the arbitration will made the event when receiving over approval vote. information sharing mechanism the user the only match for the member when querying data. the data could only accessed and exchanged only when the user perfectly matched. alliance members are allowed view detailed version individual credit reports from other member exchange via let. the detailed version shares the same signature with the published version ensure accuracy the data. smart pricing mechanism linkeye executes smart real-time pricing mechanism that enables all members publish credit data slightly lower price than market value avoid block data exchange due price fluctuations let. data security firewall mechanism linkeye sets data security firewalls prevent data from being crawled. alarm triggers are set based application conditions block abnormal queries. the member will eliminated severe cases once triggering the security alarm. open api mechanism linkeyefoundation provides external query interface open external parties. any users can access the public blacklist entering the full and the detail report exchanging via let. linkeye-blockchain-based credit alliance this mechanism increases the punishment dishonest behavior and makes nowhere hide. serves groundbreaking role building credit-worthy society for all. this serves togreatly increased the exposure the platform and liquidity let. linkeye-blockchain-based credit alliance technical features linkeye independently developed hyperledgerfabric based consortium blockchain solution that had optimized and transformed specificallyto the credit industry. consortium blockchains will built different countries and stored credit datas according their rules and regulations. apis (application programming interfaces) credit data will connected and accessed between different consortium blockchains; and eventually form global network credit data union. fabric the first top project onhyperledger. firstly submitted the union ibm, dah, etc., and has been continuous improving many contributors the union. china, fabric has been successfully applied the field financial, supply chain and asset ownership etc. and became the preferred framework for many blockchain solutions. the hyperledger fabric based project built based the below architecture: linkeye-blockchain-based credit alliance data security linkeye utilizes the combination symmetric and asymmetric encryption safeguard the data. addition, the digital signature mechanism ensures the integrity and authenticity the information. high performance linkeye independently realized the pbft algorithm recommended ibm, which remarkably improves the writing performance. using symmetric encryption ensures linkeye encrypt data times faster. meanwhile, the optimization cifs increases the data synchronization and transmission between nodes. had achieve tps performance test environment. scalability linkeye takes modular design encapsulate consensus algorithms, smart contracts, protocols and blocks achieve "plug and play". the smart contracts can upgraded easily for future extension. meanwhile, the framework structure supports multi-channels order meet the application requirement control accessibility authorization. such flexible design support storage various category credit data for future expansion. easy access the data would written into the blockchain via api once the members the alliance, linkeye platform will automatically complete the data searching and profit allocation. such mechanism minimizes the cost additional development the members using linkeye's sdk. linkeye-blockchain-based credit alliance project roadmap phase one: completion the alliance platform share credit blacklist (-) linkeye committed build the first blockchain-based credit alliance, focusing completing the platform and the database fraudulent people recruiting members for the alliance. this stage, the project reinforce honesty society fraudulent people won't able gain access financial services. soft launch the platform planned february support data access from china, southeast asia and europe. local teams will formed further develop the target markets. the time when the platform ready for public launch april, the first batch members will board together with blacklists millions dishonest borrowers. end the alliance platform will fully established covering estimated %-% the total regional data blacklist. phase two:expansion service scope launch "credit whitelist"(-) the scope service linkeye will expanded personal credit evaluation building individual profile. building more effective credit scoring system enable the trusted individual enjoy better financial services and resources. this stage, linkeye aims provide strong support for the rapid development the credit industry.estimated time completion mid-. phase three:establishment enterprise credit system expansion service scope from individual profile enterprise profile would occur. through involving enterprise important participant the credit financing industry, linkeye able complete the establishment efficient credit system the society. phase four: credit everything linkeye will extend its services from finance industry other segments society. all credit related behaviors individuals and enterprises will recorded and stored blockchain. this stage, linkeye will realize its ultimate goal achieve fairnessby forming comprehensive trustworthy credit system the entire society. linkeye-blockchain-based credit alliance linkeye token linkeyetoken, let contract token ensure efficiency linkeye platform. the platform achieves high-speed, zero-cost and realtime database accounting using let. through the combination let and smart contracts, ensured that the data sharing truly realized and the system complexity and risks caused the centralized clearing are avoided. let will used the user's credentials for querying data the linkeye platform. the user queries the data for certain amount lets, and alliance members are able earnlet listing the data. let can obtained sharing data from linkeye platform acquired from secondary market. let recovery scheme every transaction made within the alliance, certain amount lets will withdrawn for future use linkeye. every token withdrawn from query transaction will frozen and released after years ensure reasonable and effective circulation. such mechanism would guarantee the sustainability the let economy and linkeye operation. credit financing growing rapidly the target market, linkeye expects constant increase the amount members and individual users. the let withdrawn from the increasing volume transaction will decreased order gain liquidity let. percentage withdrawal shall follow: amount frozen let (per transaction) ,,, linkeye-blockchain-based credit alliance business model revenue model blacklist the supply credit blacklist usually stems from government credit agencies and private credit companies linkeye's target market. however, usually very painful when lending institution acquires blacklists from the mentioned parties: dealing with multiple parties, complicated procedure, repeated cost every credit search. member the linkeye credit alliance, lending institutionis able access the credit blacklist consortium-blockchain published other members. only has pay certain amount linkeye token (let) acquire the detail credit report. the amount let paid will decided the market value. linkeye will withdraw let from each transaction commission support the operation with token drawn frozen for years before release. years revenue forecast: time no. members no. blacklist monthly data queries monthly let commission annual let commission based on: data search/query for each member per month each member contributes pieces credit data sustainability sustainable industry growth from its performance the long history, can forecast that credit financing will hold its role evergreen industry boost global linkeye-blockchain-based credit alliance economic. the sustainability the industry has ensured the sustainability the projects certain extent. sustainable open operation the committee linkeye foundation shall elected the alliance members with the continuous improvement the technology and operation. such way, linkeye could operate independent and sustainable way just bitcoin. sustainable token economy every token withdrawn from query transaction will released after years ensure reasonable and effective circulation. such mechanism would guarantee the sustainability the let economy and linkeye operation. linkeye-blockchain-based credit alliance linkeye linkeye foundation linkeye foundation (hereinafter referred "foundation") set and operates singapore. committed promoting linkeye's development and its transparency governance promote the safe, efficient and orderly development the alliance. the foundation will help manage the general issues and privileges the alliance establishing good governance structure. the design the structure mainly considers the sustainability operation, the effectiveness management and the safety its funds. the linkeye foundation commits publish monthly progress reports, conductand publish annual audit reports. managementcommittee: the managementcommittee responsible for the management and decision-making major agenda the foundation, including appointment and demission the executives. the committee formulates the norms and manages the privileges the foundation. technology center: the linkeye technology center responsible for underlying fundamental technology development, testing, on-line operation, review, linkeye-blockchain-based credit alliance etc. the center communicates with community members and regularly holds technical seminars the community. marketingcenter: the linkeye marketing center responsible for research, market strategy, sales and promotion the alliance and its product. administration center: linkeyeadministration center manages financial, legal, personnel and administrative affairs. financial affairs include project fund use and audit; legal affairs include review and formulation various documents prevent possible legal risks; personnel and administrative affairs include employment, remuneration and daily administrative work. contact: website:www.linkeye.com email:linkeye@linkeye.com linkeye-blockchain-based credit alliance