litepaper the prologue authors driven: how human nature shapes our choices, paul lawrence and nitin nohria, posit that there are four core human drives that profoundly influence our everyday decision making. these are the desires acquire; bond; defend; and learn. despite the text's accuracy, both lawrence and nohria overlook fundamentally overlook core human drive: the desire feel. the desire feel relates emotions anticipation, excitement, pleasure; the feelings that humans crave when watch movies, listen music support our favourite sports teams. when these core human drives are unmet, market will form fill that vacuum. this inherent desire feel, accompanied technological advancements, and increasingly connected world, has resulted the entertainment sector growing exponential rate. according pwc, the global entertainment industry's revenue reached staggering trillion forecasted reach trillion! the video game market has grown billion-dollar industry. quickly becoming one the largest entertainment verticals the world, which greater than the music and film industries combined. its emergence powerhouse mainstream entertainment has given rise new type spectator sport that combines professional gaming with the competitive edge traditional sports: esports electronic sports, esport (singular). table contents intergalactic gaming (ig) esports the barriers the intergalactic solution the iggalaxy business model marketing plan the protocol overview tron candidacy challenges for team advisors. the journey reference tap headings jump section disclaimer this disclaimer isintendedto address all readers who view access the litepaper any communication channel platform. the information and material presented this litepaper for publicising our vision for the esports industry. this document contains the core relevant components from our white paper. whilst have put our best efforts ensure this document reflects our beliefs the fullest extent possible, please note that the intergalactic gaming project ongoing and subject change. such, this document may revised accordingly, and the revision history will set out our website. please use our official website ensure you have access the most updated version. this document does not constitute prospectus offering document and not solicitation for investment and does not constitute offer securities the public collective investment scheme. this document should not considered investment advice and does not imply contractual relationship between igg token buyers holders. the igg token not intended constitute digital currency, commodity, security, financial instrument any other form investment any jurisdiction. owning any amount igg does not entitle the owner anything, other than owning said amount igg. igg utility token based the tron network. token that will utilised within the esports ecosystem. strongly encourage you read the entire litepaper, familiarising yourselfwith allthe informationsetoutbelow. pleaseseekindependent advice from your professional advisors (including lawyers, tax accountants and financial advisors), you have any uncertainty doubt any the matters presented. intergalactic gaming litepaper intergalactic gaming (ig) overview intergalactic gaming (ig) based blockchain and gaming organisation focused evolving gaming know it. avid gamers, have identified issues across the esports landscape that are hindering the industry's potential from being realised. our solution create platform that encourages accessibility, inclusivity, and stability subsequently interconnecting this heavily fragmented landscape. using blockchain technology, aim propose sustainable solution the current issues liquidity and monetisation esports. are offering social competitive gaming ecosystem where all participants are fairly rewarded for the value they add, regardless age, gender skill level. objective our objective create the best competitive gaming ecosystem ever! one that will nourish the esports industry and provide unique value proposition the billions gamers around the world. key results the successful execution our key objective will determined the number active users our platform. the why? tyler 'ninja' blevins earns over month from his fortnite streams alone. are seeing more professional gamers secure lucrative deals with much larger prize pools offer. our co-founders, just like billions around the world, have spent countless hours playing variety games over the years, with nothing show for it. also vehemently believe that all should have the opportunity pursue their passion. for the majority, competitive gaming that passion, but unfortunately due number reasons remains unsustainable career choice. our ethos rewarding users will exemplified through our community driven approach, ensure our competitive gaming infrastructure keeps gamers central the design. intergalactic gaming litepaper esports esports, the term associated with any electronic games that are played competitively, often with spectators. there are many genres that can played competitively, each attracting diverse demographic. the rise esports has witnessed the industry develop from humble beginnings, where tournament prize pools were mere few hundred dollars. these figures however, are dwarfed present-day prize pools, which course attributed the vast increase viewers and revenue. the online nature esports means has emerged truly global phenomenon, allowing almost anybody the opportunity participate, electricity and internet connection permitting. however, the term esports elitist predominantly caters professional gamers, small demographic considering the size the industry. therefore seek nourish grassroots competitive gaming, also offering support for those wishing make the transition from casual gaming the professional scene. the driving factors the infographic below illustrates the factors that will continue contributing the growth the esports, and therefore competitive gaming industry. intergalactic gaming litepaper market snapshot with billion gamers worldwide, exceeding global revenue billion, it's wonder the gaming industry showing signs slowing down! intergalactic gaming litepaper source (c)newzoo april quarterly update global games market report newzoo.com/globalgamesreport intergalactic gaming litepaper brands e-sports many global organisations have already become early adopters the esports impetus they look increase their brand exposure. the nielsen report states that there have been over esports sponsorship deals since addition, nielsen market research claimed that respondents reacted favourably towards brand activity esports; only had negative responses. the activation brands, especially non-endemic, will integral the future growth esports. some brands esports: with vast number notable brands beginning understand the impact esports will have brand exposure, many more high-profile entities will looking penetrate the space. intergalactic gaming litepaper the barriers due the infancy the industry, there are number barriers inhibiting true potential esports being realised. intergalactic gaming litepaper the intergalactic solution our solution will transform the way gamers play their favourite games competitively. the platform, referred the iggalaxy, will provide all users with stable and predictable framework that enables easy access, navigation and fair monetisation. the iggalaxy inspired traditional sports. ecosystem that will support the professionalisation the esports industry. some cases, will see the iggalaxy facilitate many gamers entering professional gaming. intergalactic gaming litepaper intergalactic gaming litepaper the iggalaxy key stakeholders game developers publishers for game developers and publishers commercialise their products for domestic use, esports crucial market their games. not uncommon for some game developers and publishers establish conditions for hosting competitions their game titles'. when their game does eventually become relevant the realms esports, the power lies with them; they determine who, when and under what conditions competitions are organised. game developers and publishers generate significantly more revenue from games sales and micro-transactions, when compared selling media rights competitions featuring their games. the more people that are seen playing their game competitively, the higher the rate sales, and/or microtransactions made within them. therefore, the current balance money places the focus the grassroots gamer, encouraging them play their game and/or make in-game purchases. gamers gamers are central any esports ecosystem. the profile our gamer target market will determined the games support this tends vary; the fifa market differs from the call duty counter strike market. previously stated, our solution will look cater all players, regardless skill level. source the esports playbook, nielsen intergalactic gaming litepaper esports teams over the last decade, there has been proliferation teams across number esport titles. will invite both grassroots and professional teams establish themselves the tron blockchain, providing opportunities for them build their legacy they compete conquer the iggalaxy. igg tokens will required establish team the platform. esports organisations there are variety organisations the esports industry. these organisations not necessarily compete tournaments, but provide different type value the ecosystem. esports organisation may provide diverse range value propositions, ranging from; fielding teams, hosting events, selling merchandise, providing coaching management services. the bespoke tokenisation such organisations will fundamentally evolve their value propositions for their respective customer bases. professionals the industry matures, will see increase businesses providing services for the competitive gaming community. this will include; social media marketing, consultation, web development graphics designers. serve offer these businesses exposure our users, and the ability integrate bespoke token into their infrastructure. brands brand investment will integral the continued success the esports industry. partnering with both endemic and non-endemic brands, will activate them strategically take strides execute our intergalactic vision. these partnerships will provide positive exposure highly desirable audience demographic, whilst simultaneously encouraging the adoption esports and the tron protocol. wider public without vast and dynamic audience, brands would not want invest esports. therefore, building community around increase engagement imperative. true adoption will only occur once have attracted the attention the wider public. our marketing plan and value propositions will make participating the iggalaxy appealing wide demographic. intergalactic gaming litepaper intergalactic 'gaming' gold (igg) intergalactic gaming gold (igg) our native token created the tron blockchain. will enable the provision innovative competitive gaming experience, playing the role 'in-game currency.' will primarily utilised fuel the iggalaxy, but will have extensive real-world use cases for brands, gamers, teams, professionals and the wider public. igg will the universal token that interconnects the various partner tokens our ecosystem. igg will exchangeable for partner tokens the platform, ensuring sufficient liquidity within our partner's tokenised ecosystem. users will also have the opportunity interact and participate number our partners' communities, too. gamers can earn igg they participate within the ecosystem; this includes, player contracts, prize pools, reward schemes and brand sponsorships and much more. teams will earn igg performing competitions, the gsp and brand sponsorship. teams will either acquire players from our gge. they will have the option offer player contracts, using contract templates recruiting players the event. brands use igg and other partner tokens payment for advertising and sponsorship agreements with stakeholders competition events. they will also integrate igg and partner tokens into their long-term plans within the iggalaxy. professionals will also have the opportunity receive igg for their services and products. wider public includes anyone with interest esports and gaming, particularly the spectators. they will able utilise igg actively participate within the esports ecosystem, which may include; supporting their favourite teams, purchasing their merchandise tipping gamers with igg. intergalactic gaming litepaper igg's value based purely supply and demand economics. have billion igg supply ensure liquidity across our ecosystem. with the supply fixed, often the demand that determines the value utility token exchanges. thus, further adoption igg occurs, and further use cases are implemented, the demand for igg should organically increase. our strategy for the tokenomics igg and partner tokens has been planned ensure sustainability and organic growth. intergalactic gaming litepaper tokenised digital competitive esports economy our tokenised model serves mitigate the current geographical barriers that affect the exchange value, ensuring security, speed, and transparency. stakeholders interact with our ecosystem, this swift exchange value will the driving force behind providing sustainable liquidity. our effective tokenised model has further layers. will continue secure global esports partnerships, integrating their own bespoke tokens, which will underpinned igg. prospective partners will find themselves able offer completely different value proposition, also enabling them further monetise their audience. will fully support our partners' transition the digital age, assisting with the planning and integration sustainable token. the infographic below are some suggested, albeit generic use cases for partner tokens, which include the benefits holding. progress, will look work closely with our partners establish unique use cases for their respective tokens. intergalactic gaming litepaper business model intergalactic gaming litepaper marketing plan intergalactic gaming converges two extensive addressable markets; esports and blockchain. merging the two will radically evolve the landscape, offering unique opportunity carve out prominent position the esports industry. our marketing strategy will establish our brand essence across the industry, placing clear focus customer acquisition and retention. our strategies include: community driven approach our community will play huge role our growth they spread the intergalactic vision. our strategy involves rewarding our community for the value they add our ecosystem. use social media our target market will digital natives who use number popular social media platforms. online personalities will actively seek partner with athletes, celebrities, musicians, vloggers and other influencers. acting synergy with influences, can accelerate the adoption esports and the tron protocol. strategic partnerships will partner with endemic and non-endemic brands our crusade take the esports industry the next level. content marketing will attract wider audiences through education, consultation and engagement. referral scheme this initiative will incentivise galacticans invite their friends join the iggalaxy. intergalactic gaming litepaper the protocol overview the protocol involves the development sustainable platform that will radically transform the way stakeholders interact and exchange value. our platform will built three phases: alpha phase this phase entails releasing our platform with enough features facilitate esports competitions. beta phase building the alpha platform, will integrate significantly more planned features into the beta, enabling further testing our platform before the full release. this phase will see further interaction with the tron blockchain. (q-q iggenesis phase this phase will see all our planned features implemented publicly release the platform the world. onwards) why use blockchain? blockchain technology eliminates the interactional boundaries between parties, ensuring total transparency. innovative solution the current issues high transaction fees, exchange rates, costly ineffective mediators and slow transaction speeds. enabling peer-to-peer payments, blockchain opens the door direct peer-to-peer interaction resulting truly decentralised sharing economy. intergalactic gaming litepaper smart contracts enable the automatic enforcement agreements, removing the need for third parties and drastically reducing costs. our smart contract templates will make easy for stakeholders enter into agreements with each other. smart contracts between stakeholders will therefore the impetus for enhancing scalability and monetisation across the landscape whole. with vast number stakeholders frequently exchanging value, our solution naturally lends itself blockchain technology, subsequently encouraging mass adoption. intergalactic gaming litepaper why tron? the tron protocol one the largest blockchain based operating system the world, boasting speeds over transaction per second times faster than ethereum). yet, the most powerful features tron reside the decentralised protocol the technology and presence the community behind it. want create gaming ecosystem, that like tron's vision virtual civilisation, is: decentralised, independent, self-governed, equal and cooperative across all stakeholders. intergalactic gaming gold (igg) makes use tron's token module. the system's token module, abbreviated tkc, allows its issuers deploy digital tokens that have already been customised and validated. this will enable create partner tokens that will exchanged throughout the tron network and ecosystems alike. tron host its own virtual machine from which smart contracts operate from. the smart contract module tron allows users customise contracts suit the diverse and complex functionalities specific their business needs. have the opportunity build gaming platform gamers, for gamers. thanks tron's protocol, can raise the funds develop one incredible platform oozing with gamer centric features; eradicating the need compromise ourselves vcs like most gaming platforms before us. intergalactic gaming litepaper tron candidacy date, there are over candidates the tron network, voted the community through tron's democratic consensus mechanism. however, for candidate become elected they must ranked the top freezing trx tron power vote break into the top candidate required surpass the elected with the lowest number votes, which currently least million votes. elected sr's are essentially guardians the tron blockchain, managing the productivity the network and representing their respective communities key decisions. elected sr's provide technical governance and maintain system performance, well producing blocks, turn receiving trx for each block produced. community support plan ig's aim elected support the growth the tron network, particularly look formally establish our tokenised esports ecosystem. through the tokenisation competitive gaming, and esports, can solidify and nurture the presence competitive gaming the tron blockchain, embracing the natural synergy between and tron. maintaining ig's core values 'transparency' and 'inclusivity', important that the community aware that will not retain financial profit from being candidate when elected sr. rewards will distributed back the community and used build esports ecosystem the tron network, minus the costs operation. plan details the next page. intergalactic gaming litepaper there will three phases our distribution plan; however, the criteria for these reward structures may subject change: intergalactic gaming litepaper challenges for although there are certain challenges ahead, have taken, and will continue take steps towards minimising the impact these challenges. regulatory assistance will the upmost importance there are elements that require special legal advice. this covers: company, ip, tax and security law. capital will required for ig's scalability; will need cover the costs for development, marketing, professional advisors, team and general overhead. team central ig. are ambitious, committed and driven group individuals that have proven extremely resourceful. collective, have made outstanding progress, but understand the importance strengthening the breadth and depth the team. are confident that the nature will entice extraordinary talent join our intergalactic journey. technological expertise will also central ig, meaning will look recruit additional experienced developers and contractors. this, alongside our present fantastic technical team will enable reach our milestones quicker. infrastructure setup tron poses challenge out our control. although have established ourselves one the most powerful blockchains the world, part bound its success. tron falls, will required migrate our infrastructure. notwithstanding, are confident tron's success. adoption crucial. ig's success will determined the number active users; without users, the platform will simply not work. for this reason, will strategic the esport titles our platform supports, placing the community the forefront decisions made. our bespoke approach sure drive the adoption both esports and the tron blockchain. have extensive measures place mitigate these challenges but with anything life, nothing guaranteed. nonetheless, will continue demonstrate, there clear niche for the intergalactic solution! intergalactic gaming litepaper team advisors having the right personnel fundamental the successful execution our vision. intergalactic gaming more than just job for our team. are the process laying the social foundations the best competitive gaming platform ever. will always seek recruit those that share this ethos, alongside the values dedication, fairness, and transparency. addition, are active our recruitment guardians support with upholding our brand values within our social media channels. core team there are over members the intergalactic team, including guardians, with diverse experiences and strengths. here are the members the core team: naeem shabir managing director alex dakin josh robson managing director jamie bell business analyst lead developer ava charlie richardson graphic designer streaming coordinator musa saidy head communication omar aly ui/ux designer tom bailey user acquisition intergalactic gaming litepaper later our journey, will provide the community with further insight the team behind the project. previously mentioned, are diverse team with vast range skills. unveil our team, will look activate further prominent figures that vehemently believe our project's success. official partners intergalactic gaming litepaper the journey the big bang despite being avid gamers, stumbled across the esports phenomenon result the initial concept what intergalactic gaming today. since discovery, have been dedicated improving our understanding the vastly complex esports landscape. the same time, have consistently evolved our disruptive solution combat the issues pertinent across the esports industry. over the last few months, have cemented our plans and are now preparing the swift execution our vision. following the launch our website (www.iggalaxy. com) and have reached over users signing the space two months. you can see our updated intergalactic gaming roadmap the following page. official_igg officaligg intergalacticgaming intergalactic gaming igg official telegram group intergalactic gaming intergalactic_gaming tap headings stay connected intergalactic gaming litepaper intergalactic gaming litepaper references http://www.esportsinsider.com///esi-birmingham-pwc-why-esports-isnt-all-thatdifferent-to-other-businesses/ https://esportsobserver.com/goldman-sachs-esports-report/ https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/global-games-market-reaches---billion-in-mobile-games-take-half/ https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/newzoos-esports-business-predictions-for--abigger-industry-than-traditional-pro-sports/ https://newzoo.com/insights/trend-reports/newzoo-global-games-market-report-light-version/ https://newzoo.com/insights/trend-reports/newzoo-global-games-market-report-light-version/ https://nielsensports.com/reports/esports-playbook-/ https://s.amazonaws.com/tron.network/design+book+of+tron+architecture_en.pdf https://ukie.org.uk/sites/default/files/uk%games%industry%fact%sheet% june%_.pdf https://www.forbes.com/sites/andrewrossow////its-time-to-wake-up-theesports-space-with-blockchain/#eeaeaff https://www.pwc.com/gx/en/industries/tmt/media/outlook/segment-findings.html https://www.pwc.com/us/en/industries/entertainment-media/publications/globalentertainment-media-outlook.html https://www.statista.com/topics//esports-market/ https://www.superdataresearch.com/market-data/market-brief-year-in-review/ intergalactic gaming litepaper thank you