litecoin cash: the best all worlds sha cryptocurrency version sebastian clarke iain craig and michael wyszynski the litecoin cash foundation, london. abstract. present "best all worlds" cryptocurrency targeting the existing mining community whilst offering practical, everyday features benefit miners and users alike. features are cherry-picked from existing currencies and implemented with optimised parameters provide cheap, fast and stable, general-use blockchain. the ifo model used realise initial monetary distribution, using popular, mature and well-maintained currency provide the donor ledger, order encourage user uptake and provide for liquidity the marketplace. some best practices regarding the ifo model are considered and explored. keywords. electronic currencies, cryptocurrency, blockchain, peer-to-peer, ifo introduction cryptocurrencies require strong and engaged mining community order secure the network and validate the blockchain. addition, they require highly engaged user community drive adoption and public presence. cryptocurrency network, miners are not motivated solely altruism; they mine generate revenue and cover the set and running costs the mining process. digital currencies are still nascent technology, speculation rife, driving significant market volatility. miners are therefore liable shift their mining power whichever asset will yield the highest returns for their efforts. successful currency should able respond, therefore, rapid and significant changes (frequently several orders magnitude more []) the total network hashing rate provided the miners. the blockchain community large (taking into account the many and varied permutations the central ideas laid down originally satoshi nakamoto[]) mining power becoming more specialised, via the use differing proof-of-work (pow) algorithms favouring certain hardware configurations. nevertheless, there exists considerable wealth mining capability directed one algorithm particular: sha. this perhaps not surprising, the pow algorithm favored bitcoin, the "gold standard" the cryptocurrency world, eclipsing the other "alt-coins" both unit value and total market capitalisation. info@litecoinca.sh using market capitalisation measure, there are other demonstrably successful sha based coins, most notably, bitcoin cash. however, these currencies are characterised comparatively slow block times and high transaction fees which are ideal neither for miners nor users the network. against this backdrop another phenomenon has started occur, which the aforementioned bitcoin cash the initial progenitor, that the hard fork, initial fork offering (ifo). believe that the more significant and interesting aspects this innovation have been overlooked due the specific circumstances the first widely known and publicised instance, the fork bitcoin cash from bitcoin. this particular fork was marred political infighting, and arose from philosophical differences over the direction the development process, eventually culminating split the development team, hard-fork the currency and the new currency challenging the parent for legitimacy and supremacy the marketplace. not believe this process will typical many future ifos and fact believe that the more interesting utility ifo its use means initial distribution financial liquidity newly launched cryptocurrency. the problem initial distribution new digital currency has been traditionally addressed either through the use icos via "airdrops", both which have significant drawbacks, when comes both fairness and the extent distribution. keeping mind that blockchain fragmentation good for the security and utility broader cryptocurrency, the same way that genetic variation vital for healthy biological population, will argue that ifos are superior the other methods initial financial distribution, whilst presenting our coin, litecoin cash, exemplar implementation uniquely suited the particular challenges initial fork offering. with wide and ready pool mining power tap, state-of-the-art difficulty adjustment react network hash dynamics, mature and fair distribution, and modern feature set, tuned everyday use with fast transactions and low fees are confident that the legitamacy our ideas, will borne out success the wider market. with view the future, our team are focused and motivated use this platform continue deliver universal, utilitarian innovations cryptocurrency demonstrate and realise its significant potential and use. initial currency distribution new cryptocurrencies order for currency spendable, there needs exist some method distributing into the hands potential users. stands reason that currency with wide and varied distribution, likely see more usage than currency with narrow flat distribution, the simple fact that more people are able spend it. how then achieve this initial distribution finances the context new cryptocurrency launch? few strategies have far manifested. airdrop often funded accompanied initial private mining the cryptocurrency before release the wider public "pre-mine"), airdrops serve merely deposit the currency into the wallets interested parties from some central reserve basis that is, though different from coin coin, inherently arbitrary. this presents some problems with respect both the fairness, and extent the distribution achieved. the supposed fairness any airdrop distribution obviously varies dependent upon the exact conditions any particular instance, however, they are certainly susceptible the whims human corruption due the arbitrary nature the distribution. they are frequently distributed first come, first served basis and this approach naturally favours those closely watching developments the cryptocurrency sphere, and also clearly subject potential nepotism and corruption concerns. furthermore, the width such distribution is, its nature, limited only those who become aware the offering during the time which active, and, dependent other conditions and considerations surrounding the launch such offering (i.e., publicity, marketing, p.r., budget etc.), could seen limit the distribution quite considerably. though airdrops can considered somewhat risk free, they not require anyone part with anything value participate, for the above reasons believe their utility distribution financial equity new currency offering questionable. ico initial coin offerings icos have garnered some wider press coverage and controversy late with several well publicised examples seemingly only existing serve subterfuge, with disappearing development teams and lost investments commonplace ([], [], []). believe that icos are flawed proposition, suffering from some the same drawbacks that can plague crowd-funding offerings, but exacerbated and magnified the vast sums money involved, and the ethereal nature the product offering. the most notable drawback that potential participator required deposit funds before the delivery the expected value, product service, and required place great deal trust and confidence the team behind the offering. naturally, this open exploitation. icos also suffer from similar problems with fairness and distribution extent that airdrops do. whilst their distribution certainly less arbitrary, the width again limited those who are able leverage the necessary funds participate. how that affects the perceived fairness matter opinion, however, the distribution also limited the same way airdrops, that one has aware the offering during the offering period order participate. are not arguing that icos have utility, that there are legitimate initial coin offerings, but rather, that they must approached with caution and careful consideration and that the necessary due diligence and research must performed order minimise risk exposure. whilst potentially useful then, consider icos sub-optimal method initial distribution financial capital for cryptocurrency launch. ifo initial forked offerings ifos ("hard forks") are more recent trend new currency offerings. they seek exploit existing transaction ledger (i.e., the block chain) order provide the initial distribution new currency. this way, fairness can proven and guaranteed the technology, only the people with correct keys the old network, can access and redeem the funds the new network. the developers and controllers the coin can way accused being able unduly affect the distribution the currency. with this method, potential participants need not even aware the ifo the time launch the funds remain locked those private keys perpetuity. merely necessary that they have funds the old network the time the fork block, the block which old ledger and new ledger begin diverge. claims can made retrospectively, (in principle any time after the fork) long the control the private keys kept. depending the donor ledger chosen, ifo can provide for wide and varied initial currency distribution, with potentially many years previous transaction history serving apportion the currency amongst the users. naturally, this solution not perfect. the same way that distribution limited though awareness the previous two discussed alternatives, limited here through the requirement hold funds the donor ledger. however, limited arguably lesser extent, many potential donor currencies enjoy wide uptake the general public. find ifo offer unparalleled breadth initial coin distribution when compared other approaches, and consider this likely drive community engagement and adoption. consequently, consider ifos have considerable advantages with respect fairness and distribution extent, over either icos airdrops, and will therefore likely natural choice for new cryptocurrency launches the future. responding network hash-rate dynamics mining mobility spite the increasing diversity proof-of-work algorithms use cryptocurrencies, networks are still susceptible large swings total network mining power (the hash-rate the network). these hash-rate dynamics are natural, miners seek maximise their returns validating transactions the currency which will net them the largest financial incentive. due the speculation inherent nascent industry such cryptocurrency, market volatility can extreme, with this volatility reflected the variance network hashrates. cryptocurrencies seek maintain generally consistent block time guarantee performance the network and this achieved the use mining difficulty, which dictates how hard easy average for miner perform the necessary computation validate block new transactions the chain. being aware the fork block advance can confer advantage, then possible purchase the donor ledger currency advance, though this could mitigated choosing fork block the past. how, and what frequency, this difficulty value adjusted dictates how given currency will respond changes total available hash power. difficulty retargetting the frequency with which difficulty adjusted cryptocurrency network interesting configuration parameter. too long between adjustments and the network will susceptible short term swings hash-rate overtly affecting the achieved block time. too short time, and (depending the algorithm used) liable constantly overadjust small changes, resulting unstable difficulty, and unpredictable, cyclical block times and hence mining rewards. adjusting difficulty every blocks common, employed bitcoin, litecoin and bitcoin cash with careful selection the difficulty adjustment algorithm however, possible re-target the difficulty every single block, maintaining both mean block time stability and rapid network responsiveness changes total hash power. this the approach taken within litecoin cash. dark gravity wave the algorithm have chosen adjust mining difficulty target litecoin cash, the popular and successful dark gravity wave[] algorithm first conceptualised evan duffield and implemented the dash currency. brief, acts critically damped harmonic oscillator respond effectively logarithmic scale changes mining power over short periods, well roughly stable and constant hash-rates. dark gravity wave uses multiple exponential moving averages and simple moving average smoothly adjust the difficulty. this implementation resolves possible exploits kimoto gravity well, related earlier work, limiting the difficulty retargetting times the period ema difficulty average. our implementation dark gravity wave allows the difficulty adjust upwards downwards every block. this was chosen allow litecoin cash gracefully cope with the rapidly growing, potentially unstable and certainly unpredictable hash-rate dynamic new network undergoing community adoption, well respond effectively any future shifts mining power from the network. the sha niche mining power availability following the adage "what's good for the miners, good for the network" believe that there exists significant opportunity, for new sha based coin, tuned for modern, every day usage, and with built in, mature, mining capacity. since sha used the pow bitcoin, the most successful and widely adopted the cryptocurrencies, large volumes bespoke hardware tuned specifically the purpose sha hashing exists. iterative increases the power such hardware, initially via more powerful gpu-based mining farms but now entirely the hands asic developers, frequently render entire generations mining systems obsolete bitcoin cash also incorporates shorter term, though less influential heuristic, calculated every blocks the visceral competition for efficiency inherent when mining the worlds most valuable cryptocurrency. this stock hardware and hash power represents significant resource and opportunity which new cryptocurrency can draw ensure the presence network transaction validation capability. current sha destinations the two most popular sha coins mine are currently bitcoin and bitcoin cash. however, these currencies are not without their problems. bitcoin, for example, has relatively slow block times, high fees and limited transaction bandwidth. bitcoin cash has addressed the transaction bandwidth limitations introducing larger block sizes, however the block times remain the same ten minutes, limiting potential transaction confirmation speed. optimising for the real world set features and configuration parameters have been chosen order provide the maximum utility possible for everyday usage scenarios. litecoin cash therefore provides practical set headline features making attractive proposition for miners, users and investors alike. fast: rapid transactions and confirmations with minute block times cheap: low friction spending with tiny fees scalable: segwit support and fast blocks provide ample transaction bandwidth future-proof: lightning network support provides instant transactions and epic future scalability ifo best practice considerations the main concerns when initiating new initial fork offering should that remains fair amongst early participants, and that functions effectively, immediately upon release. with this mind, number steps have been undertaken order ensure that litecoin cash undergoes smooth and fair launch possible. slow-start block rewards order give all miners equal chance early block rewards soon after launch, and mitigate any undue advantage from simply reacting quickly the fork, litecoin cash specifies "slow start" control block rewards. this ensures that block rewards scale linearly over the first two thousand blocks mined after the fork giving miners plenty time bring their equipment online without compromising their potential rewards. effective difficulty adjustment give consistent mining performance cryptocurrency must make some effort respond changes network hashing rate this particularly true new currency see the 'responding network hash-rate dynamics' section for more information and especially when there already exists significant potential hashpower available. for this reason, the mining difficulty should recalculated frequently possible, the case litecoin cash every block, and robust retargetting algorithm should used, this case, dark gravity wave. simultaneous full release one the ways that fairness can ensured during the launch ifo releasing the software all participants simultaneously. this ensures that individual parties cannot achieve any advantage by, for example, setting mining third party integrations before other people have chance access the software, and provides transparency the creators protect themselves from any accusations favoritism concerning the software release. this process also serves prevent any isolated mining the chain before release any party, other than the stipulated maintenance fund mined the creators. replay attack protection order prevent the possibility valid transaction from either the litecoin litecoin cash blockchain being valid transaction the other chain, transaction signatures are generated different way the litecoin cash network. after the fork block, litecoin cash requires that the sighash all signature hash type flag modified include sighash forkid value, combined binary or. addition, litecoin cash addresses (generated from the same private key format litecoin addresses) feature different base prefix byte, that litecoin cash addresses will all start with contrast with litecoin's this further helps prevent user confusion; while the transaction signature changes mean the network will not validate any transaction sent erroneously the incorrect network, the differing prefix byte and (associated validation) will prevent user even trying create such transaction. mitigation isolated mining simultaneous full release all final software all integrating parties would the ideal scenario launch. however, the practicalities managing such process necessitates giving preview builds certain service providers (e.g., exchanges and wallet providers) ensure the presence such services launch time for the smoothest launch possible. however, this can lead problems whereby potential bad actors might use the preview build, and the publically available pre-fork chain state try and mine ahead the hope push their blocks the network launch and claim inflated coinbase rewards. mitigate this, key consensus parameter configuration was kept different between preview and release builds, ensuring that any blocks mined such way would rejected the network. particular, litecoin cash used the slow start period, with the value specified the preview source but being used the final release. fair and transparent maintenance fund another way ensure fairness and transparency open about how the maintenance fund generated and used. litecoin cash uses special block reward defined the consensus parameters ensuring that the exact maintenance fund amount rewarded vanity address publically visible and hard coded into the source (cashierdazesybqkuvvcupzfxmxtgt). this allows any member the public watch this address and track the transactions over time, giving visibility into how the maintenance fund being managed. relationship upstream and development roadmap order ensure rock solid features, and timely integration the latest innovations filtering down from the parent codebases (bitcoin and litecoin), intended keep the codebase close possible the litecoin upstream ongoing basis. nevertheless, the development team are determined use litecoin cash platform for innovation the cryptocurrency arena, with focus every-day utility and security, and will not shy away from breaking away from upstream codebases order demonstrate innovation, add value the network and potentially act proving ground for cutting edge functionality and novel concepts, architectures and solutions. having small team can bring enormous benefits terms agility: decisions can made and enacted quickly. the litecoin cash team will leverage this strength over the coming months and years deliver key innovations cryptocurrency, but the short term, the focus more immediate development necessities. these include: development official spv wallet. integration with hardware wallets. spv server software and java javascript python libraries for integration. atomic swaps and lightning network. integration changes from bitcoin the longer term, number novel ideas and innovations are being discussed, investigated, and prototyped. however, due their nascent developmental phase, and the limited development resource available progress them the short term, providing any further details this stage could compromise their successful implementation what very competitive commercial space. references difficulty control for blockchain-based consensus systems. kraft, d., peer-to-peer netw. appl. https://www.domob.eu/research/difficultycontrol.pdf bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. nakamoto, (). https://bitcoin.org/ bitcoin.pdf investor bulletin: initial coin offerings. securities and exchange commission (). https://www.investor.gov/additional-resources/news-alerts/alerts-bulletins/ investor-bulletin-initial-coin-offerings sec halts alleged initial coin offering scam. securities and exchange commission (). https://www.sec.gov/news/press-release/- initial coin offerings (icos): risks, regulation, and accountability. chohan, u., university new south wales (). https://papers.ssrn.com/sol/papers.cfm?abstract_id= dark gravity wave. dash documentation https://docs.dash.org/en/latest/introduction/ features.html#dark-gravity-wave