introduction the world blockchains and cryptocurrencies has seen lots developments over the course the last two years. while efforts present are geared towards delivering better speed transactions, network security, and transparency, tarush has emerged make difference. the certainty the blockchain major milestone the push mankind for greater control over personal fortune and direction landmark. paying attention the weight disillusionment with the traditional, commercial, financial, and transactional algorithms across the globe, clear that the blockchain route cannot ignored. the utility cryptocurrencies and blockchain our world today surely point the direction greater adoption and consideration. there increased demand and yearning for faster processing methodologies, decentralized approach, assured security, and usability. other pathway seems make all these expectations possible today's world like blockchain innovation. this where tarush makes entry. tarush upcoming cryptocurrency project focused privacy, scalability, and fungibility that built implementing mimblewimble blockchain with some various optimizations. the choice mimblewimble the governing protocol informed its privacy advantages. the mimblewimble protocol mimblewimble (mw) was developed july tom elvis jedusor take the privacy concerns cryptocurrency proponents into consideration. the first steps minblewimble derived from the work adam brock, who conceived confidential transactions order encrypt the sending and receiving bitcoins. block block tracsactions block blocks are formed with cut-through and all inputs and outputs are mixed txs still have input/output information the primary ingredient for the working the use blinding factors. the use blinding factors essentially involves random value chosen encrypt the transactional value bitcoin. this determined the sender the transaction initiated. what needs taken note here that the blinding factor should able encrypt the transactional value without altering the input and expected output such transactions. terms value determination, this how works: the value transaction input output and point the elliptic curve can simply embed v*h instead vin transaction. this works because using the ecc operations, can still validate that the sum the outputs transaction equals the sum inputs: v*h v*h v*h verifying this property every transaction allows the protocol verify that transaction doesn't create money out thin air, without knowing what the actual values are. however, there are finite number usable values (transaction amounts) and one could try every single one them guess the value your transaction. addition, knowing (from previous transaction for example) and the resulting v*h reveals all outputs with value across the blockchain. for these reasons, introduce second point the same elliptic curve (practically just another generator point the same curve group and private key used blinding factor. input output value transaction can then expressed as: r*g v*h private key used blinding factor, point the elliptic curve and their product r*g the public key for (using generator point). the value input output and another point the elliptic curve together producing another public key v*h (using generator point). generating private key blinding factor for each input value and replacing each value with their respective pedersen commitments the previous equation, obtain: (ri*g vi*h) (ri*g vi*h) (ro*g vo*h) which consequence requires that: this the first pillar mw: the arithmetic required validate transaction can done without knowing any the values. tarush will leverage the core strengths mw, which entails confidential and privacy guarantees. how this works two-fold: unavoidable zero sums every transaction has result zero outcome far the verification protocol demands. this vein, output netted off input has zero that can proven that transaction does not create new funds outside the intended actual amounts. ascertainment private keys the world cryptocurrencies revolves around the availability private keys, otherwise, transactional security will compromised. the network, entity will not able prove ownership private keys just signing transaction. verifying the zero sum and validating the private keys are made possible the combination account balance, change proofs well ownership. the transaction kernel arriving validation parameter, excess value built-in such that addition the original transaction values, the added excess known the transacting parties. since this validation process not machine -computed algorithmically derived, advanced computing power can unlock not disclosed. inputs outputs inputs outputs inputs outputs txn kernel (excess) txn kernels (excesses) kernels (excesses) kernel (excess) two valid mimblewimble transactions and their excesses. each txn's excess value the result all its outputs minus its inputs. can concatenate two txns together produce another valid txn. this scenario, can see that one the inputs txn spent output from txn (circled). redundant txn date can pruned away and the txns can still validated their excesses long the excesses are preserved. makes difference take the details away long the same value present both the input and output. other words, the authorization preserved but the evidence the intermediate steps are not. transaction thus encrypted under will have excess value that can only unlocked with signature. the required signature then the excess inputs less outputs far the particular transaction concerned. so, the required signature will valid public that matches the private key. every transaction thus has signature and additional data that checked validators for transaction integrity. the component the transaction will the transaction kernel. the core deliverables tarush tarush has set out ensure that there are key deliverables that are available enters the cryptocurrency and blockchain sphere. this regard, what its modus operandi will can seen in: native tokens community governance preserving decentralization confidentiality native tokens tarush driven mw, has issue tokens necessary drive its ecosystem. the issuance native tokens here cannot overlooked becomes the needed enabler all transactions terms value and value measurement. community governance executive nodes legislature miners transmit mined blocks via nodes judiciary the senate miners developers developers send code for miners and nodes choose run house reps business infrastructure community businesses can support code development and devs can contribute business goals businesses send transactions miners via nodes some users run nodes themselves users use businesses interact with the network the users/community very rough and simplistic diagram bitcoin's governance model the most successful cryptocurrency projects are noted for their active community participation. this league, important point bitcoin, ethereum and eos blockchains. these leading platforms have retained the respect and attention the global cryptocurrency audience result their design and community-driven focus. step further the governance tarush the decision situate all tokens the community and the community will hold them trust. the old world traditional finance and banking institutions drew flakes from satoshi nakamoto and led the bitcoin innovation. preserving decentralization this vital ensuring that the all-important decentralization objectives for which cryptocurrencies are noted for preserved. involving active community and vesting ownership tokens the members, tarush shows commitment the tenets decentralization and cryptocurrency democracy. confidentiality public key encryption plain text secret key different keys a$h*l@, t=#/>b# r/j,>il rplp cipher text encryption plain text the confidentiality transactions cannot overlooked vital component the evolving world cryptocurrencies. one drawbacks the ethereum and bitcoin blockchains already known the public display transactions. this sense, anyone who accesses linked explorer these blockchains can view transactions carried out with clear details made public. for tarush, while transactions will viewed publicly, the details will not easily available. only the parties transaction, this case-the sender and receiver, can decode the exact transaction amounts. so, while tarush not setting out become another dark web, also providing privacy guarantees. making difference the global realities tarush are intended easy decipher. this sense, tarush enters into the global marketplace cryptocurrencies, intends make difference. the notable highlights are examined below: pre-mine nor ico tarush will not the ico route and there will ico. instead, all the tokens issued will airdropped community members. this sense, all the tokens the project are available members the community and they will able take ownership the project with the tokens held them. totally decentralized using the decentralization route, tarush will not have headquarters nor ceo central control. the community takes shape, voting will used give structure that will preserve the independence the network. individual entity can take control tarush, and community-driven project, the ideas and input members will make difference. transaction speed with ethereum still tethering transactions per second, there room for transaction speed optimization that can make real difference. early benchmark for transaction speed will tps. smart contract preserve the uniqueness the project, smart contract will developed the tron blockchain order have automated determinant all transactions. going the smart contract route, intermediary required approve vouchsafe transactions. traditional web decentralized website dapp api smart contract database blockchain smart contract functionalities make easy preserve transaction security and maintain the integrity the built-in processes. affordable fees fees charged common determinant how well blockchain patronized. the global cryptocurrency world has shown preference for low-fees, tarush primed charge next nothing transaction fees. while bitcoin transaction will cost $., tarush will ensure that comes $., and that rate, global and widespread adoption assured deliver our key tenets. security guarantee with transactional encryption and proofing, tokens cannot created out thin air within the tarush network. your app security framework authorization authentication secure data code signing cryptography transaction spoofing will not occur, and attack will impossible. sticking proof stake algorithm, concentrated mining pool will result, and delegated nodes will not result. big advantages tarush coming into the cryptocurrency space with big advantages for users and the global community. beating price manipulation one the big downs bitcoin the drawback price manipulation. the causative factor for this the concentration the coins few hands. with the community ownership pattern for tarush, commitment beating price manipulation exists. the other side price manipulation has with high-leveraging tokens and coins just for profit -motive. over-leveraging akin round-tripping and assigning arbitrary values non-existent assets assets that have intangible composites. while the profit- motive works for few, leads loss value for the greater majority. organic price growth preferred, and this what tarush and its community will protect and propagate. tarush was born complete special mission fighting against btc cryptocurrency price manipulation. that would the reason why tarush will create global appeal and revolution requisite listing global exchanges will take place. tarush mainnet the development tarush mainnet primary goal that will given all the attention deserves. reputable hands, industry experts and other collaborators will given chance part our community that the needed progress can made. the advantages mainnet overshadows the time and resources expended its development. why community members will play active role here, resources will also set aside the token allocation take care the rewards due developers and like minds working its realization. the process that will lead main net development will certainly begin with the nod testnet. with the examples seen other project environments blockchains, testnet has its place move ahead take tarush its point realization. the outline roadmap that will lead the unveiling the tarush will surely such that will attract community participation and buy-in. look forward making difference the cryptocurrency marketplace.