litex whitepaper litex building consumer-level layer application framework summaries litex complete layer framework for consumer-level blockchain applications. the entire framework divided into two parts: on-chain contract and off-chain protocol. the on-chain contract rule publicity platform that aims fix the state and logic the consensus layer, and provides various templates such payment channel contract and business verification contract, etc. the off- chain protocol rule execution platform that aims process the data organization, transmission and verification data off the chain and provide data credibility, data protocol and authentication protocol. litex provides developers with verifiable, low-threshold, user-friendly, free-to-develop solution from end users'perspective. this whitepaper outlines litex's design philosophy, system architecture, crypto economic model, and best practices for developing blockchain applications with litex framework. litex whitepaper catalog litex building consumer-level layer application framework............... summaries....................................................................................................................... catalog......................................................................................................... vision........................................................................................................... overview...................................................................................................... blockchain layering: layer design ideas..................................................... lightning network............................................................................................................ state channel................................................................................................................... plasma............................................................................................................................. side chain........................................................................................................................ summary......................................................................................................................... litex architecture....................................................................................... on-chain contract.......................................................................................................... off-chain protocol........................................................................................................... litex economic model............................................................................... value capture................................................................................................................. value distribution........................................................................................................... unified value.................................................................................................................. litex whitepaper organization .............................................................................................. litex community foundation........................................................................................ litexlab....................................................................................................................... cornerstone investors and consultants............................................................................ token fund investors...................................................................................................... appendix litex token (lxt) distribution................................................ appendix ii: ldc consensus node configuration reference......................... litex whitepaper vision blockchain industry realm high-recognition threshold. has triggered many social experiments since its birth, but none the popular applications appeared the mainstream users. the reason behind this that the design goal the public chain reach consensus broad possible, and the more consensus nodes, the lower the performance, which makes unable support products that serve users large volumes. the direction solving the problem public chain performance, the idea layered design gradually takes the mainstream and derives many layer solutions but the high-threshold nature users'participation still cannot support consumer applications. consumer-grade products are the most common types products our daily lives, and their goal reduce the cost price and use much possible the basis meeting the needs mainstream consumers. the contrary, industrial products generally need meet more stringent requirements demand design and pay more attention performance, but take little consideration terms cost and ease use. for example, consumer routers have small physical volume, low energy consumption, user-friendly configuration, switch and capabilities while the price only tens yuan; the other hand, industrial routers have powerful performance, high-level security, but also bulky volume, high energy consumption, complex operation (requires professionals configure with codes). the price range from tens thousands millions yuan. not difficult find that there evolution industrial routers consumer routers, the internet will hard spread today. bitcoin the earliest blockchain application brings peer-to-peer cryptocurrency payment; ethereum goes further and provides decentralized smart contract platform services. bottom-layer public chain, global consensus their value base. the stronger, the more extensible consensus is, the more nodes around the globe will participate the synchronization and verification the data, which will inevitably lead reduction processing efficiency and cannot further support the consumer applications. paradoxically, the development the crypto economy inseparable from the expansion the basic user community. order attract more people join, the crypto world must constantly expand the scene and lower the threshold, which depends the emergence large number consumer applications. the birth consumer applications relies high tps (transaction per second), low transaction fees and low usage thresholds, the same time cannot completely abandon the decentralized and secure nature brought blockchain technology. then have encountered the impossible triangle problem often mentioned the blockchain world: safety, decentralization, efficiency. you can't have them all. this time, still hope solve the impossible triangle the same layer constantly adding new functions and new designs, the whole problem will become quite complicated, which not conducive our understanding and analysis internal laws things. moreover, put all the steps and functions into the same layer, this layer will become more and more complicated and reach high degree coupling. additionally, future modifications and upgrades will very litex whitepaper difficult implement, which unacceptable for the blockchain that actually stores value. for any problem that reached certain complex stage, the current method isn't viable, alternative can often found with the idea adding layer. layering computer science very common idea. tcp/ip has four-layer structure, osi model has seven-layer structure, and the most- exposed computer storage is, well, divided into four levels: level cache, level cache, memory, and hard disk. whether public chain the carrier consensus can accumulate consensus and become value storage network depends two most important factors: security and decentralization. security determines how much value the public chain can carry, and public chain cannot precipitate value above its attack cost; decentralization decides whether the public chain can become broader value network for anti-censorship. should let the public chain maintain security and decentralization, the value base the blockchain and solve the issues related performance, privacy the upper level. only doing this can make consumer product based blockchain this the layering idea the blockchain. order solve the performance issue the public chain (layer developers have designed series upper layer (layer from the perspective layering. solution. layer design pattern that advocates putting business logic that does not require global consensus off the chain and submitting chain for global consensus only when needs settled arbitraged. lightning network, state channel and plasma all belong the layer solution. however, the design these solutions very complicated, matter the developers' implementing difficulty users'thresholds, which makes them unable meet the needs large- scale consumer applications. through research, found that the current layer solution's over-complicated design process strives achieve comprehensive security, privacy, and complete decentralization while overlook the cost use. this suggests that their positioning still the level "industrial" solution rather than "consumer" applications support framework. believe that crypto economy requires consumer applications, and the design the layer solution also needs make trade-off from the perspective users. therefore, designed litex and hoped provide developers with more "down-to-earth" layer solution, which greatly reduced the users'cognition and usage threshold, hatched more consumer-level blockchain applications and accelerate the development crypto economy. overview litex complete layer framework for consumer-level blockchain applications. based litex, developers can easily build user-friendly blockchain applications, allowing users gain litex whitepaper easy-to-use experience like internet products, and benefit from asset security, high liquidity, transparency and other characteristics brought blockchain technology. product-wise, litex splits the consumer blockchain application into two parts: encrypted payment and business logic. encrypted payments involve user assets which require cryptographic level security. litex will use the payment channel solution ensure user asset security, and also provide token aggregation, senseless upgrade, transaction readability, uni/bi-directional channel option, etc. practice, users will not able perceive the difference between encrypted payment and electronic payment the business logic part, sufficient flexibility and compatibility are needed feed the complex and various logical needs. litex proposes design pattern on-chain verification and off-chain arbitration, which greatly reduces the development difficulty and usage threshold. tech-wise, litex has developed payment channel contracts and business verification contracts for both encrypted payment and business logic. currently, the development the contract mainly based ethereum while the future can extended any other public chains that support smart contracts. payment channel contract already supportive opening the payment channel for both eth and all erc- tokens single contract; business verification contract gives the design gaming application templates which show users the results readable and playback-capable on-chain verification. litex will also give out design instances financial products and dapps subsequently. commercial-wise, litex has always believed that the data generated user operation, user activity and money transfer consumer application provides both users and developers with great reference value because this data establish positive feedback between users and applications. therefore, litex adopts license chain implemented with the pbft consensus carry off-chain data, which makes the original point-to-point, only-known-by-both-parties transaction data gain public credibility and vitalizes the business ecosystem built top it. with the help litex, developers can implement business logic with their familiar technology stack. they can assure transparency, and efficiency and verifiability the application only performing chain declaration the form verification contract. payment-wise, users can get the payment experience of"speed increase and fee deduction" powered layer technology, well close the payment channel any time and wield your own money ownership, without worrying about unused funds being detained developers. blockchain application based the litex framework par with internet application terms user experience, and once there doubt about the off-chain data, users can easily perform on-chain verification, which draws drastic difference from those"pseudo-blockchain applications"with zero blockchain characteristics. litex whitepaper blockchain layering: layer design ideas recent years, the industry has proposed variety scaling plans tackling the performance the public chain. they mainly divides into two categories: on-chain scaling and off-chain scaling. on-chain scaling plan the chain attempts achieve the scaling effect directly modifying the consensus agreement, such increasing the block capacity, shortening the block interval, altering the consensus algorithm and implementing sharding, etc. this called the layer scaling; off-chain scaling does not seek upgrade the consensus algorithm the public chain, but rather complete the operation the unnecessary global consensus through the cooperation the on-chain contract and off-chain protocol, and submit the chain only when needs settled arbitrated. this called the layer scaling. isn't difficult imagine that the layer scaling plan needs re-establish consensus among all participants, and the new consensus also needs undergo sufficient long-term inspection. this undoubtedly very difficult and slow; even the final consensus can reached, the viable improvement the layer level limited: either increasing node throughput degree parallelism. increasing throughput puts higher requirement the hardware configuration and network bandwidth the node, increases the degree centralization. the other hand, improving the degree parallelism relies the complex sharding technology which prone many problems such high difficulty, high risk, and slow progress decentralized architecture. comparison, the layer scaling solution recognizes the global consensus value achieved layer does not expect alter the consensus but rather pursues optimized way take advantage this global consensus. the same time, people noticed that balance point between security and efficiency varies among different scope the consensus. designers layer are able limit the scope the consensus according demands order achieve the scaling effect that meets them. for example, the case micropayment, when two parties reach consensus the final fund allocation, the scope the consensus limited between these two. payment channel technology the solution for this scenario. the current mainstream layer technologies are follows: lightning network lightning network general term for bitcoin off-chain transfer network based the bolt protocol. lightning network distributed network that eliminates the risk entrusting funds third parties with smart-contract-supported multi-party instant, high-density micropayments combined with blockchain technology. essentially, lightning networks mechanism that utilizes revocable sequence maturity contract (rsmc) and hashed timelock contract (htlc) secure zero-confirmation transactions. both parties need open payment channel jointly pre-store portion the funds into the payment channel. when two parties are transacting, they only need sign and confirm each transaction without necessarily having submit each transaction the litex whitepaper chain. when the payment channel closed, only the final transaction result needs submitted the blockchain and confirmed. previous off-chain transactions will longer occupy blockchain resources, transactions lightning networks are fast, low-cost, and instantly confirmed. htlc(hashed timelock contract) rsmc(revocable sequence maturity contract) litex whitepaper the lightning network mainly comprised two parts. the first part the establishment the bidirectional payment channel, namely rsmc (revocable sequence maturity contract). rsmc enables the opening bidirectional payment channels between two people and secure off-chain transaction that can terminated any time without third party. the second part htlc (hashed timelock contract). htlc enables off-chain transactions establishing payment channel through multiple intermediate parties when bidirectional payment channel unopened. these two types contracts constitutes the lightning network, that any two people who are both the lightning network function can complete the transaction off-chain. state channel state channel off-chain scaling technology for performing transactions and other status updates, upgraded version the payment channel. the status channel can not only used for payment but also for any status update the blockchain. the nature the state channel provide state maintenance services between different entities establishing bidirectional payment channel between either the users the user and the service. state channel the usage flow state channel and that payment channel are relatively consistent, including: open the channel: two more participants need agree the initial state, then two more parties will store states certain amount tokens the hosting contract the state channel, and then the state channel turned on. using the channel: between two more participants open state channel, users can sign transactions and status off-chain without needing submit every change state the chain. close the channel: when party needs close the channel, one needs submit valid status update the chain, and then enter challenge period. during the challenge period, participants litex whitepaper both sides the status channel can submit status updates with higher serial numbers any time prevent users from malicious behaviors. the end the challenge period, the valid state with the highest serial number confirmed the final state, and recorded and settled the main chain. status channel allows users transfer many operations out the main chain, and users only need communicate and sign off-chain without waiting for confirmation on-chain. after the completion the multi-party signature confirmation off-chain, the final status will submitted the main chain for settlement. plasma plasma ethereum-based scaling solution released vitalik and joseph poon august plasma series automated smart contracts running the root chain where users can lock their own assets, then map the assets the corresponding plasma chain. plasma chain will run and maintained one more verifiers, the root chain will require the plasma chain submit the merkel root for each block the root chain. only those blocks who completes the proof are valid. users plasma can verify the validity merkel root with the saved merkle proof. ensure the safety the sub-chain operations, when users want quit from the plasma chain, they only need submit contract proof the root chain, then transfer his assets from plasma chain back the root chain. addition, ensure that the verifiers the plasma chain won't behave maliciously, they need lock portion the margin. the smart contract the root chain, once arbitration occurs the plasma, the honest party submits clear proof the history the relevant transaction and the margin the malicious plasma verifier will deducted. plasma overview litex whitepaper side chain the side chain separate chain, which allows the asset safely transferred from the main chain the side chain through side chain protocol, completes series transactions the side chain and eventually returns the main chain. the main difference between the side chain and plasma that plasma side chain custody. when error occurs the plasma chain, users will detect and submit for arbitration, then exit the plasma chain safely and transfer assets back the main chain. while the other hand, the safety the side chain needs guaranteed the side chain itself. assets transferred the side chain cannot safely returned the main chain when under attacked. side chain the asset transfer mainly achieved with (-way peg) between the side chain and the main chain: the user needs transfer certain amount assets the main chain specific address which will locked, and the same time, when the evidence the locked asset found, the same amount digital assets will released the side chain that users are free transfer and transact the side chain. there are various kinds implementations, from centralization decentralization: single custodian, multi-sig federation, spv (simple payment verification). summary these common layer solutions are rather different, complicated design and difficult understand, but dig deeper into the design ideas behind them, can find some commonalities: first all, cryptographical fidelity off-chain data granted participants'digital signatures which ensure that one can forge other people's off-chain data. second, off-chain data format defined on-chain contract which ensures the recognition the contract when submitted for settlement arbitration. litex whitepaper moreover, lightning network, state channels, plasma and side chains all essentially organize, transmit data different forms off-chain and aim different application scenarios. finally, when settlement arbitration required, they all require users submit their own off- chain data the smart contract on-chain for consensus and fixation, completing the return state and assets. not difficult conclude from the above commonality analysis that layer actually design pattern. essentially, these solutions regard public chain the underlying consensus carrier, and promote the support for the application the upper layer. this the idea blockchain layering. therefore, believe that layering the best path for blockchain technology reach users'daily life well the architecture design that best fits the business logic and user understanding. litex architecture the litex structure divided into two major parts: on-chain contract and off-chain protocol. on- chain contract includes the payment channel contract and the business verification contract, fixing state and logic the consensus layer; off-chain protocol used process the organization, delivery, and verification data off the chain, providing sufficient data credibility. addition, litex provides set tools convenient for users perform data query, submission and chain verification such layer transaction browser, business verification platform, process playback tools, etc. the code for these tools and protocols will open source. any individual team can build reimplement data query and verification tools that suit their needs. litex overview litex whitepaper litex, layer application framework, adapted variety layer layer public chains. for better understanding, this whitepaper will use ethereum the basic chain describe litex's product and technology solutions. on-chain contract payment channel contract litex's payment channel series channel contract combinations that are highly customized for consumer scenarios basic the status channel. function-wise, addition the basic switch channel, deposit and withdrawal and asset preservation, also provides unique features such token combination, senseless upgrade, and readable transaction; type-wise, divided into unidirectional channel and bidirectional channel, which better meet the needs different business scenarios. switch channel deposit and withdrawal asset preservation for better understanding, map the asset system the crypto world the real world: first all, found that there cash this world where all assets are digital and recorded credible bank (public chain). each person's (public chain address) corresponds account balance (on-chain assets). the beginning, money transfer has through bank remittance (onchain transfer) with high fees and low speed. later on, banks introduce debit card (payment channel), fees caused transfer between cardholders extremely low and lightening fast. users need pre- deposit some money the debit card when they try activate card (open the channel). the balance insufficient, users can transfer from the account the debit card (deposit). the balance oversufficient, users can transfer back from the card the account (withdrawal); user can also cancel the debit card when they longer need (closed channel) and the unused funds the debit card will returned the bank account. how asset preservation reflected? the real world, banks are endorsed the state with high credibility. they will neither use the funds your card nor detain the balance when the card cancelled (except special circumstances). crypto world, trust provided the public chain, long users are able prove their identities with private key signatures, third party can stop users from withdrawal refund. this forced channel close, which grants the payment channel the ability secure assets. token aggregation litex able use the same contract carry the payment channels both eth and all the erc- tokens. token aggregation makes litex's payment channel unique, which fairly important because users can easily determine whether the target address the opening channel litex whitepaper points the official contract malicious fishing contract, thus ensuring asset security. with the decentralized address mapping service such ens, litex can also publicize the payment contract address more readable and easy-to-remember domain name like pay.litex.eth, further reducing the usage threshold and improving security. senseless upgrade non-tamperability smart contracts provides trust well peril. developer able guarantee their own code yield problems. product manager dares assert the design can meet all the future needs. therefore, maintainability the basics for consumer products. the product upgrade requires users'large amount time and money, even affecting the business operation the partners, then its design undoubtedly failure. litex's payment channel contract uses delegate call technology, which enables upgrade the contract without changing the contract address. after the upgrade, users with the old version can still use properly until the business process channel closed. when the channel open next time, the user flow can seamlessly switch the new contract logic. the stability the payment contract address allows developers worry nothing about business interruptions and user losses caused contract upgrades and integrate new features into your own products with assurance; seamless switching between new and old contracts provides the user with senseless experience blockchain technology, and avoid user losses caused frequently requiring user for cooperation. readable transaction blockchain users have long gotten used meaningless strings whether public key, private key, wallet addresses combined with bunch random letters and numbers with the only difference length, are digital signatures. it's just for money transfer, these gibberish often not problem all because only requires users double check the transfer amount and the payment address; but when comes contract call, users can't acquire the specific content when signing. it's like someone wants sign contract with you, but you can't understand the contract. such operation mode presents significant risk. signing non-typed data litex whitepaper ethereum's eip- specif ies new signature standard. the wallet and contracts are signed according this standard, users may acquire readable fields before signing, further get informed the specific content signed. this operation called signtypeddata. the litex payment contract fully supports the eip- specification. developers can customize the information that users need confirm when making payment request. (such currency, amount, order number, product information, etc.), users can fully aware which payment request corresponding the order they are signing when confirming the payment, greatly improving user experiences. signing typed data unidirectional channel the consumption scenario, merchant provides goods services the users, users pay funds the merchant, and the merchant receives the funds for consumption production. however, with restriction the payment channel, the funds received the merchant are still locked the channel and submitted on-chain contracts from payment contract after completing on-chain transaction. but this operation relatively complicated implement because the design the status channel bidirectional default. bidirectional channel, two ends are equally capable and free make transfers. one wants withdraw close the channel, order prevent from malicious behaviors, one has wait for the other party sign and authorize this operation; the other party off line for long time disagrees with this, the one who initiates has submit request force closing the channel, and get the fund back when the other party submits off-chain transactions waits over too long. this process very complicated and time consuming, and also interrupts the channel between the merchant and the user. the merchant needs perform the above process with multiple users when initiating withdraw, both parties will abandon this payment product. however, the payment behavior the practical scenario mostly unidirectional: funds are transferred from the consumer the merchant. once follow the unidirectional idea redesign the payment channel that funds can only flow from one end the other, will have solution that fits the practical use case and greatly simplifies the design the withdrawal process. unidirectional channel, only the payment from the user the merchant needs verified, the users not need ask the user for approval because the user's payment funds the channel are owned the merchant; merchants cannot forge more user payment credentials because they are unable grasp the users'private keys. merchants can unilaterally withdraw funds without disturbing users and only litex whitepaper need submit on-chain transaction complete the withdrawal even close the reopening channel. unidirectional channel will greatly increase the merchants' power control the funds the channel with the guarantee the safety users'funds. unidirectional channel one the results litex that combines technical solutions with practical scenarios and comprehensive optimization product solutions. simplifies the technical implementation while solving problems and exemplifies litex's design philosophy consumer blockchain application framework. business verification contract traditional layer contract: on-chain justice off-chain enforcement you have researched the current layer solution, you will find that the most difficult part the programming on-chain contract. on-chain contract layer equivalent automated court that needs cover all possible business situations, give out results and execute automatically when arbitration requested. the goal this kind contract fairly ideal, but the complexity implementation real life extremely high, especially the case where public chain has limited support for contracts. ideally, business logic can described finite state machine, and all results can described number determined operations and global state collection. each step the operation changes the current global state through the state machine, and then the participants sign, exchange global state and eventually submit the chain proof. practice, complete business logic difficult for fsm describe, some the steps may depend the intermediate results the previous steps, and may even require backtracking the previous input. the other hand, order process multi-step logic, the chain contract needs have the participants turn the business from off-chain on-chain any step, which not only greatly increases the difficulty development, but also creates dilemma for users such situations: either give the business and bear the corresponding loss default funds continue on-chain business and undertake the follow-up transaction costs on-chain. the real world, law contains description logic. for each specific case, the judicial system gives the conclusion and hand enforcement department for execution. the open source contract deployed on-chain has global consensus, and its logic and execution are deterministic. even contract deployer cannot modify it. this "code law" advocated the blockchain industry. not difficult find that smart contract more than law. since deterministic, covers the scope of"justice"and"enforcement"as well. for the simple scenarios like payment channel, the "one- stop" process can indeed improve efficiency and achieve the effect de-trust. but the real use case scenarios are often very complex, and difficult for consider all the boundaries needed for justice and law enforcement advance. even the rules have been polished relatively complete level, putting logic the judgment and execution with code on-chain contract extremely litex whitepaper complicated. complex code makes the contract's security and readability greatly compromised and hard commercially viable. believe that the consumer-level scenario, on-chain contract only needs responsible for rules publicity without having consider "enforcement." this the idea "on-chain verification, off-chain arbitration" demonstrated business verification contract business verification contract: on-chain justice off-chain enforcement business verification contract unique form contract litex framework. one hand, largely reduces the difficulty writing layer contract while allowing developers make full use the public chain consensus value. the other hand, the cost using business verification contract very low. without the need sending on-chain transaction, one can use the full-node query api get the verification result real time, which makes users pay extra cost whether verifying themselves verifying assistant third parties. from developer's perspective: developers don't need implement all business processes contracts when writing business validation contracts. rather, they only need put the most critical business needs and the most reflected logic into the contracts, avoiding extremely complex abnormal process and the handling on-chain process the current layer contract. with this idea, developers can modularize design process with ease. after defining data api with other business processes, they can use any necessary technology stack finish their business logic. this way, not only the development efficiency has been improved, but also the maintainability the product has been greatly enhanced because business logic that was originally implemented the contract can implemented with the traditional internet backend and maintained any time without the need redeploying the contract. from user's perspective: the user has any dissent the result during the use the application, the user can use data extraction tool provided the litex off-chain protocol, obtain the data corresponding off-chain query, and select trusted third-party data platforms (such etherscan.io, etc.) their own tools call the validation contract query, send off-chain data, get clear and easy-to-read verification results, and even play back the entire business process. litex business verification contract allows users easily experience the value the "verifiable" blockchain features, helping users deepen their understanding blockchain application and develop habit paying attention the legality data. off-chain protocol off-chain contracts are like anchors that specify what state legal and how commit them. with the guarantee contract, off-chain protocol can designed flexibly and presented various forms according needs. extreme example will be: two people who understand the contract can reach simple off-chain litex whitepaper protocol sending each other email containing the data off-chain; with the same contract, the other two people can even convert the signature data into code, print and mail with envelope the other party order reach more primitive under-chain agreement. all all, long the data off-chain meets the requirements on-chain contract, and can understood, generated and transferred involved participants, should qualified off-chain protocol. however, the design off-chain protocol the above example has fundamental premise users need have strong knowledge blockchain technology. for long, blockchain aimed tech people instead general internet users who barely understand the concepts, not mention the practical operations. the product structure layer more difficult comprehend than that on-chain contract. the off-chain protocol and products are not optimized, qualified user must: understand the design pattern layer understand the logic on-chain contract able discover anomalies off-chain data able submit off-chain data the contract preserve his her assets these requirements far beyond the capabilities the general user base and are typical industrial- grade design. support consumer applications, litex must break the assumption users'high ability when designing off-chain protocol, and look the problem from the perspective users and apply targeted optimization, that reduce users'perception and usage threshold blockchain products. existing problem users cannot control their own data off-chain data the only evidence that the user protects his her own rights. general, users are responsible for managing their own data well private key the crypto account that users have bear the loss themselves once lost. however, for general users who don't understand what database is, off-chain data invisible and uncontrollable. therefore, users can only hope for user interface display it. this creates huge deal inequality because the developers actually manage the off-chain data both parties. once problem occurs, difficult for users protect their rights developers don't provide api, users cannot even export their own off-chain data. users cannot handle connection drop addition the data control issue, the layer system itself has big problem connection drop. suppose there channel between alice and bob. under normal circumstances, when alice wants close the channel, bob online and agrees with this, they can close cooperatively. this the most ideal situation. bob disagrees, alice can submit mandatory channel close request the contract, then the contract will give bob time window long enough submit his own off-chain litex whitepaper data, case alice deliberately submits the data that benefits herself and causes bob losses. alice deliberately submits mandatory channel close request when bob offline for long time, she likely rob bob's assets the channel, which how the connection drop problem describes. the current solution this problem set "guardian" network users hire that submit off-chain data when connection drop happens. fact, users are very difficult convinced about spending money this service when they don't even understand the nature connection drop, which turn will make difficult for the nodes that provide this service recover the cost and establish such network. insufficient credibility off-chain data from developer's perspective, traditional off-chain protocol has the problem insufficient data credibility. off-chain data like chat information always peer-to-peer, which makes impossible for anyone other than the developer grasp the full picture the data. but the consumer area, product's number users, level user activities, income and other information are all extremely important measurement. good products hope share this the market. therefore, the current situation low data credibility has also caused great trouble developers. order solve the problems above, litex chose use the license chain solution the basis off-chain protocol which litex data chain, known ldc. unlike the side chain approach, ldc only carries the duty the organization, storage, and delivery data off chain the litex architecture without involving assets transfer. other words, ldc distributed database shared all applications and users within litex framework. the nodes the ldc are maintainers databases, verifiers off-chain data and guardians the users. this design solves problems above perfectly. ldc-litex data chains overview the ldc implemented license chain cluster. the number single-chain consensus nodes more than and the block generation time not more than .s. with tps less than and multi-chain integrated tps more than one million, can suffice the needs most current commercial products. ldc's consensus mechanism, cryptographic primitives, underlying database and virtual machine are all pluggable designs, and are compatible with ethereum's address format and signature algorithms and all its development tools. with the development litex multiple underlying public chains the future, the support for heterogeneous chains can continuously added ldc. ldc can control access based roles. its performance and privacy protection capabilities can also optimized the technology develops. consensus and nodes litex whitepaper ldc currently uses the pbft consensus algorithm, single-chain consensus network that consists nodes, ensure liveness and safety, while providing fault tolerance considering that performance and latency are greatly affected the number nodes, set more than ldc instantly deterministic. the nodes the ldc are divided into two types: the consensus node and the verification node. the former the full node and the latter the light node. consensus nodes have the rights create blocks and participate the governance, whereas the verification node only has permission receive transactions. joining node requires access check through the network. the identity verification failed, and even can successfully connect with other nodes the data network level, transaction data can obtained. the consensus node needs selected voting, and nodes with the highest number votes automatically obtain the block creation permission and the governance permission, and enjoy the block rewards and governance incentives. after the litex token locked the voting the underlying public chain, the corresponding voting rights can obtained the ldc, which can used vote for one more nodes. withdraw the vote, you need through the -hour unlock period get the litex token the underlying chain unlocked. the voting address can receive the governance incentive given the ecological fund, and the specific incentive method given the economic model section. license chain, ldc can dynamically adjust the block weight the consensus node. being adjusted once epoch, matches block rewards with staking and voting situations through weight adjustment, well lower the privilege unresponsive and unstable nodes. specific information the block rewards will discussed detail the economic model section. account and privileges ldc's accounts are divided into general accounts and contract accounts. the former account that has private key and public key, and can issue transaction. the latter account that has code logic and data storage. different from the public chain, the ldc account can grouped, which makes easier for privilege management. groups are achieved contracts. each group contains list accounts and subgroups, and records the identity the parent group, which forms tree structure. license chain, ldc has role-based rights management capabilities. the privilege system based contract implementation and can used for either setting privileges individual accounts creating roles for unified management. common privileges include sending transactions, creating contracts, adding deleting nodes, etc. one can customize other privileges based your business needs. default, ldc has superadmin super administrator account that can perform operations the highest privileges ldc, such addition and deletion consensus nodes, managing role litex whitepaper permissions, etc. however, underlying facility for application framework, ldc's data needs credible and governance authority also need implemented ecology, on-chain governance mechanism becomes essential functional module. on-chain governance on-chain governance refers management rules that can automatically executed according conditions during the operation the blockchain, such the granting and withdrawal node permissions, dynamic adjustment gas rates, etc. contrast, off-chain governance refers the process making decisions through the management committee, and then adjusting the rules chain through administrator privilege. self-evident that on-chain governance, without the risk centralized governance, more transparent and more efficient. therefore the preferred way governance blockchain. the ldc decentralizes super admin privileges into multiple sub-rights, each which can controlled one more governance contracts. this mechanism makes the implementation onchain governance transparent: the voting result the consensus node can automatically take effect and the synchronization between the voting result and the data the underlying public chain can also verified automatically. the business develops, on-chain governance can constantly revised and supplemented, just like laws the real world, which helps ensure the security the litex crypto economy light evolving challenges. privacy protection the credibility off-chain data great significance developers, but the privacy payment data also extremely important users. compared the services centralized architecture, ldc's data does not rely the storage the central server, can avoid data loss data leakage from single point failure. networking can minimize the exposure information like address; user accounts are created based cryptography, which does not need correspond the actual identity. these are the advantages ldc blockchain architecture for data privacy protection. however, blockchain still has privacy disadvantages. order quickly reach consensus and trace transactions, on-chain data open and transparent. therefore, anyone can see all the data from the genesis block current block and track all transactions. although the address information within the transaction does not correspond any real information, reality, the information the user real life will inevitably exposed. result, creates possibility that the address the chain can matched the identity off the chain; coupled with the traceability the blockchain transaction, more likely cause privacy leakage. response this problem, ldc has prepared two solutions. the first cryptography solution that can use zero-knowledge proof technology protect the privacy transactional data. once starts, does not need know the address information and transaction content the sender, only need provide relevant litex whitepaper proof. this solution can effectively protect the address information and transaction details the sender and receiver. however, may put bottleneck performance, and therefore suitable for use more critical business scenarios such payment scenarios. the other solution data isolation that separates sensitive data through side chain even outside the chain, and put the witness information that needs participate the consensus the ldc. this solution better performance, and easier combine with existing scenarios. connection drop prevention ldc can effectively solve the problem connection drop the layer solution. ldc nodes are ecological maintainers and beneficiaries. because each transaction will processed the nodes, the nodes will get the transaction fee benefits and have the responsibility and ability help users submit evidence chain case connection drop. addition, incentivize nodes, portion the fee income will set aside reward nodes that have successfully helped users submit off-chain data. when the user signs the off-chain data, authorization automatically issued, that all nodes that obtain this data can submit data the contract. the other hand, the applicant must apply force the closing the channel according on-chain contract oneself, not other addresses. with this mechanism, the node cannot maliciously replace the user perform the forced closing operation, and can only help the user submit off-chain data when the opponent initiates the forced closing operation, which fully guarantees the security the user's assets. advantages ldc improved data credibility license chain, the off-chain data stored ldc public and non-tamperable. developers are free change the data ldc. since off-chain data based the information queried the ldc, the developers cannot falsely report data numbers other layer scenarios. because developers cannot obtain user's private key, they cannot forge the off-chain data (ie, payment data) signed the user's main address. therefore, the data ldc largely reflects the actual operation the user, and therefore credible statistics, which the future can used measurement for applications the litex ecosystem. addition, ldc also resistant sybil attacks. since litex's payment channel unidirectional channel, developers can't falsify transaction volume creating multiple accounts and transfer between them. once the funds the channel are exhausted, funds can only traced through on-chain transactions new open channel. this method costs the same amount money and time directly forging the transaction volume with on-chain contract. for other layer solution that uses bidirectional channel, falsifying trading volume very easy. but because their off-chain data has credibility, directly reporting falsified data can more cost-efficient method. litex whitepaper secure data off-chain data the most important part the layer application. the user's asset security completely dependent the preservation and management off-chain data. ldc, via license chain, manages the off-chain data more secure way. there will data loss caused users clearing the cache accidentally deleting the application, and the application data will not corrupt due single point failure developer's server. user-friendly experience under the traditional layer application model, due lack tech knowledge, users not know where their own off-chain data located. also impossible for them extract such data for on- chain arbitration. they can only rely developers provide corresponding user interface order query and extract off-chain data. essentially, one party control off-chain data both sides, which makes users very vulnerable and passive. off-chain data stored ldc completely transparent, and users can query data with the official blockchain browser. they can also filter and group the data according the type application, interaction process, usage time that users can quickly identify what off-chain data they want arbitrate verify and submit the data with just one click. ldc's blockchain browser, verification platform and other technologies will completely open source. any third party can build and customize the data query and verification platform that conforms with the ldc data protocol, and then serve corresponding users. litex economic model multi-role layer ecosystem, litex needs set incentive rules ensure its health and growth, and return the value the ecology all participants. thus, litex issued litex token (the symbol lxt) implement this idea. lxt erc- token issued ethereum with total number billion. can neither minted nor destroyed. litex supports more public chains, lxt has the ability perform partial cross-chain migration demand, and the total number lxt the network will not increase the process migration. the distribution lxt shown appendix value capture lxt, token the litex ecosystem, required have the ability capturing the entire ecological value. litex's main product divided into two parts: cryptographic payment and business logic. since the resource consumption involved these two parts different from that litex whitepaper the main participants, necessary develop corresponding value capture method, taking into account the various roles the litex ecosystem and striving ensure the consistency interests all parties. addition, order encourage the nodes join the early stage ecology, litex will also take some the tokens block rewards, and assign all consensus nodes according block creations. cryptographic payment the endeavor ldc consensus node makes users securely and quickly pay through the payment channel the litex network. order maintain the security, stability and processing efficiency the litex network, the consensus nodes need invest lot money and energy facilitate the operation the node software. therefore, reasonable for the consensus nodes get certain percentage the fee from the total amount paid. the last guardian user transaction security, the verification node the litex network monitors each transaction the chain, ensuring that the network consensus node not working maliciously. therefore, the verification nodes should also get portion the transaction fee income. when user makes payment the litex network, he/she needs pay certain percentage the transaction fee according the type token actually used. the transaction fee will first distributed accordance the consensus node and the verification node, and then the proportion the number lxts staked their respective types nodes. specific allocation rules will described the value assignment section. business logic when developers are building litex, they need pay certain amount fees for occupying ldc's resources, which mainly include: computing resources, network bandwidth resources, storage resources, etc., wherein computing resources and network bandwidth resources are short- term consumption resources that will refreshed real time, and storage resources are longterm consuming resources, which require long-term storage costs for consensus nodes. therefore the economic model does not calculate the developer's consumption computing resources and network bandwidth the early stage, which has been subsidized block rewards the consensus nodes. but developers need pay certain amount cost for non-renewable storage resources. ldc will give developers some initial storage space, which free. nevertheless, the data grows, these spaces have not been updated for considerable period time, they may recycled after snapshot, and its contents are stored read-only form the archive server. order get more available storage space, developers need stake lxt, according the actual situation the application, get storage space the ldc network. because lxt non-inflation model, developers will not have actual financial loss. they are just locking the lxt liquidity obtain limited storage space from the ldc network. litex whitepaper block rewards the values described above depend the development the litex ecosystem. the ecology prospers, these values can bring considerable benefits all nodes. the early stage, however, difficult cover the cost maintaining the network. therefore, litex will come with portion lxt block creation incentives for the consensus node that participates the network construction the early stage. value distribution lxt, token the litex ecosystem, required have the ability capturing the entire ecological value. litex's main product divided into two parts: cryptographic payment and business logic. since the resource consumption involved these two parts different from that the main participants, necessary develop corresponding value capture method, taking into account the various roles the litex ecosystem and striving ensure the consistency interests all parties. addition, order encourage the nodes join the early stage ecology, litex will also take some the tokens block rewards, and assign all consensus nodes according block creations. payment fee allocation ldc space staking rate litex whitepaper block rewards unified value consensus node the main resource cost payer the network, the consensus node obtains the ecological reward from the ecosystem well transaction fees paid portion users; since developers need stake certain amount lxt get certain percentage storage space, guarantees that the consensus node does not need increase the hardware cost without upper limit. verification node security guardian for the entire network, the verification node can get some the ecological rewards from the system. can also obtain portion the transaction fees through staking lxt. addition, when the verification node finds transaction error the network the consensus node behaves maliciously, the verification node can submit for arbitration. the transaction confirmed wrong the behavior malicious, the verification node can also get additional verification rewards. users users mainly want obtain secure and efficient transaction transfer services. the consensus nodes ldc's single chain, certain extent, ensure the decentralized characteristics, reduce the possibility the consensus node behaving maliciously, and adopt efficient payment channel. provided with more than tps capabilities, users can get secure, efficient and low-cost transaction transfer experience. developers litex provides developers with complete technical solutions help traditional developers conveniently utilize blockchain technology build their own blockchain applications. will also litex whitepaper facilitate the growth products taking advantage the ecological infrastructure within the blockchain. litex ecology the entire litex ecosystem, consensus nodes, verification nodes, and developers all need freeze certain amount lxt get the dividend rights the corresponding transaction fees the required development resources. the entire economic model fully balances the interests all parties the ecosystem ensure the consistency the interests all parties. organization litex community foundation the litex community foundation based singapore and the legal body the litex community. responsible for litex's technology development, business operation and marketing, well all legal responsibilities litex. the litex foundation has highest decision-making committee that utilizes its power manage and constrain the various other agencies within the foundation. the decision-making committee has three-year term and will elected the litex community upon expiration. subordinate executive departments: technical department :mainly responsible for developing technical route, tech solution selection, architecture design, project development and management, and github repo update and maintenance for the litex community open source project. operations :mainly responsible for the operation and management the litex community, including community event planning, event execution and implementation community incentive programs. marketing :mainly responsible for community branding and marketing, business development, and construction community ecological. finance department :mainly responsible for the recruitment litex foundation volunteers, the management foundation members' financial related business. litex whitepaper litex lab guanghong ceo guanghong graduated from the department mathematics majoring cryptography peking and received master's degree from illinois institute technology majoring applied mathematics and computer science with research interest pki encryption system. once worked verisign and served risk strategy and security consultant deloitte. also participated the work payment information encryption certification during visa's ipo new york stock exchange well the work top global programs and companies information encryption and digital certification such apple, electronic arts (ea), and broadcom. has extensive experience cryptography and business applications, and currently serves the director corporate risk strategy kaiser. leo wang coo leo received his degree bachelor science (-) and master science (-) from the department computer science peking university. served operation manager "non- bank card payment" department yeepay, the world's largest decentralized payment product. serial entrepreneur, executive director peking university ceo club, and blockchain technology evangelist and practitioners. johnson zhang cto johnson received his degree bachelor science (-) and master science (-) from the department computer science peking university. blockchain expert, network security expert, full stack developer, ltxn designer. served senior r&d engineer ibm and sina weibo. frank lou cpo frank received his degree bachelor science (-) and master science (-) from the department computer science peking university. blockchain expert, project architect, full stack developer. has extensive experience combining product requirements and cutting-edge technology design solutions. teddy chu founding partner and vice president duolabao, former senior product operation non-bank card projects yeepay. also worked the product manager baidu shenbian team. received bachelor's degree and master's degree computer science and technology from beihang university. duolabao was once china's leading marketing and sales company offline payment, top three wechat payment service providers and serving more than million transactions every day. cornerstone investors and consultants chen investor co-founder and president yeepay. graduated from the department computer science peking university and gained years'experience the internet, e-commerce and software fields. litex whitepaper was the honor list people china mobile influence gold award" and awarded eworld e-commerce world china e-commerce marketing hundred people". the author the best-selling book "seeing the future: people changing the internet world." dawei chang investor founder and ceo duolabao, founder and former cto yeepay, and senior software engineer riverside silicon valley. received bachelor science degree computer science from peking university and master computer engineering from the university maryland. was also member the chinese engineers association silicon valley. jeffrey wernick consultant ph.d. economics and finance from the university chicago, early participant bitcoin, early investor uber and airbnb. lin cong consultant member the wall street blockchain alliance, string labs consultant, currently professor finance the university chicago, doctoral tutor, and professor east asian studies center, summa cum laude and phi beta kappa award winner. bin chen consultant former paypal senior architect. received master's degree from jilin university was the director system integration hitachi usa and the chief architect abacus, chief engineer internet applications nokia, having wealth overseas experience, years experience the payment industry. translated and published "architecture and the future", "architectural truth" and "data the future the road big data". the practitioner and preacher cutting-edge technologies. token fund investors litex whitepaper appendix litex token (lxt) distribution appendix ii: ldc consensus node configuration reference