new generation webcam platform november version www.livestars.io annotation live stars creating the new generation webcam platform that implements blockchain technology. the platform has transparent structure and offers multitude advantages against the projects currently existing the market. the main goals our project are create platform with automated system, eliminate the existing webcam industry problems, and organize the work the live stars' project. set ourselves number objectives: optimizing the internal business model, eliminating high commissions, eliminating the delays payments, improving the security, providing the users with complete anonymity, releasing the models' relationship with the client from any intermediaries and human errors, and making the platform more convenient for all participants. our experience the software development and blockchain technology, well our experience and internal knowledge the webcam industry, allows create modern platform, which will stand above all existing analogues. www.livestars.io www.livestars.io table contents introduction what live stars structure webcam industry, problems and solutions webcam industry: the main features the system problems the modern webcam industry and their efficient solutions from live stars problem lack user anonymity problem payment errors users problem low revenue share for models problem minimal amount, delays and errors payouts for models. problem lack access payout settings problem not transparent rating levels models problem insecurity personal data problem chargebacks (cancellation model's earnings) problem problems affiliates similar the problems models live stars' additional advantages competitor comparison industry facts conclusion live stars team advisors roadmap marketing plan crowdsale distribution tokens distribution funds terms and conditions www.livestars.io introduction today, the webcam industry has evolved from small adult entertainment niche into multi-million business with boundless prospects. however, currently all existing webcam platforms present number fundamental problems that dampen progress this industry, and this substantively diminishes the incomes those individuals involved, well reduces the interest any potential clients investors. because the no-opacity process, this segment often under negative criticism from the users and models. innovations the webcam industry today have become necessity. the overall level the technological solutions growing rapidly, which increases the requirement level the online entertainment form. www.livestars.io what live stars live stars the world's first webcam platform the online adult entertainment industry that using blockchain technology fundamentally upgrade the system and solve its main problems. live stars fundamentally new platform with different business model based the exclusion intermediaries and automating all the processes. implementation the smart contracts the business logic and financial platform segment provides for more effective, safe, and convenient interaction between users, models, affiliates, and the platform itself. the following chapters, will take closer look the existing problems and solutions live stars. live stars' platform uses its own token "live" form the payment for services rendered. live the only form payment. key features the platform are: full anonymity and safety its users the storage security and data encryption the absence the intermediaries and financial segment's limitations absence the minimum payments, limits and charge backs instant cash payouts without the third party involvement the highest revenue percentage for the models encryption the personal correspondence, including from the administration the streaming connection technology without using the servers earnings possibility for the users easier and more convenient work for the beginner models and affiliates transparency and the open source code www.livestars.io www.livestars.io structure webcam industry, problems and solutions webcam industry: the main features the system when speaking about problems the system, its structure should first discussed. several famous projects such as: livejasmin, chaturbate, bongacams, myfreecams, and others, hold the leading positions the market today. have carefully checked the activities these projects and can see number problems this obsolete business-scheme. participants the webcam system: the website-webcam platform, which provides access models' broadcasts. users who are interested models' services. models who are working within certain platforms according contracts. affiliates-partners who attract new users the website. webcam platforms, legal entity, can sign contracts with models employer, provide them with creditworthy web traffic and keep the license requirements' their control. activity the platform supported numerous staff, divided into different subdivisions: department payment acceptance, responsible for checking transactions, department verification for models, where models are being checked for compliance with the internal rules the site, well department payment for models, technical support, moderation department, marketing department etc. currently, the work the departments not automated the staff the leading webcam sites have process huge volumes information and requests manually and around the clock. cover the related costs, the platform has require substantial commissions from payments about thus, user has bought internal value tokens the amount usd and has sent this amount the model, she will only get usd. the commission level varies from depending the platform. get services the site-platform, user buys tokens. the purchase passes through different payments processors, after that transaction checked the payment department. case credit card fraud the case verified mistake, there possibility the department can require documentation order identify the person. documents are stored database for the future identification. the user has successfully passed the test, gets tokens his account and can transfer the models spend extra services the site. receive their earnings, the model has earn obligatorily minimal amount according www.livestars.io contract with the platform. rule, websites stipulate minimal amount usd. moreover, payments are transferred within strict fixed period time (mostly once week, certain day). during this hold, the model's account being checked for possible fraudulent activity. result, earnings models can blocked the administration until all circumstances will clear payment can completely denied. for example, saturday, model has earned usd for the first time and wants withdraw money onto her card. however, the site making payments only thursdays. from the date the request, there are days hold and thursday, the other instance called payout department making the money withdrawal manually. this real-life example, the model was waiting for money from the website for days. the livejasmin project pays the models days after the end the two-week period. money crediting can also take some time, depending the chosen method payout. bank transfers, for instance, takes business days. the same scheme working when payout transferred the studio where models have been hired. the studio agency are mediators between the platform and the models. the mediator takes commission from the model's earnings. the model works not individually, but for the studio, she gets average the amount that the user spends her. the principle minimal payments and expectation times are also valid for partners webcam sites so-called affiliates webmasters, who earn money attracting creditworthy web traffic. problems the modern webcam industry and their efficient solutions from live stars now, acknowledged the structure the webcam industry, can into deeper detail about the actual problems the system and their solutions, all offered our team. problem lack user anonymity each webcam site has its own database, where information about all registered users stored. www.livestars.io this includes the following: successful and declined purchases (transactions). names and surnames, mentioned during transactions. ip-addresses, geo-location. time login/logout and other system parameters. credit cards details other methods payments. numbers case they were requested and user has submitted them. all user activity also recorded, for example, payments certain models, times private chats. note, that all chats the sites are stored logs, including all private chats with models, and they can available for administrators any time check there has been any violation the stipulated rules. case the customer uses his own webcam the platform ("cam-to-cam" option), broadcast from user model going from the server the platform. means that private broadcast can watched the system administrator any other personnel. the system can easily track the repeated registrations and binds the real account owner accordance with available information. all this information controlled different employees the platform and since the system not open source, one can completely guarantee that the gathered data stored safely, encoded, and will deleted within certain time upon the user's request. live stars' solution: our team believes that users must complete anonymity and security. only such conditions can allow for the enjoyment the wide range services webcam for adults. services the live stars platform can only paid for using cryptocurrency tokens. lack payments from fiat currencies makes free from gathering and requesting the personal details from users. cryptocurrencies will bought users from outside services that way the live stars team won't have the access information about transactions. get services from models the live stars platform, user who tours the site has buy "live" tokens using another cryptocurrency. for our customers' convenience, there will conversion option accordance with current the exchange rates. case the customer prefers pay other currency, there will the possibility pass the independent outside service purchase cryptocurrency, including fiat currencies. www.livestars.io private video-chats, well private messages, will encrypted one-to-one without any mediators. currently, can accomplished when using such open-source projects like webrtc. all the above mentioned solutions will confirmed independent audit the source code which will the public domain. problem payment errors users within usual webcam platforms, all payments from users usually pass through many outside services payment acceptance. usage such huge system often leads failures and errors. result, money crediting the internal account user can postponed for indefinite period even cancelled. live stars' solution: mentioned above, all money transfers within the live stars are made exclusively cryptocurrencies. such format payment for the service much faster and safer method for any user. the transactions not require the involvement third-party intermediaries verification the platform staff. problem low revenue share for models the present moment, webcam platforms can seldom offer their models more than from the amount transferred the customer. moreover, payments not always correspond the promised rate different hidden fees and conversion rates sometimes lead partial deductions the total amount and this causes distrust amongst models. should also noted that there commission fee charged some e-wallets and internet banking solutions. live stars' solution: lack payment department, due its uselessness, well the automated work some other departments, allow our platform obtain economic efficiency. thereby guaranteeing the payment the models with the ability raise revenues from the total amount transferred the customer. thanks the open source code and lack mediators for payment acceptance, the financial area the platform absolutely clear for models. www.livestars.io problem minimal amount, delays and errors payouts for models. the minimum amount for possible withdrawal the model's finances today often not higher. even when the minimum amount reached, the model has wait for specific day the week, and even the end the payout's period, order receive their earnings. practice, lot beginner models, who tried themselves this role for the first time, are facing stiff competition from the top models and cannot collect the minimum amount. the prolonged payouts waiting time also undermines their trust and leads models terminating their work. live stars' solution: our platform ensures that the models have absolutely minimum amount for withdrawal. all payments the live stars platform are automated using the open smart contracts function, which completely eliminates the human factor, and significantly minimizes the risk losing money. thus, the model able withdraw any amount money the wallet any time. the beginner model, one that online for the first time, will able immediately withdraw the resulting earnings. live stars provides the lowest learning curve within the webcam industry. the probability that the model, one that started working for the first time, will continue earn through live stars multiplying. for convenience, the model's cabinet will offer the possibility convert the live token into any other popular cryptocurrency. problem lack access payout settings the present moment, payment settings are available for the administration the webcam platform only. change the method payment other settings, the model has contact the correspondent department, where will required confirm the identity documentation. obvious that such system requires extra time and effort, both for the website staff, and the models. live stars' solution: our platform, there are limiting settings for payment transfer. this helps diminish the staff and some departments make the company economy more efficient. models will have full control over their finances. www.livestars.io problem not transparent rating levels models obvious that popularity and earnings the model directly depends her position the site's top lists. currently, none the webcam platforms shows the processing algorithm for the rating levels the public. this inevitably causes conflicts and suspicions. live stars' solution: the processing algorithm rating levels our platform will intuitive for everyone. moreover, our open source system allows everyone make sure that the models' positions are made automatically, correctly, and impartially. problem insecurity personal data order prove the age the model, the model has submit copy her when registering any webcam sites. this information stored database for further verification even case account removal the model. if, the future, the model will register the website again, her new account will connected with the existing database record. blocked models won't able pass registration again and can checked with the saved data. currently, there possibility check and make sure that files with the documents are encoded and safe enough. there guarantee that data cannot caught intruders. there also confidence the fact that files could deleted after certain amount time. live stars' solution: our platform organized way that allows the model upload delete all the necessary information themselves, which guaranteed the open source code. after any document uploaded and verified the administration, will encrypted. the model deletes the document, she will not able start stream and will only allowed continue after the document uploaded and verified again. problem chargebacks (cancellation model's earnings) nowadays, stolen credit cards are often used pay for the model's services. this case, it's fairly easy for the actual owner the card prove that they haven't made any payments the platform. that happens, the website obligated return the charged amount back the owner's account. sometimes, the funds are withdrawn from the model's account, which violates the values fair labor compensation. www.livestars.io live stars' solution: since all financial activities the live stars platform are made using cryptocurrency, credit card fraud becomes impossible. this gives the models full confidence the security their earnings. problem problems affiliates similar the problems models one the most important aspects any webcam system its affiliates the website's partners whose responsibilities include attracting financially reliable web traffic the platform. they encounter some the aforementioned problems: the minimum withdrawal amount, waiting for the payment period, possibility payments being declined etc. live stars' solution: mentioned before, there are minimum withdrawal amounts the live stars platform, which provides immediate payments, guaranties delays, and eliminates the human factor from the equation. the system functions automatically, which firm guarantee both the integrity and transparency payments for the models and any associated affiliates. this provides simple learning curve and rapid earnings. www.livestars.io live stars' additional advantages there will purchase limits the platform. plan cut server maintenance expenses significantly utilizing peer-to-peer content distribution network for public streaming. additional work will done order make our platform compatible with the modern lovense and ohmibod toys. these are simple adult toys which react the amount the tip given the user and are very popular with the models. private video chats and messages will carried out through webrtc 'one-to-one' principle without server. mediators (including administrators) will have access private information. the live token acquisition interface will simple and intuitive, and easy understand step-by-step video instructions will also available. users who are not familiar with cryptocurrencies will given the option exchanging fiat money with just few clicks. withdrawals for the models, affiliates, and users will possible several popular cryptocurrencies. the platform, the prices will displayed both live and usd, for the convenience users. the platform will have improved system referrals, providing opportunity earn not only for the models, but also for the users. current websites include single-tier referral program. thanks the blockchain's reliability and our automated system, created multi-tiered referral program for all the people involved without any glitches time limitations. payout department billing department days checking transaction model user smart-contract webcam site model buying tokens payment processors live stars buying tokens user www.livestars.io competitor comparison live stars streamate chaturbate bongacams livejasmin %-% payout delay days days days period days hold) days days period days hold) days min. payout amount decentralization open source blockchain usage user anonymity revenue share www.livestars.io industry facts the following information has been collected based the work the technical support one the top webcam sites: the technical support department receives average chats per day and receives average emails with various problems. the applications are related changing the payment method for the models/studios. another problem when the users purchase tokens the user performed one the payment methods available but did not receive the tokens. requests are related deletion the accounts and personal information from the database. all the accounts are possible recovery. the applications are related the uncertainty the model's display the ranking page. are related the problem not getting models paid out from the webcam payout department. the remaining are technical problems associated with broadcasting and other issues. average, there are new model registrations top website per day. them are the new models who never before worked this particular platform. these new models become successful models that work the future well. the new models stop working before they can collect the minimal amount for withdrawal. the newly registered male models never collect the minimal amount for withdrawal. www.livestars.io conclusion while working the study, performed additional survey among models and users. the models were asked specify some the aspects the current webcam sites they were not content with. high commissions, long waits for payments, doubts about confidentiality and the security their personal data was mentioned. the users who were presented with similar questions stated their disappointment the fact that the majority their payments goes the platform's owners, not the models. they are also concerned about their anonymity and security. they also experience delays when making purchases and bad service. our project team took the participants' wishes and growing demand into account, while also achieving cuts expenses automating business processes and getting rid unnecessary departments. the live token will the only possible form payment the live stars platform. token emission limited. the tokens will the hands investors, while the remaining tokens that are unsold during the crowdsale will burned. are sure that the integration the latest technological solutions and live star's open-book policy will soon become great advantage marketing campaigns and will allow the project take leading position webcam industry. www.livestars.io live stars team now, the project team consists main specialists. during the development phase, plan expand the team. later there will live stars model management department and the marketing department, both headed highly qualified specialists their respective fields. alexander kansky aleksander the lead programmer the live stars project who has broad skills and considerable experience field. started his software developer career and started work senior software developer. has worked various international large-scale projects and also took part creating the architecture one the leading webcam platforms. has master's degree applied mathematics. martins heidenbergs martins organizational lead live stars project and also charge token sale marketing. has degree information technology project management. has participated different projects global scale and has work experience large international company. his main goal everything possible create excellent product and ensure live stars success! oleg kurov oleg programmer live stars project. has wide experience programming high-load administration systems international company, and always keeping with the latest software design patterns and standards. his creative thinking essential solving non-trivial problems. linda gabrane linda the head live stars finances and community management. she charge budgeting and business analytics well community management. her main task provide creative alternatives and recommendations reduce costs and improve financial performance taking into account company's goals and financial standing. she has work experience the banking sector. aleksander rivkin aleksander designer live stars platform and responsible for the interactive aspects live stars platform and ensuring the service convenient for both models and members. has over years experience design feature rich apps websites with deep engagement and large user base. advisors anton shayakhov and marketing experience. eight years experience start-ups and large corporations. marketing agency founder. www.livestars.io roadmap september live token presale october january marketing and preparation live stars token sale team expansion pre-alpha development january february live stars token sale february march alpha version development wallet development partnership with other blockchain projects for the platform's functionality improvement. april acquisition the necessary licenses beta-version development security audit q-q final release start marketing campaign bringing models, affiliates, users conference and meeting participation (lalexpo, awsummit, thephoenixforum etc.) www.livestars.io marketing plan promote live stars, month marketing plan was created with the description the tasks for each month. this includes: unique selling offer audience research brand analytics and kpi ppc seo activation and retention co-marketing working with users community management gantt chart resource spending and more this document goes beyond describing the live stars platform, for simplicity's sake was compiled separate file. you may introduce yourself with the marketing plan following this link: https://livestars.io/marketing_en/ www.livestars.io crowdsale the crowdsale launch date set for ... collection the funds and emission the live stars tokens are intended finance the live stars marketing and advertising platform, well the software development for the live stars platform. the live tokens will used pay for the services within the live stars platform. sending the funds during the token sale can performed using the eth and btc currencies. the contract address will available the website https://livestars.io after the crowdsale begins. the tokens will immediately transferred after receiving the funds the contract address. there will tokens-"live" emitted. the token sale (january february soft cap hard cap cost live unsold tokens will burned. the soft cap not reached, the funds will automatically refunded the participants smart contract. the tokens allocated the team reward will frozen for year after the crowdsale. www.livestars.io distribution tokens crowdsale team live stars fund presale bounty compaigns will available for participants during the presale stage will available for participants during the second round the crowdsale will allocated the live stars fund the team will receive bonus will allocated bounty campaigns www.livestars.io distribution funds marketing software development legal software development the funds will allocated the main group live stars developers for financing the creation the initial prototype and after that creation all the necessary improvements order obtain fully working version. includes the costs independent safety audits. marketing the funds will allocated marketing, attraction and engagements the models and users the existing live stars platform. legal the funds will allocated the development solid legal basis for the live stars platform. www.livestars.io terms and conditions the provided materials are strictly informational nature and are means offer sell stocks other securities the live stars platform nor appeal for such activities. absence the controlling right the conditions owning live tokens exclude any proprietary rights title ownership live stars for the user. also, the purchase the token does not give the owner the right take part the decision making process matters business development connected the live star platform, however, personal opinions and reviews the community might taken into account during discussion such matters. live tokens are used only for purchasing services live stars platform. absence guarantees income and profit provision all the provided calculations income and profit are illustrative nature, they demonstrate the goals and the average results for the field. the given calculations not guarantee the achievement the given results according the marketing plan. standard ambiguity the technologies, which are related the blockchain, are subject monitoring and control various regulatory authorities all over the world. live tokens might subject one more inquiries and actions from their side including but not limited posting restrictions use ownership digital tokens, such live tokens. these restrictions might slow down limit the functionality reacquisition live tokens the future. live tokens are not investment live stars tokens are not regarded official investments investments effectual law. case unforeseen circumstances, the goals provided this document can changed. the parties partaking the purchase live stars' tokens bear all the risks the given transaction. the danger quantum computers contemporary informational technologies, such the development quantum computers, may create danger for the cryptocurrency, including live tokens. insufficient implementation despite the fact that live tokens should not regarded investment, they may, time, acquire value. their value might also fall the live stars platform experiences shortages their purchase and usage. risk money loss the funds obtained during the ico process are not ensured. case loss value, there private public insurance representative whom the buyer may refer. www.livestars.io risk failure not impossible that the live stars platform and all the following marketing actions connected it, due various reasons including inadequacy business agreements marketing strategies, will not able achieve success using the funds from current ico. risk new technologies cryptocurrencies, including live tokens, are new and not fully proven technology. there are additional risks, which might not foreseeable this point time and which can presented different types risks from the ones stated above. consent the terms and conditions warranty you agree that the usage inability use live tokens you carried out your own risk, therefore you will not hold the live stars platform accountable. live tokens will sent you without warranty, explicit implied. agreeing the aforementioned terms and conditions you renounce any guarantees commercial value for accomplishment certain goal and accept the name with intellectual rights infringement. due the fact that some jurisdictions not allow far exclusion implied guarantees, the mentioned above exclusions the implied guarantees may not applied you. www.livestars.io