lobstex (lobs) zerocoin: masternodes: anonymous trust thy trustless whitepaper lobstex whitepaper introduction cryptocurrency digital asset that inherently act exchange medium using the technology cryptography safely secure it's concerned transactions resulting control the newly generated additional currency units and subsequently verifying the asset transfer. look back the history cryptocurrencies, satoshi nakamoto, the pseudonymous inventor bitcoin, never had the intention inventing cryptocurrency viz. bitcoin. nakamoto, made announcement late about bitcoin, mentioned about the development electronic cash system based peer peer. "announcing the first release bitcoin, new electronic cash system that uses peer-to-peer network prevent double-spending. it's completely decentralized with server central authority". satoshi nakamoto, january announcing bitcoin sourceforge. nakamoto, took along the concept digital cash and added dimension decentralization, after the concept digital money failed decade ... after more than decade failed trusted third party based systems (digicash, etc), they see lost cause. hope they can make the distinction, that this the first time know that we're trying nontrust based system". satoshi nakamoto e-mail dustin trammell lobstex whitepaper the problems faced this system were double spending and consensus system verify without having central authority control. network having decentralized perspective, there particular server. thus, every single unit node network fulfil this promise completing the job. the network works the basis every single peer having list all transactions verify and check regarding the validity and forthcoming transactions and minimise the risk double spending. the proposed consensus included set rules, most which regard transaction's validation and transaction's block. the latter are transaction groups close time, cryptographically concatenated compose the blockchain, that led birth cryptocurrency. lobstex whitepaper source: blockgeeks the main properties cryptocurrency includes: irreversible (once transaction made not possible retrieve back), pseudonymous (neither the transaction nor accounts are connected there real identities users), permission-less (no central authority monitor and gatekeeping your transactions blockchain), boundary-less (no geographical boundaries for any transaction), secure (cryptographically only public key visible, private key always protected), fast (transaction takes place near instantaneous real time). evolution privacy the first cryptocurrency i.e. bitcoin works the principle transparency unprecedented level which the people find difficult comprehend. every transaction made bitcoin blockchain traceable, public scrutiny and are stored blockchain network permanently. the addresses used bitcoin blockchain provides the visibility and information regarding the origin and destination bitcoin transactions. although, the addresses are private nature but overtime they can easily traced with the help tracking back transactions blockchain and can pinpointed the origin providing complete history all the nature, time and place (ip) locate the same. the bitcoin blockchain transparent anyone can track the final and used balance wallet address. the users provide the identity wallet address offer and receive services/goods, the anonymity transaction gets hampered. given the nature permanency blockchain what might not traceable trackable presently could traced easily future. advice users can provided users generate new addresses for every transaction internet. the bitcoin was perceived lobstex whitepaper anonymous network for payment flow, however, the pinnacle transparency decentralized network. the basic ideology behind the first cryptocurrency bitcoin and for that matter every other crypto world was created with intention removing the centralized governance prevailing monetary system and providing the power and governance people snatching from the governance governments and centralised banking system. the technology cryptography was used make the monetary system transparent and free from the clutches centralization. the transparent technology behind bitcoin provided alternative controlled monetary assets having the various layers security and anonymity extent. fungible: every unit the crypto currency base has the same value and can interchanged mutual basis. there inherent risk blacklisting and debasement because depreciated transactional history private: upto certain extent the transactions, the wallet, history and nature are not traceable easily decentralized: every node the network has equal controlling power over blockchain minimizing the centralized nature prevailing monetary currencies. the crypto does not represent any central authority adhere to. the revolution financial sector sermonize the needed freedom managing and maintaining one's financial aspect transferring value from one end another without having any pre required permission from centralised agencies whether government banks any third party, giving the lobstex whitepaper transparency all transactions provided used for only legal means, for this purpose was created. masternode "if you don't find way make money while you sleep, you will work until you die." warren buffett masternode can best described network decentralized nodes utilize some peculiar functionality which normal node doesn't entails. the basic features includes instant transactions with the privacy status addition bring stability blockchain. the masternodes perform some other functions too comparison normal nodes. the masternode function was first conceptualized the cryptocurrency dash. the special functions which master nodes perform comparison normal nodes are: heightening the private nature transactions making transactions instantaneous providing base for healthy governance and equality voting system additionality budget provisioning and treasury functions lobstex whitepaper the masternodes (mn) does not work standalone point, however, are always interacting and communicating with other basic nodes make the network more decentralized and performing the required functionality. however, special category which comes with some pre qualification enjoy the higher benefits compared basic nodes keep the systematic malignancy abyss. there are some entry point barriers operate masternodes one need keep collateral the basic currency units under lock, and varies from one currency other. the basic requirements setup lobstex masternode: minimum amount coins lobs separate vps (virtual private server) ubuntu operating for hosting wallet dedicated address the same additional storage space for saving the blockchain the masternode owners gets incentivized more providing collateral the blockchain system compared pow pos miners. result this, masternodes give genuine services the whole blockchain validation system bondage. the concerned bondage not permanent the owners are responsible for providing stability collateral liquidating shutting the node off. the benefits having masternode weighs more not having one, provides more consistency and locking the coins means less circulating supply resulting appreciation concerned cryptocurrency. lobstex whitepaper proof stake (pos) proof stake system validating the transactions blockchain achieve consensus distributed manner. the algorithm different from proof work, however the purpose and outcome remains same keeping the process unlike. the first time proof stake was idealized cryptocurrency forum bitcointalk dated back initial stage bitcoin however, the idea was first conceptualized cryptocurrency name peercoin back later followed other coins like blackcoin, navcoin, nxt, etc system proof work the miners are rewarded solve complex mathematical problems governed algorithm with aim validate the given transactions blockchain and generating new blocks, however, case proof stake the algorithm determines and chooses the new block simplistic and deterministic manner which depends the wealth wallet holder, called staking. there block reward proof stake like pow, the crypto currency coins generated from the start remains unchanged and there reward per block, the transactional fee taken miners, thus, the system pos, miners might also called forgers. the validators proof stake does not use the computational power their machines, the only requirement having the number coins lobstex whitepaper your wallet and staking them receives new coins depending the complexity and difficulty concerned blockchain. the number coins your wallet wealth determines the stake coins one will generate over the course time. the new scenario such staking has opened the options discourage pow coins future because the benefits entails: the pow requires high computational power from machines, however pos simplistic and resulting huge savings energy, which unfortunately limited resource. comparison pow, the chain pos safer, network attacks blockchain become highly expensive, take case hacking where attack happens and the reaction will high appreciation coin value market, thus making more unlikely. the proof stake system algorithm, the efficiency generating new coins increases manyfold environmental friendly and having substantially low costs compared pow gauging more participation from the coin holders masses which finally result the main aim creating blockchain's decentralization freeing from the clutches autocratic monetary system. lobstex whitepaper zerocoin protocol zerocoin aims the protocol which decentralized nature using the e-cash schematics providing quite proven user anonymity and security coin based simplistic assumption distributed consensus online and append-only transactions over the blockchain. zlobs works zerocoin protocol enforcing zero-knowledge proofs. the zlobs (zerocoin) feature will activated block when the pow will end. how mint process: firstly you need select the number coins when you want send private transaction with zlobs. after determining the numbers, the balance your normal coin will reduce crediting the new zlobs having history transaction. the concept burning comes picture, the old coins gets burned using cryptography making inaccessible and creating preventive shield use old coins anyone chain and tracking the same one's transactional history. the total supply remain unchanged with new coins system and old coins being burnt, one ready the most private transaction world without having any traceability. the denomination minting zlobs are ,,,,,, and currently lobstex chain. take example new zlobs minted, after burning the old coin instantly the new coins zlobs will credited your wallet having history whatsoever. lobstex whitepaper how spend: you want make private and anonymous transaction, the new zlobs will used the process. the amount will sent wallet with history attached it, any denomination choice from the pool. repeating the process the same manner, whenever private transaction the need, the wallet owner will mint the new coins and send new wallet 'n' number times, keeping the privacy focus. the anonymity feature lobstex (lobs) offers the par level best practices crypto world when one mints and spend the zlobs (zerocoins) there are two layers systems lobstex (lobs) lobs (as the base coin) zlobs (zerocoin) lobs the base coin chain, which acts normal coin compared any other blockchain coin like bitcoin. every transaction lobs visible the chain using explorer and transparent nature, keeping the address same level bitcoin blockchain having public history and accessible all. the zlobs (zerocoin) layer however will provide the full privacy and anonymity the transaction and works using the method minting new coins and spending the same. the zerocoin protocol the mechanism where the old coins are burnt provide new coins with history and then converting the new coins old coins, and the process goes and remove the traces any public visibility. contrast other methods lobstex whitepaper coins having mixing algorithm, zlobs does not interact rely upon any other wallets entity for mixing coins, thus works the fundamental creation new coins lobstex's own zerocoin protocol instead relying unhealthy mixing old coins which might prove vulnerable regard full privacy. budget system and governance lobstex budget system allows for community based governance. the fundamental challenge blockchain comes when the work gets halted after the deployment due lack funds. thus, there has always been pressing need for additional funding order carry the process and development. lobstex budget system allows for the necessary funding for developers fee, marketing and miscellaneous tasks performed. how budget system works lobstex budget system relies the fair and transparent governance community. the masternode holders who can vote for particular budgetary task. the 'yes' has more than 'no', for task accepted. the budget proposals can seen from tools, debug console wallet using "mnbudget show" command and voted using "mnbudget vote" the console. keep the community driven projects focus will more development project and it's marketing strategies. lobstex derives the value from the consensus system governance give equal opportunity take part the process decision making for the future needs. the master nodes apart from providing the stability blockchain keep the decentralized governance control. lobstex whitepaper lobstex (lobs) specifications website: www.lobstex.com official launch date may, coin basic specs name: lobstex ticker: lobs algorithm: quark type: pos and pow (initially) rpc port: port: blocks block time: sec structure: pow inf: pos total supply: infinite million years) circulating supply: mil lobstex whitepaper masternodes collateral: lobs mature time hours reward structure: reward, miners masternodes, miners inf masternodes, stakers staking block rewards per block (anti instamine) per block per block inf: per block zerocoin protocol zlobs activated block wallets www.lobstex.com https://github.com/avymantech/lobstex/releases/tag/v. block explorer http://explorer.lobstex.com/ https://lobstex.chainmapper.com/ github https://github.com/avymantech/lobstex lobstex whitepaper roadmap new exchanges whitepaper, zerocoin protocol, publicity mobile wallets, partnerships, new exchanges lobs exchange, dealership program, bigger exchanges colossal protocol,qr integration, marketplace exchanges fatbtc https://www.fatbtc.com/ cryptobridge https://crypto-bridge.org/ graviex https://graviex.net/markets/lobsbtc contact support@lobstex.com vacancy@lobstex.com market@lobstex.com social ann https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. twitter https://twitter.com/lobstexofficial discord https://discord.gg/pduxuh telegram https://t.me/lobstexofficial reddit https://www.reddit.com/user/lobstex medium https://medium.com/lobstex lobstex whitepaper