epa per decentralised crypto marketplace, owned the community prepared for public release prepared localcoinswap localcoinswap localcoinswap table contents abstract ................................................................................................................................. problem overview ...................................................................................................................... creating the solution ................................................................................................................ localcoinswap cryptoshares ...................................................................................................... cryptoshare overview ................................................................................................... how works ..................................................................................................................... dividend and voting tokens ......................................................................................... currencies offered dividend payment ..................................................................... airdrops new token listings ........................................................................................ decentralisation ownership ......................................................................................... transparency ................................................................................................................ cryptoshare ico issuance .......................................................................................................... general overview ....................................................................................................... cryptoshare allocation ................................................................................................ allocation breakdown ................................................................................................. hard and soft capitalization ........................................................................................ crowdsale bonus structure ......................................................................................... use funds raised from cryptoshare issuance ........................................................ use revenue the localcoinswap platform ....................................................... technical information ................................................................................................. localcoinswap trading platform .............................................................................................. platform overview ........................................................................................................ coins offered ................................................................................................................. escrow system ................................................................................................................ dispute resolution .............................................................................................................. user feedback .................................................................................................................. community engagement ................................................................................................... security ............................................................................................................................. simplified fee structure ............................................................................................... new business ventures ..................................................................................................... roadmap ................................................................................................................................... value proposition .................................................................................................................. value overview ............................................................................................................... cryptocurrency markets sector analysis ..................................................................... markets industry analysis ..................................................................................... revenue projection .......................................................................................................... about the team and company .................................................................................................... core development team ......................................................................................................... questions answers .............................................................................................................. appendix ............................................................................................................................... terms and conditions ............................................................................................................. localcoinswap abstract localcoinswap (lcs) decentralised marketplace which allows buyers and sellers trade directly any cryptocurrency using any method payment. localcoinswap provides safe, uncomplicated and fast peer-to-peer (pp) trading platform, allowing users freely exchange without unnecessary verification requirements waiting times. the platform utilises secure escrow system that solves the inherent trust issues online trading. localcoinswap holding crowdsale event lcs cryptoshares. cryptoshares are digital asset which will used facilitate distribution all profits made the localcoinswap platform, addition all profits made new business ventures under the localcoinswap umbrella. cryptoshare holders will additionally receive airdrops new ico tokens listed the localcoinswap platform. the platform implements novel approach traditional company ownership utilising blockchain technology distribute the entirety the site's profits holders lcs cryptoshares. this asset entitles investors regular dividend payments denominated all the currencies traded the platform. holders the cryptoshare may also participate the long run vision and decision making the company itself through democratic voting proofof-stake system. this replicates the dividend payments and shareholder voting traditional companies, with the added benefits blockchain technology and decentralisation. funds raised from this crowdsale event will used expand and speed the development the localcoinswap platform and increase the number cryptocurrencies which the platform able support release. centralised cryptocurrency exchanges their current form are fraught with inefficiencies, security risks, long wait times and unreasonable verification requirements. this results high barriers entry for huge number potential users. commonplace also are unethical business practices including insider trading, front running, and deceptive pricing. long these problems exist, there will always demand for marketplaces. marketplaces provide direct access between buyers and sellers, which represents the truest form free market trading. the future the digital currency ecosystem relies the development robust exchange which supports diverse choice cryptocurrencies. the innovative distributed ownership model offered lcs cryptoshares will bridge this gap the market, while delivering the profits the platform back into the hands its users. addition, localcoinswap will the catalyst for expansion the cryptocurrency market enabling new users through the elimination all barriers entry. localcoinswap problem overview cryptocurrencies and other digital assets are revolutionising the financial ecosystem. alone the market capitalizations all digital currencies grew billion ($,,,) usd (source: coinmarketcap.com) unfortunately the growth the cryptocurrency economy has been fraught with friction from the banking system. hostile regulatory environments and conservative institutions have closed the accounts traders and exchanges en-masse, spread contention the media, and forced the implementation onerous verification procedures which have transgressed the privacy the community. the rise cryptocurrencies has created huge economic and investment opportunities. however, many people remain the sidelines due lack patience tech-savviness, inefficient and lengthy subscription processes, and security concerns. opening trading accounts exchanges can especially difficult task for users. many exchanges restrict the registration new accounts require users expose themselves identity fraud and theft submitting pictures their passports and personal documents online. users are regularly asked transfer funds overseas companies countries with legal oversight. existing markets are also highly fragmented and non-inclusive. traders who wish buy and sell outside the top few cryptocurrencies must access both exchange and centralised mainstream exchange. present there lacks single mainstream marketplace which allows more than one cryptocurrency traded for fiat currency simultaneously. this has created additional onerous fees for users whose only desire purchase nonmainstream cryptocurrency with fiat cash their starting point, they must utilise more than one exchange and pay all associated fees complete their purchase. they must also pay the transaction fees involved withdrawal from one marketplace another. this increases not only user inconvenience and wallet software requirements, but also user exposure platform failure hacking. addition, the centralised ownership and clandestine company structure mainstream exchanges allows little investment opportunity for the typical individual. top exchanges have daily volumes the billions dollars, and investors have mechanism through which they can share the profits. giant monopolies now dominate the cryptocurrency exchange market counterintuitively the very fundamental global economic inefficiencies that blockchain technology has the ability solve. localcoinswap creating the solution the digital ecosystem here stay, and the mainstream economy beginning embrace the ideas decentralisation and unrestricted trade. localcoinswap represents return the most fundamental system asset exchange without reliance mainstream institutions the trade. enabling trading all digital currencies localcoinswap will put the market back into the hands its users, allowing them directly trade any cryptocurrency using any conceivable payment method any geographical location. there currently gap the cryptocurrency market creating unserviced demand. across community forums and social media sites which traders participate, common frustration that users are unable quickly easily purchase non-mainstream cryptocurrencies. users also express repeated concerns about overseas banking transfers and onerous verification procedures. the localcoinswap infrastructure will close this gap the market, not only offering exchange for all cryptocurrencies, but also tokenizing ownership the exchange itself into the hands its users through the world-first cryptoshare system. the lcs cryptoshare system utilises blockchain technology replicate traditional company ownership through shares more secure and decentralised manner. much like the issuance regular shares and profits distributed through dividends, localcoinswap issues cryptoshares which entitle holders regular redeemable dividend tokens. unlike traditional financial organization the ownership and dividend structure localcoinswap hosted entirely the blockchain, providing publicly auditable and unforgeable ledger the company's financial performance. lcs cryptoshares allow all traders the exchange take ownership the platform they are trading on. despite the straightforward nature this concept, localcoinswap the first ever implementation exchange where the profits are distributed entirely through smart contract cryptoshare system, with the initial launch planned august localcoinswap localcoinswap cryptoshares cryptoshare overview lcs cryptoshares are not like traditional ico tokens. instead vague promise possible future returns idealistic visions which may never eventuate into product, cryptoshares entitle the holders guaranteed rights the total profits from the localcoinswap exchange through cryptocurrency dividends. cryptocurrency profits are paid shareholders the same cryptocurrencies which they are made, allowing the investor receive regular stream portfolio income. holding single cryptoshare asset, the investor entitled wide variety cryptocurrency profits across the entire spectrum the digital economy. cryptoshare holders are also entitled receive airdrops new tokens when ico's are listed the localcoinswap platform. addition, lcs cryptoshares entitle the holder voting rights the platform's decisionmaking process, such the listing new tokens the exchange, the direction new business ventures and design considerations functionalities for the platform. cryptoshares localcoinswap are more than just stream dividends, investing you become integral part the future the exchange itself. how works invest localcoinswap investor purchases lcs cryptoshares during ico using variety cryptocurrencies eth investors send from erc compatible wallet receive eth dividend payments original wallet investing with other cryptocurrency, investor provides the desired erc compatible address receive lcs cryptoshares receive lcs cryptoshares once payment completed, smartcontract preminted lcs cryptoshares are sent the nominated erc address lcs cryptoshares may traded like any other erc compliant digital asset receive dividend token the end the financial period exchange profits are calculated, and lcs dividend tokens are issued lcs cryptoshare holders lcs dividend tokens may traded like any other erc compliant digital asset redeem cryptocurrency dividend investor signs lcs dividend token with corresponding cryptocurrency addresses redeem dividends once signed, lcs dividend tokens are burnt prevent double spending localcoinswap the protocol behind the lcs cryptoshare, dividend distribution and voting token provably achievable with existing technology and does not require any fundamental advances blockchain technology implement. the development focus the cryptoshare the direct utility provides for the user rather than aiming disruptive technology. the end each financial period, profits for all cryptocurrencies are calculated and published publicly before being distributed back lcs cryptoshare holders. dashboard available the localcoinswap platform detailing the dates, amounts and distribution details for the current period. claim dividends such eth, btc, bch, dash, etc, monero, the holders lcs cryptoshares are automatically entitled claim erc dividend tokens -to- basis according their holdings cryptoshares. after claiming the dividend tokens, holders can use the token sign message containing their wallet addresses for the currencies they wish claim. they then broadcast the message and dividend tokens back localcoinswap's decentralised contract address, which point the dividend currencies are transmitted automatically their respective wallets. alternatively, the dividend tokens can redeemed directly into the wallet balances user accounts the localcoinswap platform. because this, there obligation redeem the cryptocurrency portfolio income into the private wallets lcs holders, and users may instead hold their dividend tokens, choose redeem their funds later date, even liquidate the token through off-market sale. lcs dividend tokens can thus act placeholder for entire cryptocurrency portfolio, without forcing the user deal with the process setting multiple cryptocurrency wallets. dividend and voting tokens profits from the exchange are calculated and distributed the end each fiscal period. the total issuance dividend and voting tokens will the same the total supply lcs cryptoshares. these tokens are then issued holders lcs cryptoshares -to- ratio. when dividend and voting tokens are redeemed they are destroyed the contract they are broadcast order prevent malicious attempts claim extra funds manipulate votes. localcoinswap contracts holding non-issued cryptoshares (such the security bounty venture-fund contract) automatically burn all voting tokens they are issued. localcoinswap currencies offered dividend payment localcoinswap will launch with many the most traded cryptocurrencies development time allows. the initial launch aims for minimum the leading cryptocurrencies. the platform will add new cryptocurrencies constant rate order encompass the majority the cryptocurrency market. lcs cryptoshares will entitle users vote the listing priority new currencies through direct democracy contract using their voting tokens. localcoinswap recognises that the cryptocurrency economy constantly changing environment with new assets emerging regular basis. actively engaging with the holders cryptoshares, localcoinswap will implement the coins which the community wishes trade. airdrops new ico token listings localcoinswap provides listing service for new ico tokens allow them launch the localcoinswap platform raise pre-ico and presale funding. the requirement for listing new ico tokens that holders lcs cryptoshares receive airdrop some proportion the new tokens advance. these airdrops are automatically distributed through the same mechanism the dividend and voting tokens. the specific requirements for new ico tokens list the localcoinswap platform will decided through the proof-of-stake voting system. the requirement for new ico tokens wishing raise pre-ico funding that localcoinswap users and cryptoshare holders must entitled special discount offerings. the expansion localcoinswap provide comprehensive listing service for new ventures perform pre-ico, presale and ico fundamental priority for the platforms development after initial launch. localcoinswap decentralisation ownership cryptoshares owners are valuable members the localcoinswap community. such, they are entitled provide input all facets site development, new business ventures, well having complete ownership their respective share profits. these voting rights include uses the sites revenue. significant new ventures will undertaken without vote amongst holders the public issuance. all holders who wish participate will vote proof-of-stake system handled the issuance voting asset which can then used public and transparent democracy contract. the democracy contract open source and the outcome votes publically tallied. transparency localcoinswap will provide open and transparent exchange its shareholders. the blockchain itself will provide unforgeable record all dividend payouts cryptoshare holders. localcoinswap will have continuous, transparent, and blockchain-based overview all cryptocurrency revenues generated and distributed. each monthly cryptoshare holder announcement will detail developments the exchange and issues which will voted cryptoshare holders before the next announcement. these issues will include new-venture projects, new coins added the exchange, design considerations, and more. cryptoshare holders may submit questions voted through the platform's integrated community forum. localcoinswap cryptoshare ico issuance general overview token code lcs price per lcs usd lcs maximum total supply available through pre-ico/presale/ico token freeze token burn all unsold payment currencies eth, btc, usdt, bch, xrp, usd, eur, gbp, aud, nzd, cad more soft cap usd absolute hard cap usd (remaining tokens destroyed) bonus structure community based transparency open source (public github) allocation cryptoshares maximum allocation investors through entire crowdsale with burn unsold allocated community venture fund, the use which voted investors allocated the development team (frozen contract for year) allocated bounty program for community engagement allocated reward program for users who increase security the platform public crowdsize community venture fund bounty program security bonus development team localcoinswap allocation breakdown ,,: total supply cryptoshares which are minted advance presale. the contract for the cryptoshare locks this limit unchangeable more cryptoshares can ever created. this limit was chosen give higher possible future values individual cryptoshares. this contract open source and publically available the localcoinswap github repository. ,,: maximum issuance the cryptoshares through the pre-ico, presale and ico period. the end the crowdsale period all unsold cryptoshares from this portion the issuance are destroyed increase the value remaining cryptoshares. ,,: reserved for special community venture fund. these cryptoshares and associated dividends are frozen for year. after the end the freeze lcs cryptoshare holders may vote the use these funds and dividends for the purposes developing the company. staff members are ineligible from voting the use these funds. this fund provides incentive for holders cryptoshares participate the community aspect the platform.. ,,: reserved for equal share between the core development team. these cryptoshares are frozen for year incentivise staff grow their value. ,,: allocated security reward program. this will increase the security the platform incentivising malicious actors report any exploits found rather than taking advantage them. ,,: reserved for the bounty program. this program will assist with the promotion and marketing the platform users. these bounties will paid out for services such translation, content creation and brand development. hard and soft capitalisation the minimum cryptocurrencies available for purchase cryptoshares during the crowdsale are: ethereum (eth), bitcoin (btc), bitcoin cash (bch), ripple (xrp) tether (usdt). purchase via swift transfer fiat currency may also made directly using: dollar (usd), euro (eur), british pound (gbp), australian dollar (aud), canadian dollar (cad) new zealand dollar (nzd). swift transfer can made other currencies however this subject standard exchange rate fee. cryptoshares paid for via swift transfer are released upon settlement the transaction our corresponding bank. additional crowdsale cryptocurrencies may also available development time allows. localcoinswap initial pricing for the cryptoshares currently set usd per lcs. other payment currencies are set equivalent eth value. this subject change should there large shift the price eth/usd ensure the hard cap maintained. the soft cap for the cryptoshare crowdsale event usd total value all sale currencies. should this soft cap not reached all funds will returned investors. the hard cap for the cryptoshare crowdsale event $,, usd total value all sale currencies. should this hard cap reached the crowdsale will closed and all remaining cryptoshares offer destroyed. this limit was chosen give investors confidence the maximum amount their equity the site can diluted, and increase the value the investment for all holders cryptoshares. crowdsale bonus structure the presale period will run with bonus allocation the presale will closed immediately cryptoshares are distributed. during the crowdsale period funding milestones have been set each $,, increment. each increment reached all existing purchasers the crowdsale event receive additional airdrop cryptoshares distributed once the crowdsale closes. these airdrops are also distributed presale purchasers, but not cryptoshares held the development team, security/bounty fund new venture fund. $,, funding reached: all existing cryptoshare crowdsale investors receive additional cryptoshares. $,, funding reached: all existing cryptoshare crowdsale investors receive additional cryptoshares. $,, funding reached: all existing cryptoshare crowdsale investors receive additional cryptoshares. $,, funding reached: all existing cryptoshare crowdsale investors receive additional cryptoshares. residual tokens are then destroyed increase total value all investors. hard cap reached end presale presale investors stage investors total bonus received: presale: total bonus received: presale: stage stage investors total bonus received: presale: stage stage stage investors total bonus received: presale: stage stage stage stage investors total bonus received: presale: stage stage stage stage localcoinswap use funds raised from cryptoshare issuance platform development security business development marketing coin addition administration the primary use all funds raised from the crowdsale expand the features the platform and support addition new coins. the exact allocation funds between platform development, security and coin addition will depend the amount investment made. primary consideration always given increases security the platform during budgeting considerations. allocated increase the security the platform. localcoinswap offers trading large variety digital assets. protect against all possible threats multiple layers redundancy have been implemented wallet systems, and security critical processes abstracted separate servers. large allocation crowdsale revenue towards security will provide users assurance that localcoinswap safe platform which trade. allocated exclusively for the addition new coins. localcoinswap aims provide the maximum diversity trading options upon launch and will hire dedicated staff solely investigate and implement new cryptocurrencies. used for further development and expansion the platform. this will enhance scalability and the number features which will offered initial launch. for business development, marketing advertising. localcoinswap will implement broad marketing advertising strategies increase the user base the platform upon launch. these strategies are refined and focused campaigns based the data and analytics gathered during the cryptoshare issuance. allocated for administration costs incurred during the final development the platform. localcoinswap use revenue the localcoinswap platform paid dividends administration maintenance security localcoinswap will detail breakdown all expenses each financial period, provide full transparency its investors. the figures above provide estimate that will depend the exact amount revenue made the platform. exceedingly profitable financial periods lower percentage site revenue will used for administration and maintenance expenses. distributed through the dividend system equally all holders lcs cryptoshares. used for administration costs which consists primarily staff wages and fees paid contracted workers. localcoinswap staff are paid maximum market wage line with their relevant qualifications and experience. all salaries and contracted rates will detailed localcoinswap's financial announcements increase the transparency the platform. for maintenance the exchange platform. this includes costs servers, replacement physical equipment and fees paid technical services. allocated enhance security the platform. these expenses include security audits, penetrations testing and costs implementing additional protection measures. localcoinswap technical information all digital assets issued localcoinswap will erc compliant and will include other mainstream standards where possible. this will enable localcoinswap derived assets transacted many ethereum wallet programs possible and accessible across wide variety secondary exchanges. all reasonable efforts will undertaken conform industry standards where possible smart contract development. this will include independent auditing necessary increase security. contracts used localcoinswap the cryptoshare issuance, dividend tokens and voting tokens are open source and all code publicly viewable the localcoinswap github. the contract development process modulated where technically possible, with extensive whitebox and black-box testing all individual units private testnet before public deployment. because the security financial systems critical the company, all code additions are independently reviewed all technical members the development team. localcoinswap localcoinswap trading platform platform overview development the localcoinswap platform began august and estimated ready for initial release the end august the platform borrows the best elements and features existing platforms but has been redesigned with enhanced focus user experience, coin additions and incorporation social media interactivity. the core development philosophy for the localcoinswap platform is: safe, easy, enjoyable. primarily the platform has been developed with the security the user mind. careful attention has been taken implement intrusion detection mechanisms and segregation critical components. extensive research was conducted previous hacks and the security models comparable exchanges before development began. the ease use the platform was the second most important design consideration. important that the user has smooth experience, can quickly find and use the features they need, and not burdened excessive pages complicated interfaces. where possible the focus has been offering many features possible while maintaining visual simplicity. the signup process has been streamlined with identity verification required for registration. users are able quickly access the platform and begin trading immediately with restrictions. the final consideration, and equal importance, that the platform enjoyable for the user. the development team integrating several social media aspects the site designed enhance the community element the experience. this includes trending coins, interactive charts graphs, achievement badges, custom profile pictures, and fully integrated forum. coins offered localcoinswap aims offer trading the majority cryptocurrencies and digital assets benefit the greatest number users. the platform will open stages due development budget, opening with the widest possible selection coins and continuously integrating more. when there uncertainty whether certain crypto assets should implemented, the order which cryptocurrencies should implemented, vote amongst cryptoshare holders will take place. localcoinswap localcoinswap has non-discriminatory attitude towards coin coverage. the platform's focus servicing the needs the greatest number users possible, rather than providing preferential treatment any single cryptocurrency. escrow system the localcoinswap escrow system acts intermediary between buyers and sellers create trustless solution the inherit trust issue which hampers transactions. localcoinswap will implement multi-signature transaction option for users currencies where this possible. this will allow users exchange with zero platform risk. when new trade initiated between traders, localcoinswap takes possession the cryptocurrency portion the transaction, while the fiat currency payment made directly from the buyer the seller. once the payment has been made, and the seller can verify the fiat currency transaction has been received, the cryptocurrency released the buyer. prevent users funds from being locked during volatile market periods, time limits for each step the contract process can specified the buyer seller and are agreed advance. dispute resolution dispute occurs, the escrow release paused and supporting documentation requested from each party mediate the settlement. localcoinswap has scenario-tested all reasonably foreseeable instances where disputes may initiated and has created stringent processes fairly deal with each individual case. global support team will ensure that staff members are available mediate trading issues all times. user feedback user feedback about buyers and sellers important component maintain community reliable traders. both parties have the opportunity leave feedback and respond after the transaction complete. traders additionally may view feedback before deciding whether not accept incoming trades. localcoinswap community engagement key catalyst user disenchantment many cryptocurrency exchanges has been the lack active community engagement. ensure localcoinswap users are fully aware all important changes news regarding the platform, regular contact will disseminated through frontpage updates and announcements from the operations team. additionally, localcoinswap will engage with the trading community through its public telegram groups, slack channel, social media accounts, and integrated forum. security full-time dedicated security team has been enlisted safeguard all vulnerable information all times. cryptocurrency deposits will stored offline wallets minimise potential loss due hacking. regular security audits penetration specialists have been scheduled ensure the security system fully date. addition, third party monitoring systems have been implemented for all servers with automatic shutdown mechanisms cases detected intrusion. simplified fee structure localcoinswap only charges commission the market maker the transaction (the trader advertising their services the platform). the price advertised the price paid, without withdrawal deposit fees, and other hidden charges. for sellers who regularly engage high volume trades, special pro-trader status will awarded, conferring lower trading fees and official 'trusted' banner their profile. fees for trading will set based comparable exchanges, with the aim match beat the fees offered any competitors (currently this %). development overview the localcoinswap platform developed using modular process. the platform's development has been divided into core systems and approximately features. each feature developed individually and then reviewed the entire development team before integration into the master branch the project repository. unit tests have been implemented ensure that element the website compromised the addition new feature. the localcoinswap non-technical staff work independently bug finders the development website. additionally, independent contractor with experience penetration testing continuously attempts find vulnerabilities the websites security. localcoinswap all critical components the website are server-isolated with different software architecture reduce the risk zero-day attacks. software used the project kept up-to-date and development conforms industry standards best security practices. these processes ensure there are multiple layers redundancy the localcoinswap platform development. new business ventures the event highly successful crowdsale there will several new community ventures immediately available for vote localcoinswap cryptoshare holders. the event less successful crowdsale the votes will undertaken soon sufficient revenue has been made the platform expand. holders cryptoshares are encouraged submit ideas for new ventures taken vote. these could include but are not limited full integration all erc tokens through dedicated development team. translation, marketing, and support staff for the platform new geographical locations where english not primary language. enhanced token listing services for new ico's including rating systems and seed funding. customizable themes and trading interfaces secondary atomic-swap marketplace built top platform. strategic partnerships within the cryptocurrency community. localcoinswap roadmap december company incorporation september initial team members establised march concept development february official whitepaper launch august development exchange begins february prelco march presale april ico may submission for exchange listing june early access platform july first cryptoshare holder vote august launch date for exchange october integrated rest api february start dividend distributions january mobile trading application localcoinswap value proposition value overview significant interest investors this project both the potential returns and initial valuation the company. the exact valuation the company will decided the public through the crowdsale event. the cryptoshares are available market, and the hard cap for the crowdsale event million ($,,) usd, the maximum initial valuation lcs through the token generation million ($,,) usd. this limit was primarily chosen that cryptoshare holders could assured attractive potential dividend return their initial investment, and also because unnecessary raise further funding for initial platform development. this initial evaluation also allows room for the market capitalisation the company rise naturally, through demand for cryptoshares secondary markets. the following research has been conducted that investors may have some idea potential dividend returns their cryptoshares. all research speculative the following projections should considered optimistic (though still reasonable) good-case scenario. cryptocurrency markets sector analysis the cryptocurrency market fast approaching trillion ($,,,,) usd market cap, with total capitalisation that has peaked over billion ($,,,) usd. this growth has been exponential nature. this trend expected continue, cryptocurrency adoption becomes increasingly mainstream. writing there are cryptocurrencies circulation, with average more than one cryptocurrency being created each day. the increases market capitalisation are also reflected trading volume across major exchanges. the average hour trading volume across the entire market was million ($,,) usd. early the average trading volume was already approaching billion ($,,,) usd, the same the new york stock exchange. localcoinswap markets industry analysis since bitcoin's inception exchanges have been key instrument its dissemination and popularity. trade volume for bitcoin has increased exponentially alongside the overall cryptocurrency economy. the week starting december saw over million ($,, usd worth bitcoin change hands via localbitcoins.com comprising the largest week trade bitcoin's history. localbitcoins.com currently hold the title the world's largest bitcoin exchange. localbitcoins.com has plans writing support additional cryptocurrencies. localbitcoins.com yearly revenue volume $usd $,, $,, $,, $,, $,,, site revenue $,, $,, $,, $,, comparable exponential growth has occurred startup exchanges for other cryptocurrencies. the market for cryptocurrencies other than bitcoin, ethereum monero virtually nonexistent, representing lucrative source untapped revenue. localcoinswap revenue projection the following revenue projection based current trading volume data taken primarily from "coinmarketcap.com. bitcoin market share was calculated using localbitcoins.com data taken from coindance.com. full breakdown calculations contained the appendix this whitepaper. care has been taken base the following analysis justifiable and realistic assumptions. note that the preceding graph was made under the assumption that the hard cap has been reached. the event that the hard cap not reached dividend returns per cryptoshare will higher, due the burning unsold tokens. localcoinswap has developed the cryptoshare model with the goal maximizing investor value. the selection the total issuance amount, token freeze and hard capitalisation were chosen with the view that provides the best long term value the investor the company has room grow. while the preceding projections can considered good case scenario, the presumptions underlying them are reasonable. dividend per usd invested still requires the total revenue localcoinswap less than half the current revenue some the top exchanges poorer outcome scenario annual dividends per usd invested only requires localcoinswap capture small fraction the current market share for any the leading cryptocurrencies. additional value for lcs cryptoshares comes the form air-dropped tokens from new listings the localcoinswap exchange. though hard forecast, this will provide potentially lucrative source additional income for investors. localcoinswap will also catalyst for expansion the cryptocurrency market eliminating barriers entry for non-mainstream cryptocurrencies. the preceeding analysis based only the leading cryptocurrencies and justification can thus made that the estimates are conservative respect potential market size. the cryptoshare model values the input investors the project, and all holders cryptoshares are encouraged submit feedback and suggestions grow the total valuation and profits the enterprise. localcoinswap about the team and company localcoinswap was started team qualified cryptocurrency experts and enthusiasts frustrated their inability quickly easily buy and sell new digital assets. while plenty mechanisms exist purchase cryptocurrencies with other cryptocurrencies, there little support for those who wish enter the market with fiat currency and quickly purchase using variety traditional payment methods. the idea for localcoinswap was born from our own needs and wants. together our team draws wealth experience from wide range fields, including economics, computer science, commerce, marketing, maths even molecular genetics. the decision-making process the development team democratic and based the vision shared all members the team. localcoinswap operates under corporate entity hong kong, which was first incorporated originally operated private hedge fund owned two the staff members before development the exchange began. geographically the staff localcoinswap reside hong kong, australia, canada new zealand. strongly believe the success our company and look forward partnering with the cryptocurrency community work together strengthen the digital economy. localcoinswap core development team aapeli vuorinen lead security engineer bachelor mathematics (major pure maths) data analyst, white-hat hacker and full-stack developer. over years experience software development and systems administration. experienced with wide variety technologies including python, java, c++, javascript, pandas, html/css/javascript, go, matlab, git, linux, and sql. exceptionally talented understanding and utilizing network and software protocols. nathan worsley chief technical officer bachelor economics (major econometrics) early investor bitcoin and ethereum. developer series successful trading algorithms based triangular arbitrage between cryptocurrencies. original founder company cryptocurrency investment fund based hong kong: digital assets management ltd. experienced high volume trader localbitcoins.com. development experience includes c/c++, python, matlab, postgresql, git, bash linux. thomas underwood chief financial officer bachelor commerce (major accounting and finance) experienced business development manager and financial expert. managing director successful private equity company with diverse portfolio across several asset classes. customer acquisitions regional manager tradingview.com. valeri natanelov chief marketing officer phd, commodity futures markets entrepreneur. founder and ceo growabric (knowledge brokering and design thinking company). lifelong blockchain enthusiast. extensive international business experience with strong passion for design thinking and solving complex problems. has lived every (habitable) continent. fluent four languages. localcoinswap taylor scheel blockchain developer bachelor science clinical molecular genetic scientist working laboratory before passion for the blockchain and disruptive technologies led him becoming digital nomad and full-time solidity developer. experienced solidity, javascript, matlab, git and linux. kevin sparks lead developer developer degree computer science experienced full-stack python and javascript engineer with bias for action and proven experience delivering reliable software. over years experience across wide variety web-development and software projects. passionate about learning and particularly fascinated with collecting and analyzing data. values people, relationships, communication, and vim. localcoinswap questions answers how can take part the crowdsale offering lcs cryptoshares? cryptoshare assets the company can purchased for eth, btc and others through our website sale portal, until the close the crowdsale the reaching the hard cap target. which countries may participate the cryptoshare offering? citizens all countries may participate with the exception democratic people's republic korea (north korea), iran, sudan and syria. will lcs cryptoshares and other assets tradeable mainstream exchanges? all digital assets created localcoinswap will compliant with erc and other mainstream standards where possible, and can thus traded secondary exchanges. are the process reaching out several exchanges ensure liquidity secondary markets available before the launch the exchange platform. how can get contact? you can contact any members our team individually, the project general through: community@localcoinswap.com localcoinswap telegram available at: t.me/localcoinswap closer the initial launch dedicated forum will made available. other social media contacts are available the localcoinswap website: www.localcoinswap.com love your idea, can part the team? you have relevant development experience and believe you might valuable part our team, send your resume and example your work hiring@localcoinswap.com and will touch. updates this whitepaper will feature additional questions answers based community feedback. localcoinswap appendix during the year localbitcoins.com accounted for only tiny fraction total bitcoins traded, despite making average revenue peaking over almost usd each week. traded localbitcoins.com $usd traded other exchanges $usd total btc traded ($usd): ,,, traded localbitcoins.com ($usd): ,,, localbitcoins.com market share this percentage was used the following calculations estimate the scale trading the next top cryptocurrencies. revenue forecasting was performed using the assumption that localcoinswap able capture: localbitcoins.com market share within years (starting the first year and increasing linear rate). the total trading eth. trading for the next most popular cryptocurrencies. these markets contain major competitors for localcoinswap. make the estimations increasingly conservative the average monthly growth rate for each cryptocurrency during was used the growth rate for each entire following year. this was account for slowdown recent exponential growth. the percentage trading revenue taken fees was calculated match fees offered localbitcoins.com and localethereum.com the time writing). these calculations are considered estimate good-case scenario which the exchange successfully able capture significant market share, and should not taken statement fact. efforts have been taken make the figures conservative, however impossible predict the future volatile and new market. localcoinswap localcoinswap potential revenue projection (all currency data millions) crypto-currency trade volume $usd average monthly growth rate bitcoin (btc) $,. $,,. $,,. $,,. $,,. ethereum (eth) $,. $,,. $,,. $,,. $,,. ripple (xrp) $,. $,,. $,,. $,,. $,,. bitcoin cash (bch) $,. $,. $,,. $,,. $,,. cardano (ada) $,. $,. $,. $,,. $,,. litecoin (ltc) $,. $,. $,,. $,,. $,,. nem (xem) $,. $,. $,. $,. $,. stellar (xlm) $,. $,. $,,. $,,. $,,. iota (iota) $,. $,. $,,. $,,. $,,. neo (neo) $,. $,. $,,. $,,. $,,. "portion final user base acquired" "lcs trade volume" "lcs revenue $usd" "earning per cryptoshare $usd" "site revenue per cryptoshare" "revenue per usd invested" "dividends per usd invested" localcoinswap terms and conditions this document for information purposes only, and not offer call sell stocks securities the localcoinswap platform, that any other related associated company. the english version this whitepaper the official version for localcoinswap policy localcoinswap takes responsibility for errors translation non-english versions this document. localcoinswap tokens are not government recognized securities user acknowledges, understands, and agrees that localcoinswap lcs cryptoshares are not physical securities and are not registered with any government entity security, and shall not considered such. lcs cryptoshares and other tokens derived from localcoinswap not provide guarantee future returns the lcs cryptoshare tokens will facilitate distribution all profits made the exchange. however localcoinswap cannot guarantee the profitability the exchange. changes market conditions and unforeseen circumstances may change the profitability the venture. risks associated with ethereum localcoinswap cryptoshares and other tokens will issued the ethereum blockchain. therefore, any failure malfunctioning the ethereum protocol may lead the trading network localcoinswap tokens not working expected. regulatory uncertainty blockchain technologies are subject supervision and control various regulatory bodies around the world. localcoinswap tokens may fall under one more requests actions their part, including but not limited restrictions imposed the use possession digital tokens such lcs cryptoshares, which may slow limit the functionality repurchase cryptoshares other tokens the future. quantum computers technical innovations, like the development quantum computers, may pose danger cryptocurrencies, including localcoinswap tokens. risk losing funds funds collected fundraising are way insured. they are lost lose their value, there private public insurance representative that buyers can reach out to. returning funds campaign does not end successfully, canceled its creator, moderators, the funds are returned the wallets those users who transferred funds the wallet the campaign. risks new technologies localcoinswap cryptoshares and other tokens are new and relatively untested technology. addition the risks mentioned this document, there are certain additional risks that the team the localcoinswap platform cannot foresee. these risks may manifest themselves other forms risk than those specified herein. integration all information contained within this whitepaper provided for general information purposes only, and intended present guide the decentralised services which may provided localcoinswap future. nothing published this document intended (i) legal, financial, professional, tax other advice; (ii) recommendation undertake (or cease undertaking) any action whatsoever; (iii) advertisement, solicitation legal offer; (iv) offer call buy localcoinswap