table contents whitepaper version "platform for intellectual property discovery mining" loci.io info@loci.io *this version and its contents are current and supersedes all previous versions this whitepaper any public statements made about loci are subject change. this english version relied upon the most accurate and updated other language translations may have mistranslations and outdated. loci whitepaper table contents mission statement executive summary patent background the big problem loci's unique solution blockchain implementation market opportunities the exchange motion leadership loci economic model conclusion references loci whitepaper mission statement loci's mission change the way the world invents and value ideas... our goal become the gold standard platform that empowers inventors and promotes the effective matchmaking ideas, capital and talent. the mission encompasses: creation revolutionary invention process that enables innovators better find and claim their ideas using blockchain technology utilization native tokens for the creation, buying and selling intellectual property and become cryptocurrency that will become the standard valuation metric all intellectual property development commercialization vehicles for development licensing inventions building bidding marketplace create ebay intellectual property construction mechanisms and social networks incentivize and make development easier deployment innovative economic model that fosters the growth inventor eco-system loci whitepaper executive summary the global invention process fundamentally flawed. enormous sums money are wasted research and development (r&d) part due ineffective global intellectual property laws and outdated research and registration processes. wasted productivity accounts for majority global r&d expenditures, and creates needlessly chaotic and risky landscape for innovation. convoluted, inefficient and fraught with expense, the innovation process itself stifles progress. from patent attorneys, inventors, corporate analysts, there widespread need for the ability quickly and comprehensively search for intellectual property and put those results work propel innovation the next level. loci provides blockchain technology based solution. loci poised change the way the world thinks and invents loci has built context based search tool that draws from expansive database combining vast array resources and information provided inventors directly. means blockchain technology the system serves inventors offering immutable proof intellectual property rights global scale. search results are presented comprehensive map all known patents and relevant information, interactive, user-modifiable, and visually appealing venn diagram technologies, inventions, patents and ideas that call "innvenn." innvenn helps inventors make the next big discovery loci invented, patented and launched innvenn, the platform that revolutionizing r&d. loci's first patent, "system and method for fuzzy concept mapping, voting ontology crowd sourcing, and technology prediction," reconstructs the mechanisms which ideas are discovered and attributed owners. loci's user platform data aggregation source for search queries that enables users recognize the location novel inventions and ideas. the process patented system built upon unique combination contextual searching, predictive analytics, machine learning, heuristics, bayesian statistics, and user input. the system's backend aggregates searches and refinements while maintaining complete confidentiality and security. search just the beginning. loci's proprietary machine learning process takes the next level. loci technology analyzes research trends, and mapping what known, loci can discover what's not and where there might ways link inventions new ways identify unforeseen opportunities invent new products. the gap between current technology and undiscovered connections what loci calls "whitespace." possible that one day loci could predict the interactions between every idea that exists could exist effort create transparent valuation metric for all ip. loci whitepaper executive summary locicoin could play integral part the paradigm shift how ideas are valued and exchanged the process idea discovery, invention and patent process can take years. innvenn multisided platform that offers inventors significantly faster and more cost effective alternative capitalize their inventions compared the current patent process. locicoin tokens will used inventors stake their claims innvenn. recognizing the value the discovered and staked inventions, innvenn will reward inventors with locicoin. innvenn becomes the marketplace for the exchange ideas between the inventors and companies investors seeking develop them all transacted with locicoin. loci whitepaper patent background patent defined government franchise license conferring right title invention for set period. effect monopoly which grants inventor the sole right exclude others from making, using, selling his her invention. those seeking patent protection must prove that their inventions serve purpose, well defined, patentable subject matter, novel and not obvious. this requires inventors spend copious amounts time refining their invention with schematic drawings, tables, charts, voluminous definitions, and descriptions. implement the policy behind the patent doctrine, the specifics must disclosed the public trade with the government obtain the limited monopoly. the patent process long, arduous and expensive, but the protection intellectual property fundamental the success businesses they provide barrier entry competitors. small companies cite patents and applications demonstrate their viability during fundraising from venture capitalists from crowdfunding platforms []. many tech startups, fact, rely upon applying for patents, especially the biotechnology industry, where over protect their products through patents. utility, plant, and design patents are the major categories patents the u.s. upwards new patents are classified utility patents. design patents include original and ornamental design formats that are exclusive nature. plant patents protect new and distinct, invented discovered asexually reproduced plants. four major components are required for the patent application through the uspto including: technical specifications, including summary the invention, and schematic mock-ups concept drawings; one more claims; oath declaration that the inventors listed were the first invent the subject matter described and claimed []; and applicable filing fees. nearly million patent applications were filed worldwide china experiencing strong growth patent filings []. the united states, china, south korea, japan, and germany rank the countries with the most patent applications. despite recent disruptions the traditional fundraising market through crowdfunding and initial coin offerings (icos), patents the protection intellectual property they afford will continue needed any marketplace, anywhere competition exists. companies require patent protection ensure the existence their businesses which also enables them control how and where their intellectual property used. licensing agreements allow other companies purchase patented technologies and incorporate them into their own products. loci whitepaper the big problem the united states patent system changed dramatically the year that the patent system switched from the "first-to-invent" (fti) system the "first-inventor-to-file" (fitf under the leahy-smith america invents act (aia). the original fti system was seen offering added measure protection the actual inventor where simple sketch with some notes, disclosed, could considered "prior art" and mean the difference being granted patent not. the newer fitf system favors whoever wins the race the patent office, often large company with deep pockets that afford pay the high legal fees needed get patents submitted more quickly. the united states was the last country hold the "first-to-invent" system. first-to-file favors big companies and those that can afford pay the high legal fees order get more patents submitted more quickly. what's more, patent attorneys have duty alter, rescind, abandon their client's patent application legitimate public disclosure another inventor the same invention was made prior their client's public disclosure and first application the newer fitf system hinders bootstrapped inventors attempting solve the world's problems. most patents require full prior art search before the patent application process can even begin. that means comprehensive search existing, patented technologies, which can cost upwards $,. initial provisional patent application costs fraction the full patent, yet still ranges between and the time drafted and submitted. the average nonprovisional utility patent application even more expensive with costs running from $,. the majority these fees are incurred during attorney's review the documentation and claim writing, but that's not all. additional fees are incurred during patent prosecution over the course three five years, and typical non-provisional application will incur total cost with guarantee patent. inventions that are more technical and comprehensive nature can easily cost hundreds thousands dollars. then there's timing, which not the only thing, but everything. inventor files application just one hour after another applicant has filed for the same invention, his invention would owned, grant was made, the other applicant. the existing patent system provides little transparency this timing risk for average sixteen months the process, which could mean years and hundreds thousands dollars, spent invention, which could suddenly become patent infringement. liability and the risk litigation lead spiraling legal costs. there were litigation cases the alone, with median damage award $.m.[] the cost defending patent has led the spawn npes (non-practicing entities, also known "patent trolls"), whose main form revenue derived from settling patent infringement cases that inventors could not afford fight court. loci whitepaper the big problem this haphazard and often illogical system patent application and protection has hindered what should smooth and steady path innovation. ratchet the level risk another notch, successful patent application not guarantee success the wider world. businesses all over the world waste substantial resources with failed technologies, internal inefficiencies, untimely product launches, and litigation. tools for invention search are now available but either difficult use, expensive, limited outdated data, unable deliver comprehensive results. there have been minor recent innovations document search capability. google patents, the uspto patent search engine, freepatentonline, and innography are among resources most turned for researching patents. these resources deliver long, cumbersome lists somewhat relevant patents that require far more manual processing time. they are effective but inefficient. loci whitepaper loci's unique solution loci's founder john wise experienced problems with the patent process first-hand engineer and felt that the entire patent system needed top fundamentally altered. john and dennis van dusen first developed the idea "fuzzy concept mapping", the core loci's platform. this revolutionary concept addresses one the most challenging aspects the patent process, the development inventions that have not been previously patented. after nearly decade research, effort, and money, patent and trademark office (uspto) granted "system and method for fuzzy concept mapping, voting ontology crowd sourcing, and technology prediction." loci's innvenn platform includes document search tool that provides results userfriendly venn diagram form rather than the long list format produced other platforms. innvenn tracks search results and enhances the user's control over the process tailoring his her claim something that can granted. the process, user may well find new invention, and innvenn provides the capability record it. relevance mechanisms, including cluster and concept based search, improve user efficiency, reducing the drudgery deeply analyzing the thousands results that inventors and patent attorneys often sift through before invention's novelty can determined. innvenn goes beyond search help inventors stake their claims acting blockchainintegrated public disclosure platform. has the effect moving the inventor closer patent application and assisting patent attorneys providing starting point for undertaking and understanding prior art search. public disclosure, with sufficient specificity, locks out others from seeking rights invention. public disclosure sets the clock, several but certainly not all countries, for the start one-year window for filing non-provisional patent application without loss rights. the integration blockchain technology into innvenn establishes immutable data point containing time stamp invention's public disclosure. this disclosure, recorded the blockchain, begins -month grace period for the filing patent. loci intent speeding the process getting idea protected and the use blockchain technology offers solution, but with the first- to-file rule, only getting that application patent office can establish priority date. innvenn does provide much faster process moving from idea application improving the communication between client and attorney. loci's proprietary machine learning abilities may also improve the process, even predicting and prompting new and potentially relevant connections between known inventions identifying "whitespaces" where there ample room for innovation and invention. the volume searches increases, the system becomes more effective and valuable. loci whitepaper loci's unique solution seeing where your idea stands with innvenn search current ideas and patents through loci's innvenn technology platform, complete more comprehensive web search and help you see your concept original. loci launched the innvenn platform february the innvenn web application launched with existing patent data from numerous published sources, including existing patents, technical papers and products. also designed include new inventions search results they are added the database. the innvenn user interface venn diagram that presents results means unique, multi-layered, compounding search feature. populated with active users' disclosures well results gathered from published sources. innvenn's ability run four searches simultaneously enables users focus quickly existing patents potential claims. the "whitespace" between identified patents and claims indicates where there room for further innovation. innvenn's backend built atop statistical calculation and analysis for investment pool opportunities, whitespace definition, valuation and categorization. this technology empowers inventors, entrepreneurs, researchers, and investors search for the next big idea. innvenn status and features the version release september includes numerous interface improvements and capabilities. loci whitepaper loci's unique solution the improvements help the innvenn platform enhance its ability uniquely position novel ideas and organize the search process. contains new system for managing searches called projects. users can initiate unlimited number projects, and can search for various patents and claims within separate projects, organizing and search results within each project. another major improvement enables users toggle the primary keyword search and off within secondary searches. this allows for unique search process where the user can clearly identify what results exist within the three secondary searches that are not within the primary search. this differentiates innvenn from every other search process the market and allows users dig deeper into relevant results. finally, there the capability for users create patent claims within the innvenn platform. this claim process designed the first step provisional patent application and allows users define their inventions, upload relevant drawings and select and display saved result sets that define the novelty their claims. the version release november includes blockchain integration with ethereum and bidding process for the new capabilities with the release mark critical evolution the innvenn platform. posting disclosure event data the ethereum blockchain now possible well paying for that process via locicoin and monitoring its progress. dapp currently development view the data posted simply within the platform well. also notable among the improvements the and process, the bidding process where user can place bid for any that found within the innvenn platform. this fundamental the overall exchange that possible within the platform. innvenn competitors innvenn's visual mapping and concurrent search tool significant improvement over what its competitors have developed. four key competitors, evalueserve's treparel, innography, mapegy and intellixir exist the patent visualization space, yet none them make use crowdsourcing blockchain technology. loci and its patented technologies the innvenn platform are poised change the way the world invents. loci whitepaper blockchain implementation loci's vision create new global and transparent invention registry system and database founded the power blockchain technology. this cannot currently deemed official registry, but loci's intent work with patent offices over time streamline their processes. worth noting that this has been the plan for the innvenn system since its inception and the conceptualization its original patent specifically, the original innvenn patent described system for immutable tracking disclosures but used different database scheme than blockchain, blockchain technology was not widely used. the loci patent details the storage disclosures immutable basis, key trait blockchain technology. the patent describes cryptologic security mechanism for distributed disclosure and concept information for ensuring that the database cannot corrupted. blockchain has added strength and vigor the technology underlying the loci platform and has tremendous potential revolutionize global scale. the smart contract mechanisms, security models for distributed information, and the immutability stored data inherent blockchain are what distinguish the loci platform. means blockchain technology loci provides platform that marks proof concept given date and time. while not realistic believe that governments will adopt the larger vision where claim may fully defined loci and recorded blockchain that can submitted the pto automatically and accepted any time soon, loci has devised plans leverage the benefits this technology and move the invention process out the bureaucratic dark ages one step time. this plan leverages the -month grace period granted the uspto for the filing patent application following public disclosure. loci uses blockchain technology take concept market more securely, efficiently and effectively. the first step this process for innvenn user determine whether she can prove the novelty his her invention and meet the other statutory requirements necessary begin formal patent application. the user can access innvenn refine his her concept invention ensure that stands apart from other products that have already been patented are the patent process. the user then has option disclose publicly his her claim invention. entering claim the innvenn platform other inventors within the system are blocked from claiming the same space. this crowdsourcing model inevitably enables other innvenn users discover the original user's disclosure searching for related ideas. when another user reads the written disclosure within innvenn, loci creates third-party verification event which reinforces that the disclosure occurred and publicly viewable. loci whitepaper blockchain implementation the next step the process package information about the disclosure event and the verification event ready for the blockchain. this information includes the unique id, date and time the claim creation and the disclosure event well the inventor's user through kyc protection against bots. all this hashed using the industry standard sha encryption algorithm, and then stored the ethereum blockchain. currently, proving novelty and satisfying the other requirements necessary begin the filing process requires that applicant contrast his her patent with all other existing similar disclosures patents, documents, etc. that the applicant has stumbled upon that the patent office has found, even they are not yet published patent applications. through the blockchain integration process, loci enables the user keep track his her inventive ideas the platform tracking and differentiating the novelty his her invention. this can accomplished building searches that would expose similar concepts. very important note that the innvenn platform can used without allowing claim created the system marked searchable. even prior staking public claim, adding concepts the innvenn system will assist inventor's attorney begin the provisional patent process. attorneys and clients are able leverage the benefits saved results containing relevant prior art and search histories for proving novelty and directly communicate this information with one another. this system designed work conjunction with current patent processes and procedures without the use blockchain technology. global patent processes change, the blockchain integration will become key the development investment pools process and marketplaces, and users will have many incentives utilize the blockchain utility mechanisms. users are incentivized proceed with the staking process because required along with the disclosure event for loci sell license the idea through our network purchasing partners irrespective the patenting process. blockchain staking will also create immutable proof disclosure that can used defense ongoing patent filings during the -month grace period. loci whitepaper market opportunities those working industries where understanding the landscape innovation crucial are loci's primary demographic. this includes attorneys, enterprise managers, business strategists, investors, inventors, patent researchers, and patent offices. important note that anyone with good idea can benefit from using innvenn perform previously costly research such prior art searches. after opting into inclusion the loci database, inventors and their inventions are discoverable those who are given field. because this process open view, audit, and vetted real time the experts themselves, loci has been informed that the database itself viewed the uspto public database patents, products, publications, and new ideas, and thus legitimate location for public disclosure. thus, the research alone, sufficiently detailed seen public disclosure under the law, made form prior art. attorneys and legal professionals can use innvenn just inventors do. they can also use the same tools for legal research and publication search. this will invaluable tool deciphering the portfolios their clients and strategic acquisitions. the information added during the study portfolios aids loci defining the network business portfolios that was previously confidential and complex. trends the market technological development continues accelerate, should the industry. the landscape now almost unrecognizable from what was even decade ago. some companies, including apple, tesla and google, have released increasing number free, open source applications, with hopes that the resulting innovation will release wave value. other companies have become increasingly vigilant protecting even the most minor possessions, trolling for even the most minor violations. the uspto has been feeling the pressure changing environment for years. with industries like crowdsourcing, machine learning, predictive analytics, and link analysis expanding with unprecedented speed the ability keep pace clearly falling short. unclear how regulation will shape these markets the future, but many experts think that the "first file" the defunct "first invent" systems will inevitably transition "first discover." others question the very viability the patent system now know it. loci has prepared for multiple regulation changes and has anticipated numerous scenarios which have been defined and addressed its own patent. loci has many close relationships with government officials and around the uspto and the government learn from and assist legislative direction. loci whitepaper market opportunities addition domestic business and government trends, global innovation also supporting loci's growth. particular, new technological trends like cryptocurrency, blockchain, machine learning, and artificial intelligence are making society more connected, data collection more relevant, and banking less necessary. these developments suggest that the global system commerce rapidly becoming prime for large scale disruption. inventors and entrepreneurs inventors and entrepreneurs can utilize loci technology avoid expensive attorney fees while conducting early research and quickly form more appropriate opinion the viability their prospective patents. takes only single instance prior art destroy inventor's dreams. typically, prior art and patentability searches cost between which yield, most, searches that are comprehensive. simply not easy form relevance ranking patent with traditional search techniques. inventors often into debt raise the funds necessary traverse the patent process. using innvenn, inventors can discover applicable uses and connections prior inventions, and find new applications their inventions. inventors will also benefit from the much quicker and safer alternative innvenn provides monetizing their intellectual property. intellectual property attorneys intellectual property attorneys are critical players the loci ecosystem and enhance the potential loci's platform. using loci's quick and comprehensive search technology, they can save time and money usually required for the traditional, convoluted prior art and novelty searches. intellectual property law firms and their networks have been large majority innvenn's early adopters. intellectual property firms are also key target group they will working with loci affiliates help offer innvenn their clients. their clients will now able use loci both complete their own prior art and novelty searches and discover patentable ideas, law firms pursue more high- margin litigation and prosecution business. corporate researchers and analysts businesses all over the world waste substantial resources with failed technologies, internal inefficiencies, litigation, and delays getting market. much percent the funds allocated r&d are routinely wasted though waste and inefficiency. corporations will save billions dollars wasted ineffective r&d using innvenn focus and mapped voids with areas ripe for innovation they can focus on, the spaces between identified patents the marketplace, known "whitespace." this will enable businesses focus development strategy instead inefficiently duplicating research and potentially incurring the high costs litigation. furthermore, they will empowered expand and secure their portfolios offering licenses inventors loci whitepaper market opportunities who have performed research and developed products the specific areas into which they hope expand. investors investors have long desired invest products earlier and with less risk. loci's proprietary analysis the real-time competitive landscape, market disrupting technology discoveries, and valuations can help investors make substantially more informed use their funds. investors will able efficiently allocate their resources mapped out whitespace with significantly increased market success rates. common statistic that every businesses fail within the first year. this encourages investors either remain risk averse, sticking with very low-risk models proven sales and traction figures, seek the next big thing, the proverbial "unicorn." these behaviors limit investment incremental innovation, businesses very promising, but perhaps not highly profitable technologies (think "moneyball" with inventions instead baseball). loci whitepaper the exchange motion loci's ecosystem designed connect multiple user bases and locicoin the integral utility token for the buying and selling intellectual property. placing bids with locicoin innvenn allows platform users the ability place bid any intellectual property found within innvenn with locicoin tokens. this includes inventions claimed and native the innvenn ecosystem well existing active patents. users are prompted place the maximum bid for intellectual property item interest. for bids placed inventions staked the platform, loci will analyze the value the and reach out the invention owner with the valuation below the maximum bid. accepted, loci will purchase the invention behalf the bidder and transfer ownership the successful bidder. all which done anonymously the owners the inventions and buyers are kept private. for existing patents, loci will then reach out the owner agent behalf the loci whitepaper the exchange motion bidder and connect the two parties there mutual interest. clear, loci will not negotiate and broker this kind deal loci not patent agent. consortiums investment pools consortiums are grouping inventions ideas that may established the collaboration and crowdsourcing efforts. the actual inventions ideas may may not directly related. loci's technology and expertise may also help create potential consortiums recognizing the connections between disparate fields interest create previously undiscovered technology and product portfolio. for example, someone created handheld medical scanner then the smartphone invented our algorithms could realize that there opportunity create smartphone that has medical scanner built into for the medical market. investment pools provide investment funds consortiums. investment pool created contact the inventors, consortiums, for investing licensing ideas other companies. investment pools are focused, interested specific startup types application technologies. investment pools could allow various types licensing deals done with consortiums and creates two major effects: first, companies are able invest inventions that may have been previously overlooked, significantly reducing corporate r&d costs. second, inventors can begin loci whitepaper the exchange motion profit from their inventions more quickly without having raise (or risk) capital further develop their ideas before they can sold licensed. should noted that regulation will determine the exact extent and structure which investment pools may operate. currently, loci has been approved sell investment pools totality "market speculated price. loci whitepaper leadership john wise, ceo, the patent industry subject matter expert (sme). has been dedicated bringing simplicity and transparency the patent industry for years. has worked the patent for "system and method for fuzzy concept mapping, voting ontology crowd sourcing, and technology prediction." the original idea for the system came back and managed file the application four years later. john imagined the capability for blockchain, without knowing the technology the time. before satoshi nakamoto's white paper, john had imagined process for decentralized network and consensus, where democratized suggestions enabled investment pools created fluid and collaborative nature. has committed years revolutionizing the patent industry, demonstrated his patent fuzzy concept mapping. eric ross, director technology, was software developer for more than years and worked for wide variety companies and utilized various technologies consultant. then moved into management and now specializes managing technical people and projects, although cannot help but continue code. has b.s. applied physics/computers from grove city college. brings considerable experience with development and technical mindset for implementation the table and key our ability execute the vision the company. loci whitepaper leadership brian hwang, the director operations, brings purpose-driven leadership the team and huge advocate the company's mission empower inventors and innovators. brian has diverse experience and expertise the areas strategic partnerships, business development, and operations the team. alumnus university illinois urbana-champaign with dual b.s. degrees finance and accountancy. has worked wide range large companies and industries including johnson johnson, capital, and ernst young. also oversaw the development and growth small businesses and startups. harjit singh the lead backend developer. harjit brings his skills and expertise machine learning the loci team. uses java, spark, and scala. currently leads team three backend developers. addition the management team, there are very strong technical and support personnel place with loci. there currently total four backend developers, five frontend developers, analyst, web designer, web programmers well several other developers who have been part the project over the years. collectively these developers bring their expertise machine learning, blockchain, predictive analytics, web design, web programming and software architecture. the operations and administrative side, the team also very strong and has been able function high level support the technical side and grow opportunities with affiliates and other partner companies. loci has also many accomplished advisors that help with the overall business strategy and partner companies including law firms and inventor organizations. loci whitepaper loci economic model loci's economic model can referenced the economic model whitepaper for more details. however, there are few key points mention here. the foundation's reserved tokens are used primarily acquire the innvenn platform bounties. this crucial component but can capital intensive. the tokens not circulation must exist underpin the value the currency circulation with the assets. the balance currency in/out circulation does not maintain equilibrium full scale, there will risk over/under inflation. protect against this, loci has built several redundancies the economic structure. the model akin body water (currency circulation), and cloud (locicoin out circulation). water evaporates out the body when locicoin tokens are purchased from the markets those seeking acquire with them, saturates the cloud until can hold more. this threshold for loci half total supply locicoin. loci will never able hold more than half the locicoin supply for long. the foundation will also never able sell tokens the secondary markets. the event that transactional volumes are low but prices are high the asset side, loci could theoretically have excess beyond half the total locicoin supply. when this occurs, loci will "airdop" tokens inventors that have current staked inventions the blockchain. this similar "proof-of-stake" dividend structure, whereas inventor with inventions staked the loci blockchain that have not sold, will receive ten times the locicoin compared inventor with invention. this intended reward refund inventors that have committed inventions but have not sold them. additionally, incentivizes people submit more inventions the network. this essentially "idea crypto-mining". loci will create non-profit organization for the sole purpose funding research and development. this organization's operating structure will restrict only donations tokens with the intent introducing assets the exchange from people who couldn't originally afford contribute. this organization serves redundancy the asset side the loci whitepaper loci economic model exchange. times stagnation, will continue the flow assets and transactions. the organization will managed loci board member additionally maintain fiduciary responsibility the marketplace. this mechanism will built into the organization's smart contract and legal contract. john wise, loci's ceo will receive the locicoin created. however, will restricted with sale cap only locicoin year. because john the president/chairman the board, carries fiduciary responsibility stabilize the markets the currency side. should the majority currency circulation held asset transactions, will contractually bound liquidate his holdings and relieve the gridlock. this will built into his smart contract and legal contract. loci whitepaper conclusion loci's vision help create paradigm shift how ideas are valued. this vision did not just happen overnight. loci's own granted patent dates back almost decade since was first theorized and lays the technological foundation and roadmap the innvenn platform. loci's development team has worked hard over the years create what already viable, working product. the patent search and visualization tool has been proven significantly reduce the time and frustrations the traditionally convoluted patent search process. loci envisions future where innovation democratized. individual and small teams inspired inventors should have equal access the discovery new innovation and its economic benefits any large corporation. the current global invention system risky, chaotic, expensive, and limits the progress and speed innovation. loci has experienced the flaws this system firsthand while obtaining its own granted patent. loci's innvenn platform will revolutionize the intellectual property search and claiming process while drastically cutting down the prohibitive costs for inventors well making the jobs intellectual property researchers, attorneys, and developers far simpler. the billions dollars wasted each year unsuccessful r&d can reinvested into further innovation. with the application blockchain technology our platform, can assure that anyone can defend their rights their intellectual property. the loci community will speed the emergence new technologies and can empower new generation inventors. thinking better. together. loci whitepaper references "patents signals for startup financing" annamaria conti, jerry thursby, and marie thursby (). nber working paper no. "patents quality signals? the implications for financing constraints r&d" dirk czarnitzki, bronwyn hall, and hanna hottenrott (). nber working paper no. "high technology entrepreneurs and the patent system: results the berkeley patent survey" stuart j.h. graham, robert merges, pamela samuelson, and ted. sichelman. "u.s. patent statistics chart calendar years u.s. patent statistics summary table, calendar years update. available https://www.uspto.gov/web/offices/ac/ido/oeip/taf/us_stat.htm u.s. code part united states patent and trademark office." lii legal information institute. available http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/html/uscode/us... wipo. facts and figures. available http://www.wipo.int/pressroom/en/articles//article_.html "how much does patent cost? richards patent law firm." richards patent law. available https://www.richardspatentlaw.com/faq/how-much-does-a-patent-cost/. pwc patent litigation study" loci whitepaper