luna andre ornish, vinay gupta, aella martin, dr. aeron buchanan draft october abstract online dating has emerged one the most extensive and still-growing online industries, but user experience remains poor due two main deficiencies currently available platforms. the first lies the current game theoretic tactics, the rules which users must adhere order achieve dating success. these have left the dating game with severe attention imbalance and have resulted issues such poor messaging behavior, fake accounts, and misuse personal data. the second lies poor user-matching algorithms, which result low levels success finding and connecting with potential partner. the luna platform aims introduce entirely new approach online dating, which offers solution for both these issues. through the introduction attention economics, luna endeavors deliver online dating platform which solves the attention imbalance, thus relieving pressure all users. will also introduce innovative use machine learning compatibility calculations achieve superior matches between users. efficiently deliver this new economic mechanism, luna employs queueing system built upon distributed ledger technology, and includes novel features maximize user trust. this document sets out detail both the current issues faced online dating platforms that compromise the effectiveness their service and their users' experience, and introduces luna's solution its innovative system incentives, its use machine learning algorithms, and its use blockchain deliver high level user satisfaction. contents foreword introduction market context and problems luna's strategy messaging receiving sending replying and follow mutual messaging data processing sorting profiling identity verification and meeting financial model user goals approach and revenue moderation luna's technology machine learning features model validation centralization vs. decentralization scalability network effect references foreword vinay gupta why it's important that fix online dating i'm person who usually known for chasing big, important problems: climate refugees, critical infrastructure, pandemic flu, environment and on. why, then, have been lugging around idea about how fix online dating for few years, talking about it, and trying get people see different ways thinking about it? the answer because the best things life are free. there's significant economic social cost people being with the people who will, any given time their life, make them happiest. and this essentially search (and possibly scheduling) problem. let's deal with the search part first. humans traditional societies knew about inbreeding. they evolved elaborate ceremonies with and traditions for making sure that their kids married outside the tribe, even there were serious difficulties (like language barriers) doing so. more than one agricultural society held no-holds-barred festivals which you could arrive with who you liked, and leave with somebody else, and nobody was really allowed give you hard time about it. this stuff didn't happen for reason. happened because getting the biological imperatives right mattered. presumably the cultures which didn't have these kinds mechanism for keeping the gene pool stirred died out, perhaps human instincts always settle some kind solution. but, one way another, complex social arrangements around ensuring exogamy have always been the norm. even arranged marriage cultures like own (about half cousins had arranged marriages) people would hundreds miles for match many cases. lot time and effort went into these things. dating wasn't just case whipping out app, heading down the local bar district and hoping that common sense wasn't picking the phone tonight. no, was case long journeys and adaptation foreign culture and diplomatic relations with the neighboring tribes, and all the rest it. these things involved serious effort. but now the general model make everything easy possible: birth control and barrier contraception, social pressure make relationships lasting until quite late life (or ever), and some lucky countries social care systems good that single parents don't have lives any harder than married parents all contribute general sense that sex and relationships are driven convenience rather than being some sense the centre life. have basically de-labored the process, and the results don't seem making people happy. i'm not comparing that level happiness with some imaginary "good old days" just noting that, average, the entire thing filled with angst. why think the blockchain can help? the answer twofold. firstly, there the agency problem. you are dating site that gets paid when you see advertising you search profiles, you are going see lot profiles. they might withhold useful search features pair you with lot people you won't like, but who aren't quite obnoxious that you put the site down, and just feed you smattering great people keep you interested. they might have seas appealing bots whose job keep you clicking, while delightful real people are just out reach, tucked away corner the database their algorithms just won't quite allow you see. and then there's the actual performance these systems you'll find lot more analysis about this the whitepaper, but the results are quite discouraging. the bottom line that these sites don't work directly for the best interests their users there's always split motive, and this particular aspect our lives too important let the agency problem interfere with our happiness. there machine help for people find partners, the machines have working strictly behalf the people they are connecting, not hiding their algorithmic intentions behind complex veils made sell advertising. the second problem more subtle. dating sites bake all kinds hidden assumptions. take age: does really matter, past the age legal consent? hard know. for very long time, asking people their age was considered impolite. now, it's right there, front and centre. does that make for more less successful relationships? how could know? how could watch? how could measure? same thing for photographs. course looks matter, but are selecting for nice looking people, good photographers? maybe dating people who are really good selfies does genuinely result better relationships maybe not! the bottom line that can't really tell, because all this useful data locked away inside the matching engines the data sites. okcupid's blog series what they'd learned from their data absolutely fascinating, but leaves wanting more: much more! how could design matching engines which genuinely produced human happiness? the answer would require data: both big, and open, and would need know something about the long term outcomes various matches made, sometimes decades before. algorithm which produces brilliant years, then string massive ugly divorces might suboptimal for reasons can't possibly guess right now and that seems like improbable outcome, let's remember that computers can recognize images better than people now. maybe they can recognize compatibility too. but for ever find out, are going require open data ecosystem around computer dating. blockchain integral part that it's what pays the bills the science and, the case luna, nicely and accurately solves one the key problems the computer dating arena: cut-and-paste messages spammed over huge numbers people, resulting ever-lower number good quality genuinely interested messages, hidden ever larger sea dating spam. just getting rid that dynamic once and for all would great result, but think that luna offers far, far more. establishing the decentralized paradigm dating, luna helps remake dating culture. luna not service place, like tinder bar. luna method, and method which can continually improved using techniques like a/b testing, until genuinely producing better lives for people. because blockchain techniques allow for sophisticated tools developed align economic interests between (say) search algorithm designers and individual users, between users and other users who don't like spam (i.e. everybody), the possibility exists not only solve the questionable agency the current generation dating app providers, but create positive agency something really, really new. could pay the best people the world design algorithms match other people, and make them happy. luna doesn't start with algorithm markets. designing the necessary markets and mechanisms genuinely reward people for doing the necessary science get more optimal online matching uphill job, and the luna team know that. they're starting small: token economy for dating. what does this token do? streamlines attention: messages sit inbox, and the messages that people paid most send sit the top the inbox, with some modifiers which will a/b tested along the way. that doesn't seem like big deal, but is. once that flow value established that these messages matter, that they are indeed precious cargo economic incentive mechanisms can designed help people better target their search. once the option just spamming messages over half the site gone, once you can't right swipe everybody, the market exists for the design algorithms which help you spend your time and energy talking the people who are most likely find you the person they wanted meet. can't climb that hill towards genuinely better matching without underlying tokenized economy pay for the research, and can't get better results without that research. so, phase one, tokenize all the things, and use the simple brute force method charging fees for communication prune spam. keep the system fair, the fees the person you're communicating with (minus fee). then, later, offer ways take commission introducing people using variety matching algorithms, ideally competitive array, and use that mechanism not just prune the bad messages, but actively steer and guide people towards each other based criteria they might never consciously able articulate, but that sophisticated machine learning algorithms may able sense. this big, bold, long term vision, but it's good one. computers are good anything, search. aim establish market which sets the right conditions train them something important and something new: train them search for love. introduction luna designed mitigate the underlying inequality the attention economy online dating. addresses the two main deficiencies that can observed existing dating websites and apps which cause low user satisfaction, namely the imbalance messaging traffic and the misalignment incentives and rewards. according the mit technology review, online dating changing the nature society. "people who meet online tend complete strangers. and when people meet this way, sets social links that were previously nonexistent."[] luna employs blockchain normalize the attention distribution which streamlines interactions between luna users and helps avoid users wasting their own and each other's time sending messages which will never read, reading messages which will never replied to. this wasted effort and time can reclaimed incentivizing productive behaviors behalf both the senders and readers dating messages. market context and problems since its inception the the online dating industry has steadily grown, both online sites and mobile apps. today, online dating the second most common way for heterosexual couples meet; for homosexual couples, far the most popular (figure million users online dating sites and apps were registered the alone and over million worldwide []; the number online dating users among young adults tripled from []. the industry thus commands considerable share the online market: the top grossing app ios, tinder, valued billion dollars, with paying user rate high its total million users figure the way people meet their partners has changed dramatically recent years []. despite the scope and popularity online dating platforms, most the available services suffer from fundamental challenges that compromise user experience and deter would-be users. the primary challenge that message imbalances resulting from attention inequality between users varying attractiveness. many users thus have negative experience receiving either far too many messages (if they are considered the top end the attractiveness scale), far too few (if they are perceived lower down the scale). the online dating website okcupid, some users the higher end the scale receive over times many messages someone the lower end the spectrum []. experiment conducted british data journalist jon millward, fictitious female users with profile pictures the top end the attractiveness scale received messages per week, times many fictitious male users, and also times many fictitious female users the lower end the attractiveness scale []. tinder, male user considered only average attractiveness can expect swiped left (i.e. ignored) over women []. figure illustrates this imbalance through tinder's ranking male and female "income inequality" (with "income" this case correlating the number "likes") compared that the world's leading nations the higher the gini coefficient, the higher the inequality. unsurprisingly, male users considerably outnumber female users all common dating sites and apps. okcupid has male users registered for every female user the site [], and recent study globalwebindex found that nearly two thirds users all location-based dating apps were male []. addition there marked discrepancy attention and perseverance between the genders, result which female users are times more likely report dating site harassment than male users []. figure the tinder economy has higher gini coefficient than the countries the world []. the resulting problem creates negative feedback loop small population popular (mainly female) users, and large population unpopular (mainly male) users results low response rates. these incentivize messaging strategies characterized proliferation low-quality, low-investment messages sent high number users the hope eliciting response, which turn exacerbates the messaging imbalance. addition, these messages tend depersonalized, often cut-and-paste, and result alienate their recipients. recent poll initiated luna twitter found that many users who had quit dating app reported doing due this messaging imbalance []. the online dating industry has responded this known issue with number different systems launched through sites such coffee meets bagel bumble (), though none them with perfect solution: presenting limited matches can frustrating and encourages fake profiles [], and requiring women initiate contact limits dynamics preferred passive women and active men []. some platforms have sought solution providing spinoff apps available only those who reach specific criteria, such celebrity status, high income, high intelligence, but these apps release only little the pressure, and have addition the effect designating the average user subpar comparison []. result, the demand for better experience remains high among the vast majority online dating site users. correctly managing the imbalances attention and interest between users, luna can achieve better experience for everyone. luna's strategy the online dating app luna addresses these challenges means system that acknowledges the attention inequality that informs user behavior specifically with regard messaging: makes use economic theories and behaviors introducing system incentives, and generates revenue line with this system (ss .). the token essentially acts invisible hand within information-rich marketplace. luna's fuel its erc- token, the star. stars are the means for all in-app transactions between users. luna endeavors provide new users the ability purchase tokens several different ways, such in-app credit card transactions with licensed third-party api, secondary exchanges, earning them through their interactions and with the luna app. luna's reserve pool used provide liquidity and rewards users, for example for verifying real-world encounters providing compatibility feedback. portion funds raised may used ensure stars are listed exchanges. luna thus has the ability encourage growth the ecosystem. tokens also provide greater user control: users not require luna's authorization buy sell, withdraw tokens exchange. furthermore, the token system allows for exchange secondary market form, allowing users compensated fairly for their efforts and attention price determined the market, not luna. luna anticipates regular return stars through small fee installed the case successful communication (ss .), and intends burn percentage these tokens order stabilize the value tokens within the ecosystem []. luna's users are able limit the number messages they receive per day, with additional messages entering queue. stars allow for the initiation conversations with users who have hit their limit bumping messages the queue the recipient's inbox. these stars then transfer the message recipient's account. users can thus earn stars reading, timely fashion, incoming conversation starter messages with attached stars. this ability earn tokens provides strong incentive for new users join luna, and for existing users remain active the network. the use stars also decreases the amount competition users face when sending messages. platforms such okcupid have barrier initiating contact, and the ensuing result that mass, low-quality messaging. introducing small barrier-- requirement attach stars--discourages mass messaging, that popular users are far less overwhelmed spam messages. the introduction tokens liquid, platform-discrete asset thus succeeds addressing the issue inequality the attention economy that fundamentally compromises the conventional online dating experience. moreover, the base popular, responsive users created will increase the value the platform and aid overcoming the network effect (ss .). below provides detailed description luna's messaging system and the use stars, well further details about user data acquisition and the function the app beyond messaging. messaging clarify the system using stars, the following example involves two fictitious luna users, "alice" and "bob." receiving when alice initially joins luna, she can either earn some initial stars completing her user profile detail (ss ..), she might chose buy stars from exchange. sign-up she prompted select daily inbox limit, and chooses receive only three conversation starter messages per day. alice will now receive maximum three first conversation starter messages from new contacts each day. alice receives fewer than three these messages each day, her inbox functions like basic inbox that she immediately receives incoming messages. more than three new contacts message alice any given day, the surplus messages are held queue, and each subsequent day alice receives the first three messages the queue. however, alice may choose "push through" additional messages from her queue any time. she may select the number messages she wishes push, and receives the tokens attached those messages. sending bob wants send alice conversation starter message. alice has queue her inbox, bob's message gets delivered alice instantly. however, her daily inbox limit three messages has already been reached and there are thus messages waiting the queue, bob's message would join the queue the end and might not delivered for day longer. this point bob presented with the option attach stars his message the more stars attaches, the further the message moves alice's queue. luna has determined high rate compatibility between alice and bob, that alice likely reply bob's message, bob receives discounted rate, needs attach fewer stars push the message the front the queue than someone with low compatibility rate. addition, when choosing attach stars his message, bob should receive information such the number unread messages alice's queue, internally calculated reply quality indicator, and confirmation whether alice's account verified. replying and follow alice opens bob's message within hours receiving her inbox, the attached stars are deposited into her account. alice can use these stars bump her own messages another user, she can cash them out. she also has the option donating them without friction partnered charity her choice, for which she can earn badge that will display her profile. stars are only required bump initial conversation starter messages alice chooses respond bob's message, this message free, and neither alice nor bob require any stars continue their conversation. figure below illustrates how the system functions the two possible situations explored above. mutual messaging there will circumstances where one user wishes message user who has already messaged them. for example, bob messages alice, and his message waits her queue. alice browses through users and comes upon bob. luna lists indication his profile that has sent message currently her queue. she wishes start conversation, she may immediately receive his message. this happens regardless whether bob also has queue for his inbox. intend design the platform way that obscures, alice, the number tokens attached bob's message. this may done delaying the token deposits into alice's account, that all tokens earned during the delay are deposited bulk. data processing many the most popular dating sites, including okcupid, tinder, and coffee meets bagel, provide limited search ability, and ask users pay unlock the ability search more specific criteria. this means that the pursuit profit these platforms are actively restricting their users' ability find good matches. even user should find good match, their match might not real study conducted sift science over million user profiles online dating platforms concluded that many all newly created dating profiles were fake []. luna intends provide superior experience compared industry standards, aided the use stars reward user engagement and encourage submission better data. our novel data gathering approach that should enable train algorithms better than anyone the industry: are closing the feedback loop tying back precise post-date satisfaction data the search algorithms. this steers figure luna's token system and messaging. away from the 'pay play' model and allows users freely access all controls available all times. addition, system identity verification mechanisms for both online and in-person meetings avoids the problem users creating fake accounts. sorting when searching for new contacts, luna users can set initial filters such age, gender, interests, distance, and tags (ss ..), weighed their relative importance (tf-idf). profiles other users are then presented ranked compatibility, and can sorted swiping them into "pass" "message now" folders, which can easily accessed later. compatibility score presented visible percentage rate all presented profiles the compatibility calculations are discussed further detail below. profiling upon signup, luna requires users supply some basic data including first name, gender, sexual orientation, location and phone number, and provide picture themselves. the alpha version, users may also provide additional information such the nature the desired relationship (casual, serious, etc.), preference for monogamous nonmonogamous relationship type, and education level. users may able select tags apply their profile, which are keywords aid searching, such "dancing" "blockchain". providing this information optional; however, users can earn initial fund stars completing all details their profile. are enthused explore digital footprint-based recommendations and psychometric profiling. additional profiling features and mechanisms currently development will revealed upon launch. while users are free search for matches globally, luna will not allow user set their location place where they are not. identity verification and moderation luna will offer its users several ways verifying their identity increase trust. intend offer optional real verification, with verified status clearly visible through badge the user's profile. users may also privately upload luna unique photo video demonstrating compliance small request such holding number fingers reciting number sequence, which endeavor have reviewed and approved within hours. additional safeguard against scammers, bots, and catfish, sms verification will used ensure users are who they claim be. all users will have the ability report any message profile for harassing, abusive, obscene content. the use verification connection with machine learning (ss expected drastically reduce the number rule violations; those that occur will handled outsourced moderation team, expanded needed. luna will take its guidelines from jurisdictional obscenity laws, and will not permit users under years age. meeting conjunction with luna's user verification, the in-person meeting verification and compatibility feedback polls are intended work form verified trust network luna users. endeavor provide method co-verifying in-person meetings with near-field communication (nfc) simply opening the luna app and touching phones together. once verification has been made, users are later invited respond brief compatibility feedback poll. data collected from the compatibility feedback poll used train luna's machine learning algorithms (ss .). addition, should user feel uncomfortable about another user's intentions during in-person meeting, they will able report the compatibility feedback survey. any user who receives too many such reports will banned from the network. policies regarding banned users are subject change, however this time intend allow banned users access their accounts and withdraw their collected tokens exchange. financial model user goals users who engage online dating pursue variety different goals. dating platforms claim help users achieve those goals, but platform's financial incentives are not fully aligned with user goals, the result can manipulation user behavior the platform: actions taken maximize revenue are often odds with the interests the user. luna, intend structure the token economy such way that our system rewarded when users achieve their goals, thus aligning our own incentives with those our users and ensuring that all data, ai, and machine learning technology will used actually connect people. users online dating apps look for one more the several possible end-results: not meeting meeting short term long term short term long term sexual sexting love letters hook-up romantic relationship non-sexual chatting pen pals social friendship most dating apps, after creating profile, user must through most all the following stages achieve one their goals: browsing profiles ii. identifying appealing profiles iii. indicating bilateral interest iv. exchanging messages arranging date only after reaching stage has the user managed actually achieve one more their goals. successful bilateral messaging will satisfy users whose interests lie the results listed the left half the table above ("non-meeting" results), and successful date can achieve goals listed the right side the table ("meeting" results). any satisfaction derived from any the other stages generally exists only because the potential for advancement stages there are number ways which online dating platforms monetize user engagement the different stages listed above: revenue from third party advertising. showing advertising while users are browsing incentivises the platform when users are stage revenue from users paid membership prerequisite for engaging any the stages all. monthly memberships with discounts for bulk-month purchases, e.g. match.com zoosk. paid features. additional filtering available premium users, such okcupid premium. this increases the likelihood optimizing for stage ii. ii. access the list users who have already expressed interest, such okcupid premium. this increases likelihood optimizing for stage iii narrowing the search, though also potentially introduces bias. iii. additional tools for users get noticed, such tinder's 'boosts', which increase visibility the user for period time. this increases the likelihood achieving stage iii, but again also potentially introduces bias. iv. payment for messaging matches may specifically increase likelihood reaching stage iv. most cases companies accrue revenue stages iii, while users not achieve their goals until stages approach and revenue luna intends use different approach monetization eliminating the use advertisers third parties the platform, well avoiding the use subscriptions direct paid platform features. the approach consists two parts: fees which comprise luna's revenue only occur the case successful communication. described when user receives and reads message boosted with stars, they also receive the stars used boost that message. luna intends take small fee for this transaction, but only the recipient responds the message within window number days yet determined. the recipient does not respond, only responds after more than this number days, this fee will re-paid the sender. the number stars transferred the recipient, however, will remain the same, whether they respond the message not. this way luna's financial incentives will aligned with users' goals stage the exchanging messages. possibility tipping case successful offline dates. another way provide incentive for luna help achieve its users' goals allow users tip the platform after the achievement stage the completion successful date. described .., intend make feedback polls available after dates. once users have rated their experience, luna will then allow them choose whether leave tip their choice the form stars. this voluntary option, should have effect user feedback. tipping platform infeasible idea the context currently existing dating apps; however, the free and direct-to-user benefits luna may register users something more resembling the mechanisms wikipedia: free, friendly, and user-contributed service, rather than platform like match.com, which can feel exploitative. tipping option may thus encourage feeling alliance with luna the user. this way, rather than recreating disparities which exist between the goals current dating platforms and their users, luna's financial incentives and user goals will coincide the same stages successful messaging (stage iv) and successful dating (stage v). anticipate, during the future development the platform, the potential addition other instruments and tools that continue use these key principles align user and platform incentives the core. luna's technology compatibility information used luna based user profile information, in-app messaging behavior, and offline post-date feedback. luna may adopt collaborative filtering algorithm developed dr. kang zhao. addition, luna may use advanced nlp techniques conjunction with ibm watson integrate additional information from the contents messages sent in-app, well from social media sources such twitter, users choose provide that information. machine learning despite significant technological advances information processing, storage, and retrieval, online dating has yet optimally integrate machine learning for the user's benefit. typical task for online dating might predict the level compatibility between two users from given set input data, thus predicting for example whether one user likely respond another user's message. such calculation would based both the recipient's own message history and that other similar users well both users' profile information (income, hobbies, and personality). assessing the relative importance these different features, and deciding how they need combined and weighed against each other best predict the match task likely performed automatically algorithm. predicting compatibility this way ideal use for ml, task that cannot reduced simple rules, but depends the interaction many factors that can only identified extracting information from large amounts data. looking back the fictitious users alice and bob from above, see that luna's algorithm can expected make prediction about whether alice going interested bob, and whether bob would respond message from alice. successful predictions compatibility will enable even more accurate future recommendations, and will also play into providing more effective pricing mechanism the messaging system. recent developments collaborative filtering algorithms extensions with external features, and luna may implement dr. zhao's algorithm extend the technique collaborative filtering (the most common recommender system technique) the setting online dating. practice this means accounting for two ways which online dating differs significantly from more typical recommender system settings. the first that preference must reciprocal; luna, both users have like each other. (such not true in, for example, the area movie recommendations.) the second that there are certain external features which are vital; the recommender system needs make sure that users are recommended only those matches which satisfy the bidirectional compatibility constraints gender and sexual orientation. building model for luna consists supervised machine learning task, since the model has trained based which pairs users have emerged good poor matches. the match between two users such alice and bob can measured two ways: the degree messaging activity, especially reciprocated activity, between the two users. this includes information like whether alice sent initial message bob and whether bob responded alice's message. later, the measure alice and bob's compatibility can improved factoring data such the length their resulting conversation, sentiment analysis the conversation, and indications interactions outside luna (e.g. through text messages, whether chat schedule date). feedback after verified offline date. compared online messaging activities, feedback provided via the luna app can offer much more accurate information the level compatibility, that the model can reinforced and updated. taking the above factors into account, luna may form virtuous cycle between its token system and its model: the model helps make the token system more efficient, determining the price messages according compatibility and the reward for providing post-date feedback; the token system turn helps contribute more and higher-quality data further improve the model. the model will assign higher match score pair users who are predicted compatible their tastes, and thus enjoy dates with each other. initially baseline match will determined solely the personal profiles provided users sign-up. the selection and weight different personal attributes will underpinned social psychology (e.g. the fact that people tend date someone with similar socioeconomic status). more data user behavior becomes available, the model will learn from and constantly improve its predictions. features general, two types data (features) will used help the model learn what constitutes good match and how good matches differ from bad ones, and therefore how predict matches with high probability success: personal profile and preference data provided users, such as: income, education, body type, hobbies, the number and type pictures provided, their preference for number future children, and the text their own personal description. user provides their social media handles, more data their personality can inferred based their social media activity. the behavioral history users luna, including: liking others' profiles, sending messages others, replying others' messages, and user's popularity based e.g. number messages received the number tokens users are willing pay send messages them. analysis these behaviors can provide even better data than personal profiles can deduce user's taste potential partners and the user's attractiveness others. with both user profiles and behavior data the input, and the level compatibility between two users the output, the model will automatically learn the importance these features and how best combine them predict compatibility. the learning process can implemented through different methods and optimization processes. different methods, firstly those developed dr. zhao, will tested and evaluated before implementation. model validation the first phase the app launch will optimize for composite satisfaction metric which takes into account the following components: prediction the likelihood reply user initial message. later versions the accuracy this can improved weighting the answer with factors such the length the resulting conversation, sentiment analysis applied the conversation. prediction the likelihood positive offline feedback, i.e. feedback obtained through the app after verified in-person meeting. these measures ensure that users will have higher compatibility rating with those users they themselves are likely respond to, and with whom they are likely enjoy in-person meetings and dates. important that every algorithm deploy contributes the success our users the platform. are building experimental framework for comparing the effect various discovery and matching algorithms, and will continue assess their success strictly from user success angle, taking into account the needs various user personas. our strong belief that the mechanism establish the popularity the app and the success luna is, ultimately, long-term user satisfaction any user who ceases use the app not because frustration with the messaging imbalance, but the contrary because they have managed find another user with whom form successful relationship, will help encourage additional users search the same result. centralization vs. decentralization current trends hail blockchain panacea; however, centralization remains the right choice for specific applications. additionally, due the immutability blockchain and the unknown nature the future cryptography and code-breaking, irresponsible publish any personal data blockchain. luna users will therefore have control their own private keys. though private servers are specific failure point for any leak breach, there exist best practices secure against attacks. the blockchain world, privacy ever-active area research, with many inconvenient limits. for instance, zeroknowledge proofs still rely trusted protocol wherein masterkeys are created and destroyed. however, once state-channels and lightning networks are known field-tested and invulnerable, luna aims implement these further its decentralization ethos. summarize, the alpha launch, user transactions and compatibility feedback gathering should decentralized, while the storage and processing user-data will centralised for security and optimization. scalability well understood that current blockchain infrastructure not scalable, that there limit the amount total usage any blockchain can handle. for all blockchain-based projects, scaling notable concern luna's long-term technical roadmap, may generate existential risk. luna's approach this issue two-fold. firstly, needs noted that scalability key feature for consensus network platforms, and such the progression already present within the field promising. within the ethereum world alone there are raiden state channels, plasma chain hierarchies, pos state space partitioning, aeternity chain trees, and the polkadot relay chain, among others. elsewhere there are numerous other projects dedicated the task, from sidechains completely new consensus ideas. considering this mass effort, anticipated that solution will likely forthcoming the near future. however, the case scalable solution not found time accommodate luna's growth, backup strategy has been put into place building the luna platform network-agnostic manner. should luna approach mass adoption without ethereum-compatible scaling solution sight, will possible rapidly switch the blockchain integration layer use private network which does compro- mise online scalability. plans future-proof the luna platform the maximum possible extent are place. this will also prove useful the case that ethereum ceases viable for any other unforeseeable reason. while luna currently built ethereum, chain agnostic, and reserves the right shift blockchains the technology demands it. should this the case, users possession star tokens will receive equivalent number stars the new chain. network effect the luna network, expect long tail degree distribution occur, meaning that relatively small number users will attract most the attention. via our token mechanics these high-value users will incentivized spread the word and become 'cheerleaders' the luna platform, which structural advantage addressing the network effect. high-value users are key generating reputation for reliability and quality, and are significantly more effective the spread wordof-mouth awareness than lower-value users. the only online dating app date designed selectively reward popular users, luna anticipates little difficulty attracting large number influential high-value users. addition, luna's growth strategy aims leverage the most well-connected individuals and their direct influencers (in line with the barabasi paradox). references https://www.technologyreview.com/s//first-evidence-that-online-dating-ischanging-the-nature-of-society/ https://www.forbes.com/sites/stevenbertoni////tinder-hits--billionvaluation-after-match-group-converts-options https://www.datingsitesreviews.com/article.php?story=new-report-on-dating-apptrends-reveals-some-surprises http://www.businessinsider.com/online-dating-message-statistics-- http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank////-facts-about-online-dating/ http://www.businessofapps.com/data/tinder-statistics/ https://medium.com/@worstonlinedater/tinder-experiments-ii-guys-unless-you-arereally-hot-you-are-probably-better-off-not-wasting-your-ddfaea https://theblog.okcupid.com/your-looks-and-your-inbox-cfe http://jonmillward.com/blog/attraction-dating/cupid-on-trial-a--month-onlinedating-experiment/ https://www.datingsitesreviews.com/article.php?story=women-enjoy-being-singlemore-than-men--says-new-study https://theblog.okcupid.com/a-womans-advantage-ddded https://mic.com/articles//two-thirds-of-tinder-users-are-men-here-s-why http://consumersresearch.org/consumer-survey-the-best-way-to-swipe-a-mate/ https://twitter.com/aella_girl/status/ https://www.yelp.com/biz/coffee-meets-bagel-san-francisco https://verilymag.com///feminist-online-dating-apps-bumble-tinder-hinge https://www.theguardian.com/technology/shortcuts//mar//from-raya-totinder-select-the-world-of-elite-dating-apps https://blog.siftscience.com//what-percentage-of-dating-profiles-are-fake/ http://vitalik.ca/general////moe.html