lunyr decentralized world knowledge base ethereum driven economic incentives lunyr inc. arnold pham and andrew tran white paper version july this document for informational purposes only and does not constitute offer solicitation sell shares securities lunyr inc. any related associated company. any such offer solicitation would only made confidential offering memorandum and accordance with applicable securities and other laws. please read the important risk disclosures the end this white paper. lunyr may make changes this white paper. please visit lunyr.com for the most recent version. table contents the team abstract market vision lunyr api artificial intelligence virtual reality augmented reality problem centralization censorship inaccuracy solution decentralization token incentive system mandatory peer review platform design peer review app tokens dispute and resolution lun pool advertising roadmap milestones crowdsale crowdsale summary initial lun supply distribution crowdsale token contract guidelines security audit funding usage breakdown disclaimer the team the lunyr team consists serial entrepreneurs, technical leaders, and successful advisors. each core team member has cofounded least one startup. all together, the team possesses the capabilities not only build the project, but also create and grow viable business. the leadership team actively contributes the ethereum community and organizes the second largest ethereum meetup silicon valley. arnold pham cofounder ceo arnold cofounded leandigest inc., silicon valleybased tech startup, ceo. started programming c++ the age eight, and later on, was evangelist bittorrent and bitcoin. ethereum activist, organizes ethereum developers community, the second largest ethereum meetup silicon valley, where also teaches decentralized application development. graduated from university california, los angeles and university pennsylvania. andrew tran cofounder coo andrew cofounded leandigest inc. coo. prior that, had built insurance business with over $mm sales. before entrepreneurship, andrew worked project manager, and later, account executive oracle where closed the largest ever hardware deal for their smallmedium business division. holds b.s. computer science from university california, los angeles and mba from university california, davis. christopher smith cofounder cto christopher was the cofounder cto bitmesh, decentralized platform that enables users share their internet connections. has developed algorithms for internet things and deep learning applications. christopher possesses over seven years experience software engineer. was phd candidate computer science university california, santa cruz and holds m.s. and b.s. mathematics and computer science. dr. greg colvin technical advisor dr. colvin works the ethereum virtual machine (evm) for ethereum dev. his work includes pushing the boundaries evm performance and evolving the evm architecture and ethereum specification. greg has had decades technical experience inventing algorithms, designing systems, and programming applications and servers. his experience includes building and leading world class teams. alex leverington technical advisor alex has been involved with ethereum core developer since the very beginning. worked ethdev, where architected and programmed devpp, ethereum's underlying protocol layer. alex has also made key contributions ethereum encryption and security, primarily touching the various communications protocols. remains active the protocol steering group. grant fondo legal counsel partner goodwin procter llp, grant specializes digital currency, blockchain technology, and securities litigation. experienced federal prosecutor and former assistant u.s. attorney the northern district california. grant the cochair goodwin's digital currency blockchain technology practice, and sits the board the digital currency and ledger defense coalition founding member. abstract lunyr (pronounced "lunar") ethereumbased decentralized crowdsourced encyclopedia which rewards users with app tokens for peerreviewing and contributing information. aim the starting point the internet for finding reliable, accurate information. our longterm vision develop knowledge base api that developers can use create next generation decentralized applications artificial intelligence, virtual reality, augmented reality, and more. market strategic component the lunyr platform its advertising system, which allows for the purchase advertising the platform using lunyr tokens ("lun"). although the lunyr platform unique its design, decentralization, and vision, can compared wikipedia. wikipedia today ranks the sixth most visited site the world according alexa rankings. attracts million unique visitors who view over billion pages per month estimating the amount advertising revenue wikipedia could generate allowed advertising its pages provides clues the potential demand for lun: jason calcanis, the cofounder weblogs, inc, which was acquired aol, published article about wikipedia estimating annual advertising revenue potential $mm alexa amazon.com company that provides commercial web traffic data and analytics. band, jonathan, and gerafi, jonathan. "wikipedia's economic value." rochester, ny: social science research network. calcanis, jason. "wikipedia leaves the table (or "please jimbo, reconsider-media philanthropy could change the world!")." calacanis.com. oct. businessinsider.com performed analysis wikipedia and arrived annual advertising revenue potential $mm vincent juhel published thesis about wikipedia for hec paris, and arrived annual advertising revenue potential billion dollars vision will initially focus finetuning the system improve accuracy, increase content, and grow readership. once the knowledge base matures, will attract wider audience encouraging contributions near realtime data world events and translations multiple languages. ultimately, lunyr intends establish its brand globally reliable, accurate decentralized knowledge base. taking step further, will grow the ecosystem developing api that will attract developers. this lunyr api will allow developers use the knowledge base backbone for creating next generation decentralized applications artificial intelligence, virtual reality, augmented reality, and more. lunyr api the lunyr api holds promise for significantly changing existing business models and creating new ones. the ethereum blockchain currently has knowledge the real world, yet most useful applications require real world information. through the lunyr api, decentralized applications will able tap into the knowledge base and grab accurate data real world events and information. this leads immediate benefits for http://www.businessinsider.com/companies/wikipedia vincent juhel, valorisation benevolat sur wikipedia (master's thesis, hec paris). artificial intelligence, virtual reality and augmented reality applications. artificial intelligence artificial intelligence projects similar siri amazon echo are enhanced with the lunyr api. when users ask factbased questions, the decentralized application can dig through the lunyr knowledge base and provide users with reliable, accurate answers. virtual reality the lunyr api will enhance the intimate and visceral experience interactive virtual worlds. imagine putting virtual reality headset that lets you experience walking the surface mars. you walk along the cold, reddusted ground, information about key landmarks and giant dust storms appear. all this information drawn from the knowledge base. augmented reality the lunyr api can the foundation for learningbased applications augmented reality. imagine you are the beach sunny day and you see beautiful flowers the seashore. you want know what they are you put augmented reality glasses, which will identify the flowers, tap into the knowledge base, and give you all the information you need satisfy your curiosity. problem current crowdsourced knowledge bases face problems with centralization, censorship, and inaccuracy. centralization centralized systems represent single points failure controlled central authorities. individuals relying these systems must trust that authorities will not abuse their power forward selfserving agendas. yet, resisting the temptation abuse power difficult practice for even the most respected authorities. wikipedia deliberately shut down for hours protest against internet piracy laws, preventing individuals worldwide from accessing any information. censorship centralized systems are vulnerable censorship. governments ruling through oppression exert control over citizens prohibiting access free knowledge. syria ranks among the governments where internet censorship pervasive. syria blocks lee, edward. "day wikipedia went dark." boston review. jan. websites for political reasons and arrests those who access them. previously, syria blocked the arabic wikipedia from all internet service providers the country, prohibiting even university students from accessing wikipedia. inaccuracy wikipedia, many articles can edited anyone with internet connection. therefore, users can easily falsify information. although popular articles with inaccuracies are likely quickly corrected, less popular articles can uncorrected for months. for example, john seigenthaler, former assistant u.s. senator robert kennedy, was falsely implicated the assassinations the kennedy brothers his wikipedia biography for over four months. solution lunyr's innovative platform solves the problems centralization, censorship, and inaccuracy seen current knowledge bases. decentralization the lunyr platform built top ethereum and therefore decentralized, censorshipresistant, and autonomous. single point failure exists. central authority middle man owns can corrupt the information. the rules which people interact with the knowledge base and with one another are mutually agreed upon and enforced through smart contracts, which are publicly verifiable the blockchain. token incentive system ethereum enables the creation app tokens, which can used incentive system replace intermediaries. lunyr's system, tokens play key role providing economic incentives that the rational behavior individuals results common good. unlike wikipedia where volunteers must donate their time contribute and validate information, lunyr's platform, contributors are rewarded for their work and are incentivized continue increasing the value the ecosystem. mandatory peer review driveby vandalism and corruption are eliminated the lunyr platform. all content submissions through mandatory peer review process and are not committed the knowledge base until validated for reliability and accuracy. powerful incentive system enabled app tokens ensures that peer reviewers act the best interest the https://freedomhouse.org/report/freedomnet//syria arabic wikipedia disappears from the internet syria, menassat, may seigenthaler, john. false wikipedia 'biography'". usa today. nov. ecosystem. platform design lunyr's innovative platform design aligns each individual's rational economic behavior with benefitting the whole ecosystem. peer review the contributor's workflow begins with adding editing information the knowledge base hopes receiving rewards. each contributor's submission costs gas, flooding the system with junk has its economic limits, just ethereum. all submissions through mandatory peer review process and are not committed the knowledge base unless approved. every submission requires sources for reviewers validate the submission's reliability and accuracy. hence, spam, fake, malicious content will filtered out. every user who submits contribution also required peer review other submissions. use machine learning match peer reviewers with topics with which they will likely familiar. submissions are not committed unless they pass the judgment multiple peer reviewers. crucial that peer reviewers are also contributors ensure that only individuals who are economically aligned with the well being the ecosystem are able peer review submissions. bad actors who try attack the system will fighting against legions good actors driven powerful incentive system. app tokens once the submission passes peer review, the contributor rewarded contribution (cbn) and honor (hnr) tokens. neither cbn nor hnr can transferred other individuals, which ensures that only users who have committed the wellbeing the ecosystem hold cbn and hnr. cbn are used calculate how many lun individual will rewarded for the current reward period. cbn are automatically consumed after lun rewards are distributed for the twoweek reward period. lun are used purchase advertising the platform. hnr used propose and vote issues the dispute and resolution system. consumed upon use. dispute and resolution the dispute and resolution system exists solve any content and quality issues that slipped through the peer review system. issues such malicious content, vandalism, and content reorganization are dealt with here. proposals and votes cost hnr. important that hnr only held users who have committed the ecosystem align their proposal and voting behavior with increasing the value the ecosystem. lun pool lun rewards come from pool lun that accumulates and distributed contributors the end every twoweek reward period. the number lun that individual contributor rewarded based the percent total cbn they hold the end each twoweek period. smart contracts ensure that the distribution will handled with transparency and fairness. the lun pool comes from two sources: new lun that are created and distributed periodically twoweek intervals lun that are used purchase advertising the supply lun grows annual rate the initial token supply. this growth will not start until the beta release the mainnet. these additional lun provide fuel for the ecosystem grow the beginning. the same time, the effective inflation decreases over time towards zero, also known disinflation. lunyr receives the lun pool each twoweek period. this allocation aligns lunyr's incentive with growing the ecosystem. since lunyr's primary source value lun, lunyr's wellbeing tied the wellbeing the ecosystem. therefore, the rational behavior lunyr continually upgrade and improve the ecosystem that grows value for all participants. outside the lun pool, lunyr may sell additional lun purchasers the future. may through exchanges, the blockchain other ways. lunyr may make changes the size the lun pool, lun distribution and other related matters that believes, its reasonable judgment, are beneficial the lun platform growth and development, considers reasonable under the circumstances. keep mind that any corrupt behavior would irrational for lunyr do. lunyr will holding onto lun and any decisions that dilute the value lun and devalue the knowledge base would harmful lunyr. advertising lun are used place advertisements the platform. the ads are textbased such those seen quora. use machine learning make ads contentaware. ads are not committed the platform until they pass through the mandatory peer review system. ads are crucial component the lunyr ecosystem. they create powerful demand for lun from those with financial resources. ads provide the economic force that drives network effects more contributors and readers join the ecosystem. roadmap lunyr committed completing each milestone the roadmap. addition remaining open and transparent communication channels, intend also provide progress updates. will make the following materials available: development newsletters blog posts research and development milestones milestone core features eth) additional features eth) stardust (invitationonly alpha) content submission editor basic peer review system for content and ads celestial (alpha release testnet) basic advertising system wysiwyg editor interstellar (beta release testnet) basic dispute and resolution system comments and tagging for editing and disputes advertising auction system supernova (beta release mainnet) cbn, hnr, lun dashboard nebula (peer review system upgrade) algorithm improvement for peer review contentaware peer matching multilanguage support cosmic (dispute and resolution system upgrade) improved proposal and voting processes dispute and resolution manager starlight (advertising system upgrade) algorithm improvement for advertising contentaware ads advertising campaign manager galaxy (lunyr api) lunyr api content metadata word and edit frequencies scraping api dataset submissions structured data dispute dataset model serving continuous online machine learning crowdsale the initial distribution lun will determined through crowdsale. lun may purchased during the crowdsale pursuant presale purchase agreement expected distribution lun per ether. lun are purchased sending ether the crowdsale token contract according our instructions. the crowdsale will aim begin march utc and continue for four weeks, until the maximum number lun are purchased. the actual start and end time will depend ethereum block numbers, which will announced the lunyr community channels. the crowdsale fails result minimum number lun, then ether sent purchase lun will returned. the crowdsale token contract address which ether will sent purchase lun according our instructions and start and end block numbers will announced the following channels: website: lunyr.com github: github.com/lunyr subreddit: reddit.com/r/lunyr slack: lunyrcommunity.slack.com twitter: twitter.com/lunyrinc blog: medium.com/lunyr crowdsale summary start block: end block: crowdsale period: march april lun purchased per ether: lun per ether minimum ether: eth minimum number crowdsale lun: lun maximum ether (cap): eth maximum number crowdsale lun: lun initial lun supply distribution the overall initial distribution lun will follows: for crowdsale purchasers. for lunyr founders, employees, and advisors distributed timelocked vault that prohibits lun transfers for days. for marketing and promotion distributed the lunyr multisig wallet. for bug bounty distributed the lunyr multisig wallet. crowdsale token contract guidelines before the crowdsale: any ether sent the token contract will rejected. during the crowdsale: any ether sent the token contract according our instructions will result allocation lun the purchaser distribution lun per ether. lun cannot transferred during the crowdsale period. after the crowdsale: users may transfer lun another address. the crowdsale token contract creates additional tokens arrive the token supply distribution. the lunyr token contract now finalized, however, upgraded releases the token contract adding core features and improvements are expected. security audit lunyr committed ensuring the security its platform. with each product release the mainnet, lunyr commits performing security audit with both internal and external reviewers. additionally, there will bug bounty program that rewards developers for finding security and other related issues. funding usage breakdown disclaimer not offer solicit securities and risks associated with lun and the lunyr application last updated march this document for informational purposes only and does not constitute offer solicitation sell shares securities lunyr inc. any related associated company. any such offer solicitation would only made confidential offering memorandum and accordance with applicable securities and other laws. none the information analyses presented are intended form the basis for any investment decision, and specific recommendations are intended. accordingly, this document does not constitute investment advice counsel solicitation for investment any security. this document does not constitute form part of, and should not construed as, any offer for sale subscription of, any invitation offer buy subscribe for, any securities, nor should any part form the basis of, relied any connection with, any contract commitment whatsoever. lunyr expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any direct consequential loss damage any kind whatsoever arising directly indirectly from: (i) reliance any information contained this document, (ii) any error, omission inaccuracy any such information (iii) any action resulting therefrom. the lunyr token, "lun", cryptographic token used the lunyr application. lun not cryptocurrency. the time this writing, (i) with the exception being used place ads the lunyr platform, lun cannot exchanged for goods services, (ii) lun has known uses outside the lunyr application, and (iii) lun cannot traded any known exchanges. lun not investment. there guarantee indeed there reason believe that the lun you purchase will increase value. may and probably will some point decrease value. those who not actually use their lun honestly and fairly may lose their right use lun and may lose their lun those that use lun honestly and fairly. lun not evidence ownership right control. controlling lun does not grant its controller ownership equity lunyr, the lunyr application. lun does not grant any right participate the control, direction decision making lunyr the lunyr application. risk disclosures risk losing access lun due loss credentials the purchaser's lun may associated with lunyr account until they are distributed the purchaser. the lunyr account can only accessed with login credentials selected the purchaser. the loss these credentials will result the loss lun. best practices dictate that purchasers safely store credentials one more backup locations geographically separated from the working location. risks associated with the ethereum protocol lun and the lunyr application are based the ethereum protocol. such, any malfunction, unintended function, unexpected functioning attack the ethereum protocol may cause the lunyr application lun malfunction function unexpected unintended manner. ether, the native unit account the ethereum protocol may itself lose value ways similar lun, and also other ways. more information about the ethereum protocol available http://www.ethereum.org. risks associated with purchaser credentials any third party that gains access learns the purchaser's login credentials private keys may able dispose the purchaser's lun. minimize this risk, the purchaser should guard against unauthorized access their electronic devices. risk unfavorable regulatory action one more jurisdictions blockchain technologies have been the subject scrutiny various regulatory bodies around the world. the functioning the lunyr application and lun could impacted one more regulatory inquiries actions, including the licensing restrictions the use, sale, possession digital tokens like lun, which could impede, limit end the development the lunyr application. risk alternative, unofficial lunyr application following the crowdsale and the development the initial version the lun platform, possible that alternative applications could established, which use the same open source code and protocol underlying the lunyr application. the official lunyr application may compete with these alternative, unofficial lunbased applications, which could potentially negatively impact the lunyr application and lun, including its value. risk insufficient interest the lunyr application distributed applications possible that the lunyr application will not used large number businesses, individuals, and other organizations and that there will limited public interest the creation and development distributed applications. such lack interest could negatively impact lun and the lunyr application. risk that the lunyr application, developed, will not meet the expectations lunyr the purchaser the lunyr application presently under development and may undergo significant changes before release. any expectations assumptions regarding the form and functionality the lunyr application lun (including participant behavior) held lunyr the purchaser may not met upon release, for any number reasons including mistaken assumptions analysis, change the design and implementation plans and execution the lunyr application. risk theft and hacking hackers other groups organizations countries may attempt interfere with the lunyr application the availability lun any number ways, including service attacks, sybil attacks, spoofing, smurfing, malware attacks, consensus based attacks. risk security weaknesses the lun application core infrastructure software the lunyr application consists open source software that based other open source software. there risk that the lunyr team, other third parties may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses bugs into the core infrastructural elements the lunyr application interfering with the use causing the loss lun. risk weaknesses exploitable breakthroughs the field cryptography advances cryptography, technical advances such the development quantum computers, could present risks cryptocurrencies and the lunyr platform, which could result the theft loss lun. risk lun mining attacks with other decentralized cryptographic tokens and cryptocurrencies, the blockchain used for the lunyr application susceptible mining attacks, including doublespend attacks, majority mining power attacks, "selfishmining" attacks, and race condition attacks. any successful attacks present risk the lunyr application, lun, and expected proper execution and sequencing ethereum contract computations. despite the efforts the lunyr team, the risk known novel mining attacks exists. risk lack adoption use the lunyr application while lun should not viewed investment, may have value over time. that value may limited the lunyr application lacks use and adoption. this becomes the case, there may few markets following the launch the platform, potentially having adverse impact lun. risk illiquid market for lun there very well may never secondary market for lun. there are currently exchanges upon which lun would trade. ever exchanges develop, they will likely relatively new and subject poorly understood regulatory oversight. they may therefore more exposed fraud and failure than established, regulated exchanges for other products and have negative impact lun. risk uninsured losses unlike bank accounts accounts some other financial institutions, funds held using the lunyr application ethereum network are generally uninsured. the event any loss, there public insurer, such the fdic, private insurer, offer recourse the purchaser. risk dissolution the lunyr project possible that, due any number reasons, including unfavorable fluctuation the value ether, development issues with the lunyr application, the failure business relationships, competing intellectual property claims, the lunyr project may longer viable business otherwise and may dissolve fail launch. risk malfunction the lunyr application possible that the lunyr application malfunctions unfavorable way, including one that results the loss lun. unanticipated risks cryptographic tokens are new and untested technology. addition the risks discussed this white paper, there are risks that the lunyr team cannot anticipate. further risks may materialize unanticipated combinations variations the discussed risks the emergence new risks.