commercial white paper luxcore team please read this disclaimer section carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax, other professional advisor(s). the information this white paper may not exhaustive and while make every effort ensure that any material this white paper accurate and date, such material way constitutes the provision professional advice. luxcore does not guarantee, and accepts legal liability whatsoever arising from connected to, the accuracy, reliability, currency, completeness any material contained this white paper. investors and potential coin holders should seek appropriate independent professional advice prior relying entering into any commitment transaction based material published this white paper, which material purely published for reference purposes alone. luxcoins will not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction. this white paper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. luxcore does not provide any opinion any advice purchase, sell, otherwise transact with luxcoins and the fact presentation this white paper shall not form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. table contents executive summary what luxcore and why? luxcore's value proposition features the luxcore blockchain luxcore products luxcore revenue streams target markets and segments technical roadmap high-level financials luxcore team disclaimer luxcore whitepaper executive summary this commercial white paper provides detailed overview luxcore ecosystem and insight the commercial aspects the business well the public blockchain commodity, luxcoin. this aims provide information about luxcore's value proposition, the blockchain's features, products and the revenue streams. further looks the roadmap, the organization and key drivers the business. luxcore whitepaper what luxcore why? underlying technologies applications use and how enterprises carry out their businesses are already being transformed the advent blockchain technology. along with smart contracts, the world the process moving trustless, paperless and secure economy, the transfer data, assets, legal contracts even for entertainment. while bitcoin led this revolutionary path, the landscape blockchain technology has seen tremendous technological advancement the past few years with the help many innovative blockchain projects. luxcore's open-source blockchain includes the groundbreaking, energy-efficient, asic resistant algorithm phi; the tradeable commodity, lux coin; masternodes that act network security and rewarding system; smart contracts; and segwit for improved transaction size and malleability. have already seen the power distributed ledgers single source truth: financial transactions, improvement network stability and consensus rules, decentralized treasury systems, secure anonymous and private transactions data, significant increase transaction speeds, digital contracts, daos, dapps and even cross blockchain communication systems. luxcore will provide set unique protocols and tools for easy integration across businesses that requires secure intraorganizational blockchain permissioned blockchain networks. with its upcoming consulting arm, the company aims set up, maintain, and improve such networks for organizations and institutions. but very few companies offer customizable and bespoke blockchain solutions for end users, enterprise and institutions that incorporate the best features the current blockchains while being industry agnostic. the closed-source products, focused service providers, enterprises and institutions, include parallel masternodes (pmn), luxgate, pos enabled web wallet, dapps and blockchain implementation and consulting services. other blockchain solutions take vs. big business vs. governments approach. luxcore's blockchain solution and services are built help all three parties allowing various levels features and security for the user required. luxcore whitepaper first its kind smart contracts segwit parallel masternodes luxgate luxcore's value proposition privacy security cherry-picked solutions while many the blockchain solutions focus individual user privacy and security through cloaking different forms coin mixing, luxcore extends superior private network approach security through luxgate and pmn which encrypted via sam protocol ipd technology. these products offer clients secure blockchain-based channel for data and functional transactions. each the major blockchains existence today has championed one the other feature, masternodes, anonymous transactions, smart contracts, segwit expand their use case. luxcore has cherry picked some these significant attributes and brought them together under one ecosystem. enterprise-ready architecture scalable ecosystem apart from the security private networks running its own chain, using luxgate, enterprises and institutions will able access and run domain specific dapps customized applications their private networks. these can deployed location the cloud per requirement. luxcore whitepaper the number private networks permissioned blockchains that can integrated through luxgate and pmn are unlimited. each these chains could run specific application have specific functionality embedded. luxcore blockchain luxcore blockchain the word lux light latin. offering faster, more efficient, more secure and private transaction solution for individuals, institutions, and governments, luxcore sheds new light the mainstream usability blockchains. luxcore's phi presents the most efficient asic-resistant gpu mining algorithm, with faster hash rates and reduction power and heat consumption this scientifically verifiable the details which will made available the technical paper. luxcore blockchain features are available end users extra cost. anyone who uses the commodity lux coin can access the blockchain using luxcore wallets mine support the network and earn rewards. the security features the blockchain are also available for everyone. hybrid chain that supports both proof-of-work and proof-of-stake, the chain more secure than traditional ones. the seed nodes, full nodes, and wallets that are unlocked for staking, also provide further network stability. specifics and rewards there are three distinct ways for miners and commodity owners rewarded: proof-of-work (pow), proof-of-stake (pos), and masternodes. proof-of-work (pow) proof-of-stake (pos) conceptualized cynthia dwork and moni naor proof-of-stake (pos) another form achieving and coined markus jakobsson and ari juels, pow distributed consensus and validating transactions where was essentially way deter cyber-attacks. the ever- the creator new block chosen deterministic way, ingenious satoshi used this approach create depending the weight and time their holdings. distributed trustless consensus network performing computations (mining) facilitate transactions the luxcore's pos static reward system, not blockchain. the computational difficulty performing dynamic one. pos system gives static reward all these tasks has impact the effort and time required, individuals staking, regardless the amount coins held and the "miners" performing the computational tasks are the wallet. those who hold more coins are rewarded rewarded for their effort. more often. this means having your wallet open and staking great way increase your coins. luxcore uses pow method for establishing the distributed trustless consensus network and ensure lux coin achieves maturity for pos after being seamless transactions online unlocked wallet for hours. total blocks: pos static reward: block size: from block lux instamine protection: blocks after block lux block rewards: lux the reward for staking (.). the reward block time: seconds paid the masternode (.). transaction confirmations: blocks minimum stake age hours minimum transaction fee: maximum pos age luxcore whitepaper luxcore features lux masternodes segwit any computer mining lux staking lux considered node connection the blockchain network. the more nodes, the stronger the network. masternode dedicated server connected the blockchain network that further enhances the network stability and supports the luxsend functionality. run masternode, user required have lux wallet. through the introduction segwit, lux will separate transaction signatures. this achieved stripping the signature from within the input and structuring the end transaction. this ensures higher security prevents the receiver from intercepting and modifying the sender's transaction bid get more coins from the sender the data "detached" from the transaction. masternode owners earn rewards for supporting the network and providing the additional services. these rewards are called proof-of-service rewards. the proof-of-service payment comes from the proof-of-stake and are randomly paid the masternode owners. currently the masternode system being rewarded lux and the pos being rewarded lux for every pos block found. with current block size and block time seconds, the addition segwit will effectively increase transaction size and address transaction malleability issues currently plaguing blockchains. this will prove critical the scalability the luxcore blockchain. this paves the way for the introduction lightning network the future. smart contracts enable the unification blockchains through luxgate and pmn. these smart contracts can deployed directly from the wallet and can trigger cross-network transactions and tasks based pre-defined conditions. this enables the technical scaling the network build enterprise dapps the luxcore chain. smart contract transactions will benefit from other features like improved scalability, privacy, low fees, and security. trading wallet luxsend luxcore's trading enabled wallet will let you stake your coins and trade them too! exchanges are not the safest place for your lux, and when your lux coins are the exchange, you will not receive any pos reward. the trading wallet allows you trade your coins directly from your wallet. form coin-mixing that provides additional layer privacy. the coin-mixing service provided the lux masternode network will ensure trustless mixing coins obfuscate their origin, wallet details, and addresses. luxsend also enables instant transactions. multi-signatures with view security mind, lux will have multi-signatures enabled. longer will funds under single point control failure. this gives users yet another level security while using lux coin. here are some use cases multi-signature transactions: -of- signatures can authorize the transaction. couple may share joint lux account and have two separate signatures. either the two sufficient authorize transaction. -of- signatures couple share joint account, but both parties' signatures are required authorize transaction, thus preventing one party from moving the lux without the approval the other. the number signatures can asv. large -as needed protect the account and allow for sufficient oversight. luxcore whitepaper for example, lux development and business funds will held multi-signature accounts requiring signatures. luxcore products luxcore's core products are closed source and will typically follow licensing subscription-based model. core products along with blockchain features, such smart contracts and segwit, enable customers create single private sustainable ecosystem for their business needs. pos enabled web wallet luxcore's web wallet the first and only pos enabled web wallet the blockchain space that does not pool coins for staking. this product now live and enables staking energy usage for the end user who does not have leave their computer open. pos our unique web wallet will remain free for lux users and available here: http://lux.poswallet.io/ pos enabled web wallet-as-a-service will licensed other blockchain assets and providers the market with customizations and service add-ons. the licenses and service options for the pos web wallet-as-a-service will available for purchase using luxcoin, thus adding value the luxcoin economy. luxgate nothing short technological marvel the blockchain space. luxgate will allow communication between validated blockchains with the ability perform advanced functions and tasks. simple layman terms, luxgate, with the help parallel masternodes, acts cross-blockchain unifying bond between two different ecosystems. for example, the bitcoin blockchain can engage with ethereum blockchain monero blockchain zcash blockchain. parallel masternodes the enablement this private network aims address reliable and secure needs enterprises and institutions. this feature built the revolutionary ipd technology and sam protocol thus enhancing lux's security capability. the parallel masternodes will only available verified and vetted business and government institutions and will act secure information gateway the blockchain. any function, wallet, transaction the parallel masternode will encrypted with the addresses auto-changed. these wallets and transactions are invisible prying eyes meet institutional security prerequisites. permissioned blockchain development consulting services: luxcore will provide bespoke permissioned blockchain creation and customization services. with the help luxgate and pmn, these private networks will able communicate with similar chains and could have their own specific features, for example, different transaction throughput even completely different protocol. this will follow the specific requirements the customer and can have different features from the luxcore public blockchain. this will also provide flexibility enterprise users and may maintained and managed the luxcore operational team required. dapps luxcore will develop and deploy both free and freemium model dapps for the end users. these may used conjunction with the smart contract feature. business dapps will also developed considering possible requirements and needs the enterprise users. these may exclusive for specific business and deployed directly the private network. custom dapp solutions and business application integration through pmn and luxgate will enable cross network usage. luxcore whitepaper luxcore products luxgate parallel masternodes functionality high level use cases luxgate will able interact with centralized functions (e.g. banking institutions) along with the pmn private network, which will act autonomous system behalf the function. luxcore will provide the required technology assistance and consultancy services set pmn and will support the deployment the private network for private institutions. these networks will centralized trustworthy environments and will verifiable the customer validate legitimacy the transactions. with the help this functionality luxcore aims disrupt the traditional banking transactional systems. luxgate and pmn can work cross algorithm and will system agnostic compared other blockchain competitors this space. specific feature from security perspective the ability luxgate and pmn strengthen two layers differing safety algorithms unified combined strength level. luxgate and pmn, together, enable the deployment permissioned blockchains and support the interoperability between networks and chains. permissioned blockchains are key the creation private networks for organizations with different features from the main luxcore blockchain. luxcore whitepaper luxcore's revenue streams revenue generation for luxcore from product perspective from the following segments. luxgate pmn setup and licensing luxcore plans follow licensing model for the setup luxgate and parallel masternodes. banks, businesses, and governments will vetted before they can purchase parallel masternode and luxgate solution. licensing cost will include setup and maintenance costs which will carried out the luxcore operational team. permissioned blockchain creation and customization luxcore will provide bespoke permissioned blockchain creation and customization services. these will follow the specific requirements the customer and can have more features than the luxcore public blockchain. this will also provide flexibility the end user and may maintained and managed luxcore operational team required. e-dapps another key offering from luxcore are consulting services improve the efficiency, features, modification blockchain solutions. this scope covers all segments, and pricing will based the complexity, scope, and requirements the customer. solutions and services consulting pos web wallet monetization pos application development the luxcore blockchain will follow both free and freemium model. custom dapps for enterprise customers will another key revenue stream. these may built the permissioned blockchains will follow feature-based pricing. luxcore's pos enabled web wallet will licensed and monetized pos enabled web wallet-as-a-service other blockchain assets and providers the market with customizations and service add-ons. the licenses and service options for the pos web wallet-as-a-service will available for purchase using the luxcoin commodity. luxcore whitepaper target markets and segments key markets for luxcore products depend use cases the core offerings. luxgate and pmn solutions are primarily positioned meet the demands private enterprises, public institutions, local government bodies, and banks. the map below represents the key target geographies. consulting services focus similar areas while special attention will given bringing small and medium businesses and projects emerging economies under the blockchain ecosystem the global blockchain technology market predicted reach million usd size and forecast grow billion usd luxcore uniquely positioned take advantage this growth. luxcore whitepaper are working hard take glance completed major wallet upgrade luxtre wallet release pos enabled web wallet release smart contract dev team closed testing marketing phase (contracts and engagements signed) progress smart contract and reward change segwit luxgate official release luxgate /pmn ttesting bug bounties mobile wallets technical whitepaper luxgate pmn release pos web wallet-as-a-service testing marketing phase rollout pre-mine burn luxcore whitepaper luxcore high-level financials luxcore did not have ico and funded the initial pre-mine, which was total supply, luxcoin. this expected fund the project for years until the revenue streams are active, after taking into account proposed burn. key expenditures from budget perspective are research and development, human resources, marketing and listings, and regional setup costs apart from reserve funds. research and development regional setup human resources marketing and listings contingency reserve funds luxcore whitepaper meet the team truly virtual team, luxcore business, currently registered australia. following the creation legal entity, the central organization will move different location (tbd). the organization will have regional offices australia, eu, and the address regional requirements and business needs. luxcore team comprised core team for strategic decision making. the core team supported outstanding pool talent, which forms the backbone our organization the operations team for both development and business. john mcafee chief product officer ceo core developer luxcore co-founder guillaume huot cosmin tudor chief officer growth officer product operation development tran nguyen maxim dzekelev core developer developer luxgate pmn luxcore whitepaper meet the team john kim tanguy tpruvot business program lead execution cryptographer client operations david wilson technical support operations luxcore whitepaper sebastian berger developer, web/pos wallet/ios/android wallet luxcore.io please read this disclaimer section carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax, other professional advisor(s). the information this white paper may not exhaustive and while make every effort ensure that any material this white paper accurate and date, such material way constitutes the provision professional advice. luxcore does not guarantee, and accepts legal liability whatsoever arising from connected to, the accuracy, reliability, currency, completeness any material contained this white paper. investors and potential coin holders should seek appropriate independent professional advice prior relying entering into any commitment transaction based material published this white paper, which material purely published for reference purposes alone. luxcoins will not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction. this white paper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. luxcore does not provide any opinion any advice purchase, sell, otherwise transact with luxcoins and the fact presentation this white paper shall not form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision.