lykke exchange: architecture, first experiences and outlook white paper abstract lykke corp fintech company based zurich that has launched the first global marketplace for all asset classes and instruments, using the colored coin protocol blockchain. the paper explains the architecture the exchange and first use cases. discuss how the exchange will evolve over time. explore the macroeconomic benefits the new distributed ledger technology (dlt). the lykke exchange operates similar java the sense that compatible with any type blockchain; marketplace was first developed blockchain bitcoin, but currently being expanded ethereum. every financial instrument can become listed security the blockchain the form digital token, through the so-called colored coin protocol. colored coins follow the idea ''coloring'' specific bitcoin the issuer guarantees hand out the underlying assets the person, who returns the colored coin. for example, the federal reserve (fed) can issue colored coin the same way prints paper money; would take fraction bitcoin and then insert the ''i owe you'' statement the fed, like regular bank note. the same mechanism can used for any other financial claim. colored coins are different nature than cryptocurrencies, because they have specific issuer and are backed real financial asset. reporting colored coins traditional banking software systems, such bookkeeping and risk management straightforward, because every colored coin can include international securities identification number (isin), thus can treated any other financial instrument, fully compatible with existing back-office systems. financial institutions can create colored coins for existing financial products and gradually move business processes blockchain. they can operate the old and the new systems parallel and switch over the new system their own pace. the new system, interest rate payments are second second, improving liquidity provision. lykke has launched the exchange initially for the main currencies, the lykke coin (shares lykke) and started two innovative projects: colored coins for music rights and colored coins for certificates. perspective asset classes include futures options digital assets, crowdfunded loans for retail and private equity financing for small and medium-sized enterprises (sme), contracts for difference, zero coupon bonds and other fixed income, natural capital bonds and more. lykke exchange and all its tools and services are open source; the transparency technology ideal for research. the paper provides high level overview the dlt, exchange architecture and reports initial experiences. the paper concludes with research agenda and technological roadmap. introduction the financial system architecture has grown organically. over the past forty years, individual steps the workflow financial transactions have been computerized; the business process remained unchanged, processing continued manual. delivery and settlement transaction batch based and occurs with time delay two and more days and does not happen the time the trade. the outcome convoluted banking architecture, pile spaghetti. every bank has its own bookkeeping system and island from audit point view, where verification trades cumbersome and prone errors. this regime contributes high degree fragmentation and uncertainty the market, multiplication risk factors, high transaction costs for financial assets and lack liquidity and transparency financial markets. attempt rewire the current financial system lykke builds global internet exchange, where all financial instruments will traded and exchanged against each other, whatever their asset class the size transaction. every financial instrument will listed security the form digital token so-called colored coin) and all transactions will logged universally accessible distributed ledger, decentralized notary service that ensures immediate global consensus about completed transactions and asset ownership. like the internet itself, the ledger not controlled single entity, but emergent phenomenon consisting its participants. trades will settled and validated immediately; processing will digital and transaction costs will minuscule. the ledger includes wallet, every owner digital coin has his own private key protecting his ownership. there will intraday interest rate market and yield curve. market participants will able buy and sell colored coins different issuers and change counterparty risk any time. the number traded financial instruments will grow exponentially, transaction volumes will skyrocket and liquidity will ample. lykke aims become the global marketplace and establish itself the backbone new and highly sophisticated banking architecture that not plagued the deficiencies the present system. this paper introduces the architecture lykke exchange and provides the details the first months trading beta mode. distributed ledger technology overview this chapter provides overview over what distributed ledger technology can and cannot comparison traditional software architecture. also compares different variants dlt and compares them bitcoin, which the oldest and most popular implementation. what dlt? abstract terms, distributed ledger way find consensus among multitude servers the absence mutual trust. most dlt variants follow proof-of-work protocol, which provides strong economic incentives for contributing the network security (mining). the largest distributed ledger currently operation the bitcoin blockchain. the hardware cost match the computing power that currently secures the bitcoin blockchain likely the triple-digit millions, not higher. colored coins software protocol specify terms and conditions attached particular bitcoin smaller bitcoin increment. analogy financial securities issued paper certificates, bitcoin small increment used kind paper specify additional terms and conditions. distributed ledger fundamentally based publicly announcing every transaction, thus allowing anyone listening verify and track the balances every other network participant. whenever alice wants transfer bitcoins (or whatever currency that ledger supports) bob, she creates according transaction, signs and publicly announces it. from now on, everyone knows that alice has bitcoins less and bob has bitcoins more. this all there it. all other complications such mining stem from the problem ensuring the existence reliable public transaction archive and that everyone agrees which transactions have actually happened what order. bitcoin itself and most bitcoin clones rely proof-of-work secure their blockchain. the idea behind proofof-work increase the cost attack letting the majority the computing power the network build the blockchain. sustained brute-force attack would require majority computing power the bitcoin network. proof-of-work comes with immense amount "wasted" computing power, "proof-of-stake" has been proposed alternative. however, some argue that this approach fundamentally flawed and far, attempts creating proof-of-stake based ledgers have had mixed success. when measuring security the usd-cost attack, the most secure distributed ledger currently existence the bitcoin blockchain. there are alternative cryptocurrencies that add security principle thanks certain tweaks. litecoin, for example, uses hashing algorithm that makes harder create specialized mining chips. ethereum follows plan discourage professionalization mining and switch the proof-of-stake consensus model. but the sheer amount computing power securing the bitcoin blockchain dwarfs the effect those tweaks. one cannot rule out that other cryptocurrencies succeed taking the lead security-wise the medium term future, but for now, the bitcoin blockchain remains the most secure platform build on. dlt vs. distributed database open distributed ledger great platform build other services top, independent technology without any vendor lock-in other entity behind that might abuse one day further their strategic agenda. examples other such decentralized technologies that serve platform for others build are linux, email, the internet. distributed ledger should the technology choice for projects that benefit from high inter-operability and versatility use. soon the involved parties can trusted, there are usually more efficient solutions than distributed ledger. when the main issue unreliable hardware that can otherwise trusted, the paxos algorithm typically used. this what google does order provide reliable services with commodity hardware. then, there are number database solutions that can the most efficient principle but require highly reliable hardware and also complete trust the operator. decentralization comes cost. the power the bitcoin platform open platform technologies can unleash enormous powers, which would not materialize centralized setup. the classic example the internet, which thrives thanks its open architecture and which has quickly outrun all alternative approaches (e.g. the french minitel). another example linux, which serves operating system for the majority servers the internet. its main advantage the fact that company can commit using without becoming dependent potential competitor. third example the email protocol, which being used send billions messages every day. email would never have flourished the same extent was directly controlled company. similarly, bitcoin often seen the open platform for finance. originally, bitcoin was most popular among cypherpunks and cryptoanarchists. this day, bitcoin has significant number proponents from that background, who love bitcoin for its libertarian philosophy and who cherish digital gold. driven vast inflow venture capital, bitcoin gaining broader traction among early adopters whose enthusiasm stems more from bitcoin's usefulness and versatility than from its technical brilliance. since bitcoin saw unprecedented inflows venture capital. one number growing startups that have each raised venture capital the double digit millions. while most bitcoin startups are profit driven with clear plan for generating revenue, blockstream which recently raised million remarkable exception. unlike other bitcoin startups, blockstream aims improving the bitcoin infrastructure itself without obvious financial benefit. its investors argue that there huge value being able help shaping the future the bitcoin protocol and being the forefront bitcoin development. the most important metrics for bitcoin traction the number transactions per day, which currently approaching illustrated figure figure bitcoin transactions per day (-day average) https://blockchain.info/charts/n-transactions?daysaveragestring=&timespan=all# another interesting metric the amount computing power supporting the network, which currently approaches terahash/s (see figure figure computing power supporting the bitcoin network (-day average), th/s (an average has about gh/s, specialized mining hardware th/s) given the price estimates the current mining hardware, would cost around million usd hardware acquire enough computing power dominate the bitcoin network. the bitcoin exchange rate peaked autumn somewhat above usd, and now meanders around usd. currently new bitcoins are mined daily, inflow more than million usd per day necessary just hold the price its current level, which high, but obviously not unrealistic. https://blockchain.info/charts/hash-rate?daysaveragestring=&timespan=all# https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/mining_hardware_comparison https://www.bitmaintech.com/productdetail.htm?pid=dcjiok figure bitcoin exchange rate, usd initially, enthusiasts and hobbyists with desktop pcs and later graphics cards equipped with parallelized chip architecture did bitcoin mining. today, bitcoin mining has become professional endeavor, with customdesigned chips and value chain specialized services. hardware manufacturers such bitmain technologies bitfury design and manufacture specialized asic chips. the miners operate the hardware typically locations with low electricity costs and sell the generated computing power mining pools, which turn redistribute the freshly minted coins and earned transaction fees back the miners. bitcoin valued times high the second most highly valued crypto currency ethereum thereby clearly taking the lead (table the value currency strongly depends the number participants, which turn attracts more participants, leading network effect. typically, communication technologies such the telephone whatsapp and social networks such facebook share this network effect, which makes competing with the number one uphill battle. thus, bitcoin has significant first-mover-advantage, which plays out threefold: the more users there are, the more useful bitcoin becomes, there are more places spend bitcoin and counterparties exchange bitcoin with, attracting even more users. currencies require trust, but trust can only built over time, thus everything else equal giving the oldest currency natural edge over its competitors. the more volume there the more transaction fees there are, attracting more miners and making the network more secure, which turn again attracts additional users and volume. with currencies that serve store wealth, there additional lock-in insofar takes effort transfer that wealth into other currencies. thus, there are multiple effects place that make very hard dethrone bitcoin. this effect often referred metcalfe's law: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/metcalfe%s_law icon cryptocurrency market capitalization usd bitcoin ,,, ethereum ripple steem litecoin ethereum classic dash nem maidsafecoin nxt table cryptocurrencies market capitalization chapter summary bitcoin one those technologies which people see the potential disrupt the world. illustrates the power that open platforms can unfold. there are various competitors and clones, but none them comes close the popularity and success bitcoin. the many unsuccessful attempts creating competing coins show that one should, whenever feasible, ride the wave and build top bitcoin instead creating one's own proprietary ledger. building top bitcoin, one can leverage the power its blockchain, which has been continuously running for over five years and amassed computing power worth hundreds millions, thereby enabling lean business model, that stands the shoulders giant. the total value all coins circulation current prices often referred market capitalization. updated //. source: http://coinmarketcap.com/ colored coins exchange architecture this chapter present the architecture exchange for colored coins. colored coins mean issuerbacked securities the bitcoin blockchain. orders are collected and matched semi-trusted exchange. matched orders are settled the bitcoin blockchain, where each successful trade between parties appears set atomic colored coins swap transaction. unfilled and expired orders are discarded. the exchange does not take possession the traded coins, but needs trusted match trades correctly. assuming basic level trust the trader which could for example established providing collateral trading can take place fast the communication between trader and exchange permits, with subsequent settlement the blockchain. exchanges for cryptocurrencies can organized with different degree centralization. typically, centralized exchanges are much more efficient, whereas decentralized exchanges are more secure they require less trust the exchange. due their higher efficiency and simplicity, most volume currently traded centralized exchanges such btc china, bitstamp bitfinex. trader such exchange must entrust all assets his trading account the exchange. history shows that this not without risk, with the most famous examples being the collapse mtgox (more than bitcoins disappeared) and the most recent hacking bitfinex stolen bitcoins). exchanges such bitcoin.de and localbitcoins are more decentralized and restrict themselves organize trades and offer escrow services, but let the traders execute the actual trade bilaterally, whereas traders localbitcoins often even meet physically. this naturally limits the achievable speed trading the speed the underlying payment system (e.g. sepa moving bank notes). these exchanges can achieve much higher trading frequency without having resort client deposits restricting themselves cryptocurrencies that can exchanged instantly. examples such exchanges whole cryptocurrency systems that include built-in decentralized exchanges are omni, counterparty, and bitsharesx none which achieved the same commercial success yet the aforementioned centralized exchanges. these exchanges frequently try even decentralize the matching trades, which problematic fundamentally hard enforce rules decentralized system, especially when timing crucial. for the design our exchange, opt for system with centralized matching trades, but with direct bilateral exchange assets, trying combine the best both worlds. one should also note that, when trading particular colored coins any other issuer-backed asset, there exposure centralized point failure anyway, namely the issuer. design considerations follow the design principles simplicity and minimal risk. thus, prefer proven systems with known shortcomings that are good enough for our purposes over theoretically better systems. the best validated distributed ledger technology clearly bitcoin, with blockchain spanning back more than five years. unfortunately, the bitcoin network only supports one asset, the bitcoin. one way overcome this would create adapted version and operate separate blockchain that runs that adapted protocol. with separate blockchain, one cannot benefit from all the computing power securing the bitcoin network, calling for further adaptions, such abandoning proof-of-work (majority computing power says which transactions settle) for proof-of-stake (majority coin wealth says which transactions settle) something entirely different. the path building custom ledger has been chosen number cryptocurrencies, such ethereum. this leads the risks over-engineering and stepping into uncharted territories, which are both hard control. market overview, bitcoincharts.com thus, instead creating yet another distributed ledger, decided make use the colored coins approach, which builds top the bitcoin blockchain. the name suggests, colored coins follow the idea "coloring" specific bitcoin, with issuers guaranteeing hand out the underlying assets whoever returns that colored bitcoins (or fraction thereof). thus, such colored coins are always linked bitcoins like physical coins being bound few grams metal that also has value itself and independent the currency value. further limitations are discussed the scalability section. current implementation lykke exchange operates with open asset colored coins protocol. the proposed exchange positioned between completely decentralized proposals (such counterparty) and completely centralized ones (such bitstamp). decentralized approaches tend come with significant overhead, for example creating entry the blockchain for every issued order. centralized exchanges are much more efficient, but require the exchange take possession over the assets the traders deposits, which many jurisdictions comes with certain regulatory duties (e.g. requiring banking license). our approach finds middle ground between those two. only completed trades enter the blockchain, while unfilled orders are discarded. the same time, assets can traded hoc and are directly transferred between the trading parties, thereby letting the exchange act mere broker without clients' deposits. involved parties there are three involved parties: issuers issue ious colored coins. these coins can represent currencies, stocks, any other transferable asset. exchange can demand from the issuer file formal application for his coins listed, but there technical necessity so. principle, any colored coins could traded exchange even without the consent the issuer. the role the issuers passive, all they can observe completed trades they settle the blockchain. traders possess bitcoins colored coins and desire trade them for other assets. traders typically need registered with the exchange order establish basic level trust (e.g. legally providing collateral). initiate trades, they send orders exchange their choice. the traded assets must reside bitcoin address associated with the trader's account the exchange. traders primarily communicate directly with the exchange, but should also observe the blockchain verify the correct settlement their trades. exchanges wait for traders send them orders and collect them order book. the usual order types are supported (bid, ask, limit, etc). matched trades are settled the blockchain. principle, any asset pair can traded, but practice market forces will probably let dominating currency emerge (similar the usd classical foreign exchange). there could various competing exchanges. high-level description traders create order creating and signing collateral transaction send coins the exchange, whereas the amount and type coins they intend sell. unlike usual transactions, this collateral transaction not sent the bitcoin network, but the exchange instead, along with additional information about the order (type, asset buy, limit, etc.). the collateral transaction guarantees settlement for the matched trade case trader https://github.com/openassets/open-assets-protocol/blob/master/specification.mediawiki offline. the provided collateral transaction will never broadcasted over the bitcoin network the client signs atomic swap transaction for the matched trade. soon the exchange receives matching order containing second collateral transaction, the exchange creates atomic swap transaction that sends the exchanged amounts the two traders and asks both traders sign it. broadcasting the atomic swap transaction signed both traders will invalidate guarantee transactions while spending the same outputs. one the trader offline and not able sign the swap transaction, the exchange uses collateral transactions and sends the exchanged amounts the two traders. unfilled cancelled orders are simply discarded. partial trades most the time, one the involved orders will only partially filled. the remaining funds are immediately returned the sender for resubmission the remaining trade. for example, trader toni issues order sell usd for eur and his order immediately matched with usd worth counter-orders, the remaining usd are sent back toni along with the acquired eur. toni's trading software then automatically creates and signs new order sell the remaining usd. matching lykke exchange implements new type queuing system for the limit orders. the queuing system pricespread-time dependent, because rewards market participants for quoting two-way prices and revealing information about their price expectation. market participants who are confident that the price level will remain unchanged, will offer low spreads, they will get preferential treatment and will move ahead the queue. highfrequency traders will not able extract unfair advantage from the pending limit orders the case today with price-time queuing systems that are standard. the innovation translates into improved price discovery with lower price volatility and improved market efficiency. the price-spread-time queuing system major innovation for the industry electronic market places, which use queuing systems that are only price-time dependent. multisignature wallets able trade, traders should deposit coins into exchange. depositing coins not equal trusting coins. the exchange uses -of- multisignature address wallets deposit trader's coins. -of- multisignature address requires two signatures spend coins from both trader's and exchange's signatures. client -of multisig wallet client exchange exchange figure -of- multisignature address used deposit trader's coins. two signatures are required spend coins both trader's and exchange's. multisig wallet provides the following advantages: deposit does not mean trust: the exchange cannot spend coins without the trader's key. even the exchange compromised and the exchange's key stolen, the trader will not lose his coins. the second key required spend deposited coins. coins flow control: the other hand, the exchange's signature required for each transaction. deposited coins cannot transferred outside the exchange without the exchange being aware it. green nodes network: identified clients only (kyc) are allowed trade. trader able spend deposited coins whether for trading inside the exchange for withdrawal. trader cannot transfer the coins outside the exchange green nodes network, it's not allowed the issuer. multisignature address safety what happens with deposited coins the exchange's private key destroyed? would the deposited coins frozen the multisignature address forever? guarantee funds recovery from the multisig wallet, the exchange provides offchain refund transactions. -of multisig wallet client exchange client exchange refund offchain transaction nlocktime=d figure off the blockchain refund transaction signed the exchange. refund transaction will valid after days lock. refund transaction sends deposited coins back the trader's private address. once the refund transaction signed the exchange and trader, the refund can broadcasted after days. the refund transaction invalidated each time when the trader makes trade that spends "refunded" outputs. the exchange generates new refund transaction after each new trade and sends the transaction binary file the trader's mail. the trader may use the refund case emergency. the exchange monitors new transactions the blockchain and detects the valid refund transaction was broadcasted. considered withdrawal. scalability generally, all received coins can immediately reused new trade. thus, trading can fast the connection between trader and the exchange permits (normally the range ms). temporarily, the number trades can exceed the limits given the bitcoin blockchain, this just leads delayed settlement. note that the size the collateral (or amount trust the trader) should cover the potential net gain the trader when unwinding the unsettled transactions. thus, the exchange should measure that potential net gain and block further trading case approaches the size the collateral. upon the implementation recent segwit soft-fork the bitcoin network will have limit about transactions per day. today, the network processes about transactions per day. soon the number issued transactions hits the limit, miners will start drop the ones with the lowest fees. every dropped transaction means loss potential revenue, they will likely push for increase the limit such scenario. the actual technical limit according core developer gavin andresen the range hundreds millions transactions per day. mitigate capacity limit, lightning network and micropayment channels are the perspective approaches. instead broadcasting each single transaction the blockchain, parties deliver coins sending signed transaction messages offchain with subsequent net settlement the blockchain. micropayment channels approach micropayment channel based the -of- multisignature address where both parties the channel deposit coins into the address and communicate off the blockchain. the current balance parties stored the most recent offchain refund transaction signed both parties spending from the multisignature address. make transfer, client sends signed refund transaction message spending the corresponding volume coins from the multisignature address. the final refund transaction signed both parties can broadcasted when the parties withdraw their coins. payment hubs payment hub acts intermediary for transferring money from one point another. traders who need exchange asset scalable way would open micropayment channels with payment hubs. when one wants send usd coins the exchange he/she would send coins the usd payment hub using the channel, then the hub sends its coins the exchange using another channel. payment hubs cannot steal coins the way exchange because using hash lock protection. payment hubs provide coins the payment channel address for being able route payments effectively. exchange sends eur coins back the trader using another eur payment hub that provides liquidity for the eur coins. issuers coins may act payment hubs provide transferring the issued coins the scalable way. depends transaction, see also maximum transaction rate bitcoin wiki https://blockchain.info/charts/n-transactions https://gist.github.com/gavinandresen/ecbadbfac http://lightning.network/docs/ https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/contract#example_:_rapidly-adjusted_.micro.payments_to_a_pre-determined_party bitcoin opcode op_checksecvenceverify (bip-) available for relative lock-time mainnet bitcoin blockchain from may this opcode can used for providing revocable refund transaction for the multisignature payment channel address. http://ozlabs.org/~rusty/ln-deploy-draft-.pdf https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/lightning_network#hash_locks figure both exchange and traders have micropayment channels with payment hubs able transfer multiple types coins off the blockchain. issuer the coins may act payment hub. attacks malicious traders could prevent the settlement trade issuing competing transaction that sends the offered coins elsewhere. doing this trivial long the order pending and thus transaction published but assuming that the exchange provides option cancel pending orders, there motivation results the same, namely the cancellation the order. malicious trader might also regret order after was matched and sent the network, thus wanting disrupt settlement. transactions spread quickly through the bitcoin network, successfully issuing competing transaction prevent that regretted trade would require collusion with the miner who happens mine the next block something large mining pool probably would not want risk its reputation for such cheating attempts are perfectly detectable. the easy detectability also allows automatically trigger counter-measures such freezing the collateral the trader banning the trader. related attack based transaction malleability. transaction malleability weakness the bitcoin protocol that allows anyone slightly alter transaction ways that cause the transaction change its (hash). should the altered transaction enter the blockchain instead the original one, already issued follow-up transactions will orphaned and fail they use the original refer their predecessor. the necessary adaptations the bitcoin protocol fix this are known, and implemented. another attack the system could performed the exchange itself. hacked run malicious operator, whoever controls the exchange could potentially take possession all assets all currently pending orders. this already much better than the risk traditional exchanges like mtgox misappropriate all their clients accounts, but still significant risk that needs addressed through according security and regulatory measures. all the aforementioned risks pale comparison the counterparty risk inherent colored coins. regardless how securely the exchange organized, issuer colored coins could default misappropriate the underlying assets. exchange can help alleviate this risk only allowing the trade coins from verified issuers with quantifiable counterparty risk. this risk can mitigated diversifying coins across multiple issuers and swapping coins that are deemed less risky necessary. leveraged trading order provide leveraged trading, intermediary service such bank willing provide credit necessary. this basically the same traditional leveraged trading. instead directly trading the exchange with their own wallets, traders will transfer their assets managed wallet. such managed wallet resembles bank account, with the bank managing the wallet having full control over the contained assets. like classical banking, orders issued the traders the bank first, where they are verified, and then sent the exchange. the bank can then offer credit the trader, which added the managed account. but soon the account not sufficiently covered any more, the margin call issued, the assets liquidated, and outstanding credit returned the bank. current state lykke exchange was developed since december and went live beta march with wider industry test that started may the infrastructure consists the following components: matching engine lykke backend (microsoft azure) blockchain bitcoin open asset colorcore issuer (coinprism) lykke wallet app (ios android) market making algorithms figure lykke exchange high-level architecture lykke exchange and all its tools and services are fully open source. total size lykke code github repository has recently reached million lines, with own (not-forked) code exceeding million. the development process has started result the competition launched september three prizes were awarded the three submissions that were received. the proposed projects were complementary the design platform and the asset protocol, and this helped form core the lykke team. crowd-based approach resources the company organization inspired the principles that govern dynamic systems nature, such the human body. lykke implements emergent structure, where processes are crowd-based and contributors are incentivized with prizes many different shapes and forms. prize-payouts have scaling property with many small prizes. for example: first prize with payout usd, four second prizes with payout each usd and third prizes with payout each usd total cost usd. the scaling property prizes reward many individuals and nurture talent broader scale than the typical approach just offering one first, one second and one third prize. successfully applied this idea the design competition for the exchange. the company has small core group managers; they are mandated get the processes going, fine tune operations have very specific technical expertise. use the crowd process screening mechanism identify highly dedicated and gifted employees. the crowd-based management principle has our knowledge never been implemented radically envisioned for lykke. there are, however, examples companies and nonprofit organizations that have followed similar management principles, such wikipedia, mozilla open source initiatives, such bitcoin eclipse. the productivity these initiatives terms output relative cost indication that the crowd-based strategy may surpass expectations. chapter summary building secure, high-performance exchange for colored coins technically feasible. there are number trade-offs between performance and security. trusted environment, the highest performance reached, whereas completely secure setup comes price slower transactions. both approaches can mixed depending requirements. the distributed ledger technology allows run such cryptoexchange fully transparent and open way, potentially allowing anyone trade with minimal trust requirements and providing platform for other cryptoservices build on. current implementation lykke exchange operates with open asset colored coins protocol and -of- multisignature wallets. lykke exchange and all its tools and services are fully open source. https://github.com/lykkecity/lykkex https://lykke.com/leadership.php lykke exchange first experiences and outlook may lykke has launched the exchange initially for the main currencies, including dollar, euro, swiss franc, british pound, japanese yen, well bitcoin and lykke coin (shares lykke). during the period between may and august around trades were settled. the full trade log available blockchain. total accounts appeared trade. the distribution trading activity log-log scale shown figure most active account designated market maker, which processes most the trades. figure distribution trading activity lykke exchange (in log-log scale). each dot represents trader. settle the asset swap transaction the blockchain bitcoin, the dynamic fee used conditional the bitcoin network traffic optimize the broadcasting time. the settlement time (time interval from the order matching until the first confirmation) has lognormal distribution: n(-., .). see figure for the empirical cumulative probability density function and fitted curve. the median time the settlement minutes, the trades settled within hour; within hours; within hours. https://www.coinprism.info/address/anjbxskfkvnbywkwenqaxrvljeqrab https://bitcoinfees..co/api/v/fees/recommended figure distribution confirmation time lykke exchange (in hours log scale) the most actively traded asset pair lykke exchange the period was btc/usd, which accounted for the trades; with lykke coins standing the second most active. figure structure trading activity lykke exchange, number trades. july two innovative projects were started: colored coins for music rights (sheela coin) and colored coins for biodiversity protection finance linked certificates (rimba raya coin). pilot music rights iou issuance was done collaboration with zeptagram for the song "sheela!" from the album "the lifting the veil" recorded tapefly (stim id: iswc id: t--). free float the coin for the market cap eur. rimba raya biodiversity (rrb) pilot coin was issued with infiniteearth that working with the local community borneo, indonesia, introduce sustainable forestry, build schools and hospitals, while also supporting critical orangutan sanctuary. rimba raya one only four global redd+ projects achieve triple gold ccb rating for climate, community biodiversity benefits. the rrb coin backed redd+ credits. the value rrb will fluctuate like other traded commodities. given the ico bulk discount, however, rrb will likely appreciate average institutional redd+ pricing levels. over the next five ten years, rrb could benefit from global price carbon, which leading economists agree the most effective policy response climate change. perspective asset classes include: equity financing; contracts for difference (cfd); futures options digital assets; zero coupon bonds and other fixed income; natural capital assets; industry settlement coins; land and real estate; crowd-funded retail loans. chapter summary once formulated paul buchheit: "bitcoin may the tcp/ip money". the money transmission protocols will evolve and future there will many blockchain-based digital assets. the important component that missing global market place that enables exchange digital assets directly without going through fiat crypto currencies. lykke builds global internet exchange, where all financial instruments will traded and exchanged against each other, whatever their asset class the size transaction. the first two months operations lykke exchange has shown the viability the semi-trusted architecture that allows compromise between usability, liquidity and security funds the toxic internet environment. http://rimba-raya.com/wp-content/uploads///ine-rrc-pressrelease-sept.pdf reduced emissions from avoided deforestation and forest degradation (redd+) http://www.un-redd.org/ paul buchheit, creator gmail, https://twitter.com/paultoo/status/ envision the following technological and business roadmap ahead: margin trading regulated retail offchain settlement scalable transactions per second ethereum support: multisig wallets, interblockchain atomic swaps payment system provider regulated institutional fixed income products, commodities billion usd average daily volume the transparency the blockchain technology provides unique research opportunities: the trade log has the resolution participants id. potential research directions include particular: empirical market microstructure digital assets marketplace; scaling laws and optimal market design; intraday yield curves estimation and impact intraday interest and market liquidity and price discovery market participants ecology and behavioral studies; market abuse detection; settlement finality research; consequences for systemic risk; macroeconomic impact digitizing financial assets.