healthy lifestyle ecosystem powered user-generated and user-controlled sports and wellness data table contents abstract challenges the mobile health data industry ownership integration free data flow the health industry and the blockchain lympo: ecosystem powered user-generated data lympo wallet and user reward mechanism lympo marketplace: monetizing data lympo crowdfunding platform roadmap lympo: user reward solution description security measures lympo (lym) token sale team abstract the usage mobile health (mhealth) apps and wearables ever-growing. more than smart phone users gather health-related information their phone. alone, mhealth app store downloads totalled billion. health-related data precious asset for both individuals and stakeholders the data-driven sports, health and wellness industry. however, the users generating this data cannot aggregate, share and monetize it. moreover, because lacks the means interconnect existing data, the industry cannot unlock its full potential for the benefit all market players. the rise mhealth applications has not yet delivered the promise digital technology empowering individuals and resulting better health care and more connected sports and wellness market. the lympo ecosystem resolves this problem. powered user-generated and user-controlled fitness and wellness data, lympo will allow the exchange value through the introduction lym utility tokens. lympo's goal ecosystem where data used efficiently all industry stakeholders and everyone rewarded fairly. consists three pillars: the lympo fitness wallet, marketplace and the lympo crowdfunding platform. the lympo digital fitness wallet and user reward mechanism the core the lympo ecosystem. the wallet functions entry the ecosystem and allows users rewarded lym tokens for their healthy lifestyle achievements. these tokens can used purchase goods and services marketplace starting from existing lympo platform uniting more than fitness professionals and later expanding broad network sports, wellness and health goods and services providers. finally, lym tokens will used the lympo crowdfunding platform invest innovative data driven companies the industry which will contribute the growth this new ecosystem. challenges the mobile health data industry the digital health market exploding both number new companies and with the expected market size billion much growth predicted come from the mobile health (mhealth) market. alone, the estimated total number mhealth apps increased that same year, the number mhealth app store downloads totalled billion, with smartphone users gathering health-related information their phone. most newer phones have inbuilt health-related data gathering capacities predicating this number soar the upcoming years. what data are gathering? over the years, the fastest-growing mhealth sector was the fitness and wellness domain with projected compound annual growth (cagr) all mhealth apps the u.s. connect wellness services, among which fitness has strong leadership position with the total apps. top categories also include weight loss, exercise, women's health, sleep and meditation. from wellness not-so-wellness united states, mobile-health apps, fitness wellness disease and treatment source: ims health economist.com lifestyle and stress diet and nutrition diseasespecific women's health and pregnancy other health-care providers medication reminders the same time, since the sports wellness market has almost doubled from over billion dollars. all key market players this industry: from personal trainers, gyms, sports apparel and healthy food producers health insurers and companies aiming incentivize healthy lifestyle among their employees, could benefit from cross-platform fitness and wellness data exchange. nevertheless, the data which users track every day remains confined single global digital health market from statista, https://www.statista.com/statistics//value-of-worldwide-digital-health-market-forecast-by-segment/ the mhealth app market getting crowded reaching the apps, ticbiomed, https://www.ticbiomed.org////the-mhealth-app-market-is-getting-crowded-reaching-the---apps/ mobile healthcare the future, greatcall, http://www.greatcall.com/greatcall/lp/is-mobile-healthcare-the-future-infographic.aspx?clickid=vvjgcqzdywdvjstxhwxukhvpyzbrqvti&irpid=&utm_medium=affiliate&utm_source=skimbit%lt d.&ag=bva mhealth solutions market global forecast markets markets, http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pressreleases/mhealth-apps-and-solutions.asp provider small network partners best, and said user has very limited ways share it. notwithstanding, the growing market and the extensive use mhealth apps have not yet deliver the promise digital technology that empowers individuals and results better health care and more connected sports and wellness market. the crucial shortages: are not the owners the quantified self; mhealth apps not integrate with each other. due restricted data flow, sports and wellness market lacks connectivity. major industry shortages ownership the world economic forum announced personal data new asset class. among all data classes, health related data one the most valued and expensive assets. however, turns out that our personal data not our personal asset. the quantified self term denoting "self-knowledge through self-tracking". while might have been voluntary movement back nowadays are all voluntarily involuntarily part this movement use smartphone with health data tracking, any mhealth app fitness wearable. the problem that while are busy quantifying ourselves, the companies whose products are using are busy collecting our data and generating profits from it. and this big concern for users. study the journal the american medical association finds that "many health apps may sharing patients' health data without their knowledge". another study reducing cardiovascular disease (cvd) risk with the help mhealth apps and wearables concludes that: mobile health technology has shown the potential optimize the management cvd and other chronic diseases empowering patients through better health self-monitoring and education. however, several challenges are present when patient's data are utilized and monitored the healthcare setting. common issue the privacy and security health information. quantified self institute, https://qsinstitute.com/about/what-is-quantified-self/ things are looking app, the economist, http://www.economist.com/news/business/-mobile-health-apps-are-becoming-more-capable-and-potentially-rather-useful-things-are-looking felipe lobelo, hevall kelli, sheri chernetsky tejedor all., the wild wild west: framework integrate mhealth software applications and wearables support physical activity assessment, counseling and interventions for cardiovascular disease risk reduction, progress cardiovascular diseases, may-june, (): accessed https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc/ stressed me. furthermore, cvds are the number one cause death globally: more people die annually from cvds than from any other cause. the world health organisation (who) estimates that million people died from cvds representing all global deaths. the same time, who stresses that "most cardiovascular diseases can prevented addressing behavioural risk factors such tobacco use, unhealthy diet and obesity, physical inactivity and harmful use alcohol". thus, incentivizing healthy behaviour one the crucial challenges for health innovations. lympo, believe that part the answer allowing users own the data they generate. lympo presents health/fitness app data aggregator that does not share users' data, but enables them monetize instead. sum up: are not the owners one the most valuable assets have, our health-related data, although constantly gather this data voluntarily involuntarily. integration additional problem with the mhealth sector that the market very segmented. most apps focus one specific area, while each the providers gather only very specific information, thus lacking overall picture. while various aggregators that allow integration exist, users are reluctant connect their apps and wearables them because there real advantage for user have this data one place: aggregators rarely answer the question "what's next?". usually integration only means that user transferring more data one app provider with reward mechanism for its user. thus, the interaction stays mostly limited occasional data sharing social media. addition this, numerous research accounts show that privacy the number one concern for mhealth users. most companies offering possibilities integrate data are big players like apple, google microsoft that regardless own lot users' data and not inspire the trust that needed store sensitive health information one place. the report human data commons reveals that big corporations with extensive capacities integrate data are weakest terms providing direct human contact for consumers. these challenges make difficult for user have all generated data one place. while such data set would very valuable for getting feedback from sports mindfulness coach, physical therapist and even general practitioner, remains scattered among variety apps and devices. cardiovascular diseases (cvds), the world health organisation, http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs/en/ quantified self report card: user rights the age biometric tracking, human data commons foundation, https://humandatacommons.org/pdfs/humandatacommons_qs_reportcard_.pdf sum up: market segmentation and lack incentive for mhealth apps' integration prevents users from having overall picture all their activities further reaping key benefits the data they generate. free data flow the world data economy, users produce valuable data with literally every step they make. however, because remains stored with single provider, every ecosystem player participating the race come with better mechanism lock user within one platform. for this reason, market players become discouraged offer integration and data sharing mechanisms. the second factor contributing this situation are data protection laws that, for good reasons, prevent companies from freely sharing users' personal data not only with other businesses, but also within the company itself its operations are across, for example, eu-u.s. borders. allowing private ownership sports and health data opens the doors user-controlled data sharing whereby the information flow can managed the individual. the sports and wellness market includes wide variety players who cover various aspects user behaviour like choosing fitness trainer, exercise regime, gym, healthy diet and supplements, sports clothes and shoes. healthy lifestyle enthusiasts owning the data collected from variety sources could make the best use connecting multiple industry products and services that enable all key players profit from this free flow data. sum up: due the lack mechanism allowing users effectively share their sports and health data, the sports and wellness industry cannot offer user-centred products and services for all aspects healthy lifestyle. the health industry and the blockchain how can blockchain address the biggest fitness/wellness data management problems? widely agreed that blockchain technology has the potential disrupt the health sector making user-generated data the core the healthcare ecosystem. can achieve this increasing the security and interoperability health data. this paper, focus mhealth more specifically the fitness/wellness sector powered mhealth apps and wearables. however, important grasp the whole picture realise lympo's full potential the future. blockchain distributed system which records and stores transaction records, fashion making impossible change the content the transaction digital ledger. each transaction block stored the ledger and chronologically linked another block after the transaction records are verified distributed peer-to-peer network. end-to-end encryption makes interaction like storing, exchanging and viewing information possible without established trust between the parties. avoiding one central authority, blockchain relies anonymous network participants preventing privacy and confidentiality breaches. blockchain-based smart contracts represent contracts that can fully executed when contract conditions are met. this system unbundles the need for any kind exchange with intermediary checking contract conditions. until now, intermediaries played crucial role exchange value situations, thus earning from their role. smart contracts enable end users enter trusted relationship without any other authority. the sensitive nature health-related data and the need able delete this personal data order fulfil data protection regulations some parts the world (most notably the european union) does not allow for storing this data itself blockchain. this case, blockchain technology viewed secure and effective payment tool allowing micro-payments and permission storing mechanism. registering permissions access patient-generated data blockchain, users are empowered control who can access their data, and under which conditions. this capability enables individuals the owners their precious data asset. this data set can compiled from information originating from variety data sources; ranging from electronic medical records provided hospitals, clinics and doctors, fitness/wellness data generated mhealth apps and wearables. can also complimented disease and treatment monitoring applications and custom information added user individually. addition, further data users will able demonstrate that the data owner gave her permission for the use this data. with data protection regulations tightening around the world, this feature will enable third parties give solid proof data provenance the blockchain. blockchain applications the health industry healthcare might latecomer the booming growth enterprise blockchain apps, but getting more and more prominence promising technology solve major issues the sector health data management even governmental scale. enterprise blockchain apps sector (selected) markets currency payments remittance banking finance clearing settlement insurance fintech trading derivatives internal audit crowfunding goverment legal iot transmitional orgs personalized governance services voting, propositions bonds tele-attorney services registration and exchange tax receipts notary service and document registry agricultural drone sensor networks smarthome networks integrated smatoity, connected car, smarthome sensors self-driving car personalized robots, robotic companions personalized drones digital assistants health universal emr health databanks data commons big health data stream analytics digital health wallet smart property health token personal develoment contracts science art, community supercomputing crowd analysis resource nets film, dataviz ai: blockchain advocates, friendly ai, blockchain learners, digital mindfile services crucial blockchain properties cryptoledger permanent record decentalized network public records repository trustless counterparties notarization time stamping hashes independent consensus-confirmed transactions universal format accessibility communication (messaging) universal format large-scale coordination large-scale multi-data-stream integration entity ingress/egress privacy and security transaction security real-time accessibility large-scale infrastructual element for coordination checks-and-balances system for good-player access. most existing projected blockchain applications healthcare fall into these categories: interoperability between medical institutions electronic medical records insurance medical trials genomic research patient-generated data/quantified-self data commons the lympo ecosystem starts with product that belongs the category. lympo: ecosystem powered user-generated data intro: how works? lympo aims create ecosystem powered user-generated and user-controlled fitness and wellness data allowing the exchange value through the introduction lym utility tokens. lympo's goal marketplace where data itself used efficiently ecosystem members and everyone rewarded fairly. mhealth app/wearable user the centre this ecosystem including all key players the sports and wellness industry: player users living healthy lifestyle goals searching for personalised healthy lifestyle goods and services, seeking benefit from data generated, storing health and sports data one place benefits extra motivation and fun reach healthy lifestyle goals, monetizing user-generated data, aggregating data for viewing sharing, deciding further data use and its price, receiving tailor-made services based interests and health data personal trainers and sports coaches selling services, attracting new clients, managing clients' progress easy monitor system for achievements and rewards, fitness progress gamification for clients, unique value proposition for advertising gyms attracting clients gym locations, marketing new services, optimizing gym use reward system promote gym visits specific times monitoring users' progress promoting loyalty organising group challenges sports and wellness businesses selling products, marketing precise key audience interaction with customers via reward system insights from users' data from various platforms innovative marketing tool partnerships with token ecosystem companies health insurers employers incentivizing healthy lifestyle, analysing data existing clients, reaching out potential customers great incentives for healthier lifestyle growing number healthy and happy employees, searching for user-friendly and trusted method promote sports fun and rewarding tool incentivize healthy lifestyle data-based management decisions powered clients' data possibility for tailor-made challenges address every employee group challenges enhancing team building health and fitness apps fitness/wellness/health start-ups promoting health fitness app, searching for innovative ways strengthen consumer engagement added value for customers spreading own ideas and early stage products, searching for mentors and business partners, seeking investment access investors interested the industry interaction with wide client base industry experts' reviews and mentorship opportunity easily find business partners investors searching for innovative companies, seeking community due diligence carefully pre-selected start-ups reviews and ratings industry experts data access enabled lym tokens for faster growth and better returns the lympo ecosystem starts from the existing platform which enables users find the best personal trainer with fitness professionals operational lithuania, www.lympo.lt, and expanding california, u.s. and melbourne, australia. the ecosystem composed three main parts: the lympo digital fitness wallet and user reward mechanisms; lympo marketplace; lympo crowdfunding and investment platform. part: the lympo wallet and user rewards mechanism the lympo digital fitness wallet and user reward mechanism the core the lympo ecosystem. lympo fitness wallet functions entry the ecosystem and allows user create their profile, fill their health data and connect their favourite sports and health tracking apps. the individual data submitted via lympo fitness wallet will accessible its user and can viewed shared storing permission blockchain. the rewards issued market players interested having direct access lympo digital fitness wallet users can two different types: reward for achieving healthy lifestyle goal, i.e. running kilometres following precise diet and submitting app records lympo profile. reward for checking into particular location for specified amount time, i.e. joining gym class attending karate competition. the lympo health wallet will rolled out multiple steps. order bring the product the market soon possible, lympo tokens will first used utility tokens the existing lympo platform buy online and offline training sessions with the best fitness trainers, including training any sports coach sessions, consultations physical therapist dietician. lympo users will able utilise the lympo fitness wallet get reward tokens for achieved training goals. more partners join, lympo tokens will used access wide range healthy lifestyle products and services like sports clothes and shoes, healthy food and gyms with possibility reward achieved health goals with the help smart contracts. trainers will able more competitive, proposing packages where their services are offered together with built-in reward program. also, any other ecosystem player can either attach the reward system the product sold purchase certain number tokens and organise challenges and tasks for lympo users exchange for their data. use case lympo users receive notification that challenge run this week being organised big athletic shoe producer. matter which app they use, they can complete this task and get token rewards with the lympo platform. athletic shoe producer publishes running challenge user decides participate the agreement registered user completes the challenge and submits the app tracking data lym token rewarded use case ii: new boxing club the city notifies users this city that certain number tokens will distributed those attending their first boxing class for beginners. users check-in club location the specific time using their lympo account and get lym reward tokens. further service offered the lympo platform time-stamped permission issued users utilise their personal data. this key ensure the highest data protection regulation standards, such the general data protection regulation (gdpr) the european union. part: lympo marketplace: monetizing data the next step the lympo ecosystem enable users spend tokens receive further healthy lifestyle goods and services and make in-platform purchases. the marketplace, starting with the existing platform find the best personal trainer, offers variety ways so: getting premium features the lympo platform. e.g.: personal trainer can buy enhanced profile options and more exposure for their listing. user can purchase more options for their health and sports data storage the lympo platform, like reminders and health advice based the data submitted. everyone owning tokens will receive discounts and products offered our partners: sports and wellness businesses, healthy food and supplement providers, etc. businesses use tokens pay for listing their products and services the platform. lympo foresees its existing platform the market entry tool for the user-generated data powered healthy lifestyle ecosystem which will further expand with more partners accepting lym tokens. part lym tokens are allocated incentivize community growth and add new businesses the lympo network. the ultimate lympo goal that its token holders can access wide range products and services with the initial platform being only one part the much wider network. this later stage, the user-generated data marketplace will open for businesses such health insurances, research institutions, and big data companies within and outside the sports and wellness industry that are interested accessing the data lympo digital wallet users. the users will enabled decide whom they trust their data to, know what exactly they are sharing and earn tokens doing so. iii part: lympo crowdfunding platform the third arm the lympo ecosystem crowdfunding and investment platform allowing lym token holders invest the most promising fitness/wellness/health start-ups which are reviewed and rated lympo ecosystem members who know what the industry needs best. lym token holders will able receive company shares for the tokens contributed. the unique value proposition this crowdfunding platform public reviews and ratings sports and wellness market players; access data big user base enabled lym tokens. the crowdfunding platform will allow for businesses and service providers active the lympo ecosystem review and rate new companies seeking investment for certain token reward offered start-up listed. this will help investors better evaluate the potential the new venture and for start-ups find potential partners and customers operating within the same industry. many new companies are following the usual data economy business cycle: build product, attract large user base, then start analysing and monetising data. but with the help invested lym tokens, start-ups the lympo crowdfunding platform will able start working with big data base immediately purchasing fitness and health data directly from our users proposing new challenges for reward tokens the existing data set lacks some particular qualities. this way, new innovative fitness/wellness/health companies will have much lower market entry cost and can successfully launch their products and maximise returns for investors. lympo blockchain for sports foundation part the tokens reserved for the ecosystem empowerment will allocated lympo blockchain for sports foundation. the aim this foundation support various sports events and initiatives around the world with the goal promote lympo fitness wallet and encourage healthy lifestyle. the foundation board, composed famous athletes, lympo partners and leaders sports communities from various countries, will oversee the foundation activities. lympo token holders least lym (the amount will adjusted two years based community vote) will able vote funding proposals. the composition the board and foundation governing principles will announced before the lympo token sale the first quarter roadmap dec. start the lympo platform development. angel investment received. #completed may start the preparation for the token sale. #completed sep. lympo platform mvp launched www.lympo.lt (no blockchain solutions yet). #completed nov. first partnerships for the future lympo ecosystem. #completed jan. lympo pre-sale. #soon! feb. launch the lympo fitness wallet proof concept. mar. lympo token sale. lympo fitness wallet full beta release. lympo fitness wallet integrated with the first lympo ecosystem partners. start monetising lympo tokens partnering with employers and health insurances. open api for further data solutions third parties launched. first partnerships with research institutions fitness data use. launch the full two-sided marketplace for fitness data. lympo: user reward solution description while lympo includes three major parts, user reward mechanism, marketplace and crowdfunding platform, rewards for healthy lifestyle are the core the product and will discussed detail. have also included provisional model the data sharing environment with description components, permissions and actors. the fitness/health data sharing ecosystem based three major components: lympo platform: core components developed the lympo team and partners blockchain: lympo tokens, smart contracts and crypto wallets user community: users, who will live healthy lifestyles and will interact with different actors the ecosystem find trainers, partners, make agreements, share data and get rewarded. the lympo tokens are key element which facilitate all interaction the system relation the community and healthy lifestyle. the tokens are used incentivize people active participants, make connections and improve their health. the tokens are distributed the ethereum cryptocurrency blockchain. this, course, imposes certain standard rules for the community. lympo platform components lympo user interface main data store third party solutions data access engine (validates permissions) web based portal website website mobile app(s) lympo core smart contract custom reward program trainer website api smart contract data access data proxy companies reward user (data owner) data processing companies (e.g. insurance) insurance component description lympo core main business logic will implemented this component. the component will contain all relevant rules and algorithms processing activities the ecosystem. will data validation and will interact with blockchain process contracts and issue some transactions, when needed. lympo api collection various programming functions and interfaces make lympo ecosystem accessible for the software development companies. the api will give sufficient flexibility, while respecting all security rules implemented lympo core. lympo will encourage third parties create additional services the ecosystem, which will beneficial for system users and investors. main data store the database where all system data will stored. will include user accounts, system data and detailed information about the smart contracts. the fitness data recorded lympo users will also stored this data storage. the elaborated security measures will taken protect the data, and will only interact with lympo core system, which will make sure that only authorized persons and processes can access relevant data. lympo user interface web portal and mobile applications developed the lympo team. the user interface will the main entry point for the users create and manage their lympo accounts, propose different training programs and reward options, pay for the services, create smart contracts and monitor the balance the lympo tokens their accounts. data access engine separate component the lympo core, developed exclusively add extra security checks for the data shared with the third parties. external developers will get access the system via lympo api, however the private data big concern and requires additional handling. permissions access the data can given the data owner only, and this component will perform validation these permissions. addition, the data access engine will audit every external call the api, therefore every user will able see who has accessed their data. moreover, the component will automatic monitoring system behaviour, analyse data usage patterns and alert system administrators malicious behaviour. blockchain: smart contracts the lympo ecosystem will use lympo token main facilitator the user contracts and interactions. the unique user community and collection the fitness/wellness data gives wide range opportunities for smart contracts and data exchange. the lympo team takes user privacy very seriously, therefore all source code for the smart contracts related the data exchange, will fully verified the lympo developers. addition, lympo core will stay authorizing entity for the agreements and rewards. already this early stage several examples the smart contracts will implemented: smart contract: user reward program user reward programs, will made between the lympo ecosystem participants, such trainers/physicians/gyms/sports inventory providers and lympo digital fitness wallet users. let look case fitness trainer and her client. order encourage users live healthy lifestyle, the fitness trainer will propose contract the lympo platform, giving specific goals for the end user achieve. the contract itself will made using standard user interface. the components such contract are the following: account the person/company which creating contract account the end user who will receive the rewards, after reaching the goals the amount lympo tokens, which will transferred reward the detailed description activities and goals, which needs met. this information will hashed into one string, limit the size parameters sent the smart contract. the creator the smart contract will use all the parameters from above and will sign the call blockchain with his/her password. the smart contract will lock the reward tokens for given number days. after the user reaches training goals specified the contract, the lympo core validates this information, and invokes the call smart contract, confirming transfer the lympo tokens the user. the goals are not met during the agreed time, the tokens will transferred back the lympo platform the creator the smart contract depending the conditions for the specific token reward program. training package using reward program smart contract the lympo system will give options for the trainers/physicians propose training packages, which automatically would include reward program. the trainers will free choose how they advertise their services the system, but competitive, the pricing might contain option for the user get back specific percentage payment. the implementation the smart contract very similar previously defined model. however, this case the workflow will have few additional steps: trainer the lympo system creates package offer customer. the package contains: trainer services (detailed description) price for whole package the percentage which will given reward after goals are achieved conditions get the reward (similar specified the smart contract above) trainer sends this information the smart contract (signing with his/her blockchain account). some parts will set directly (like the price, percentage, etc.). other details will hashed into one string and stored the smart contract proof. when user finds package which he/she wants purchase, the lympo system will additionally verify that the information signed the trainer the smart contract correct. the user then makes transaction the smart contract using lympo tokens. part the tokens immediately transferred the trainer's account, but specified percentage them are automatically locked the smart contract. unlocking similar the contract defined sabove: after the user reaches training goals specified the contract, lympo core validates this information and invokes the call smart contract, confirming transfer the lympo tokens back the user. the goals are not met during the agreed time, the tokens will transferred the trainer. smart contract custom reward program for check-ins various companies will able attract users creating specific locations where users can receive lym tokens just for showing and staying during specific time. the smart contract will signed these companies, and the main goal will have specific number tokens locked for the distribution the end users. the components this smart contract would the following: account the person/company which creating reward program the amount lympo tokens, which will shared all participating users reward the detailed information the conditions and rules for sharing the tokens. this information will hashed into one string, limit the size parameters sent the smart contract. unlocking similar the contract defined sabove: after the user reaches training goals specified the contract, lympo core validates this information and invokes the call smart contract, confirming transfer the lympo tokens back the user. the goals are not met during the agreed time, the tokens will transferred the trainer. all conditions related the reward program will detailed the lympo portal. participants will use their mobile devices track their location and will provide this information the system. lympo will offer possibility issue security code placed the location additional fraud protection mechanism. after the specified time, the lympo core will use the information received from users, will calculate the rewards and will send the information the smart contract per which accounts shall receive tokens. smart contract: data access the smart contract will created the data proxy companies order reward users, when the fitness data fetched. the data proxy companies, could create interfaces for various data processing companies, who need such data. this data access contract will created firstly the lympo portal. the user will sign contract with the data proxy company share the information. the components for the smart contract are similar the previously detailed reward program: account the person/company which creating contract account the end user who will receive the rewards, after authorizing the access the amount lympo tokens, which will transferred reward the detailed description the agreement: which data will used, who will get access it, etc. this information will hashed into one string, limit the size parameters sent the smart contract. the creator the smart contract will use all the parameters above and will sign the call blockchain with his/her password. the smart contract will lock the reward tokens. after the user inside the lympo platform gives the authorization access the data, lympo core will check all conditions detailed the agreement are met. everything correct, lympo core will invoke the call smart contract, confirming transfer the lympo tokens the user. the data proxy company will able access the user data using lympo api and data access engine component. system actors the ecosystem built around active and dynamic community. these people care about their health are providing services the fitness/wellness domain. the community also includes research and insurance companies who can use the data collected system users and can develop better products, analyse trends and encourage the healthy lifestyle. every system participant will need have account the ethereum blockchain and account lympo platform. the ethereum account's public key will linked the lympo account order collect lympo tokens, participate reward programs other smart contracts. the private key will remain full control the user and will not visible the lympo platform. the main actors analysed the ecosystem: users: data owners users who want improve their physical condition, and are rewarded for their lifestyle. these users will create most the data inside the system, and will able monetize their activities. they will full control their data inside the system, and request will able authorize access the data proxy companies. trainers/physicians/sports inventory makers/gyms big focus the lympo portal create connections among trainers and the end users. the trainers, physicians, sports clubs even companies who specialize sports inventory, will find users who want healthy. the ecosystem will provide features for the trainers create reward programs, and reward participants using lympo tokens. sports club promotions, new equipment, innovative devices... everything will find their place the system. data proxy companies offer more features the system, the lympo team will open api software development companies, which can create additional solutions where fitness/wellness data will used. the data proxy companies will not necessary use the data themselves, but will serve data providers for additional actors: data processing companies. the data proxy companies will have direct contracts with the end users, and will required provide full transparency where user data used. data processing companies companies which can use the data for different needs. the data can used research centres analyse habits society and propose new ideas programs for health improvement. notwithstanding, having access user's data insurance companies could provide better service and suggest tailored insurance plans with more convenient pricing models. data processing companies can use the lympo api and have smart contracts with end users. however, it's more likely that professional software houses (data proxy companies) will propose simplified interfaces access the data. security measures the lympo team aware that security key necessity for its users sharing their healthy lifestyle data. even though this type data much less sensitive than medical records and thus hipaa, for example, does not cover fitness and wellness sectors including mobile apps and wearables. lympo committed ensure the highest-level security measures mirroring the latest developments cybersecurity best practices. ensure the confidentiality the data, prevent data from unauthorized disclosure, all the data the database will encrypted with modern encryption algorithm. all communication (service service, service the client) will protected tls. access the database strictly limited very few people, access credentials are managed password manager and rotated timely manner, and the access list will audited timely manner well. ensure data integrity, the lympo team will establish procedure perform periodic checks data and system functionality identify integrity issues (e.g., corrupted data, failing hardware, software errors, etc.). ensure the availability data, the database will backed periodically, and the backup will verified restorable. the lympo team will also establish business continuity plan (bcp) and disaster recovery plan (drp) ensure the highest possible availability lympo services. the lympo team will adopt technology with high-security robustness, such using hipaa compliant cloud host from cloud service providers such aws. addition, security would built-in early into our software development lifecycle, making sure our technology architecture follows security best practices, audit our system via security experts find potential issues. additionally, our team trained with security awareness mind. furthermore, private bug-bounty programme for white-hat hackers will set receive support from top white-hat security researchers globally. lympo (lym) token sale token distribution team tokens will locked for months after the end the token sale. advisors' tokens will vested months. lympo ecosystem empowerment tokens will locked and released years, i.e. tokens made available another and the rest token supply total token supply: ... lym total hard cap: eth mln. lym soft cap: pre-sale token sale mln. lym eth mln. lym eth bonus for mln. lym eth lym eth lym the rest mln. lym eth lym date: february february (or long supply lasts) date: january february (or long supply lasts) the use token sale funds research and development sales and marketing operations network expansion please join our telegram channel https://t.me/lympo for more news and updates! team ada jonuse pat brown marius silenskis ceo and founder solution architect head operations smart contract lead co-founder lympo.lt, platform find the best personal trainers, advisor ethlend, decentralized lending platform, blockchain events speaker and organiser, named emerging european tech star the financial times, google and other new europe list partners. previous experience: labas ventures (seattle, u.s.), european parliament, united nations. sports: yoga, running. blockchain and business automation expert with year experience asta, leading end-to-end professional managed service provider the smb market australia, new zealand, hong kong singapore. pat joined asta melbourne, australia, after this studies business, management and information systems. founder anyideas and creative advertising agency. project manager with years digital project management experience working with clients such mercedes-benz, newsec, and gcube. key areas expertise: team management, exceptional taste and understanding modern design, advanced programming skills several languages. sports: fitness. online gaming software developer with years experience. author contributor published ios and android games. years experience online poker software developer. over the last year, has been focusing blockchain related projects smart contracts. adomas dicius tadas maurukas head digital marketing karoline von tschurtschenthaler dimitra papadopoulou senior full stack developer travelling entrepreneur with background ict engineering and years experience full-stack development and design. having worked various start-ups, adomas now co-founder and cto start-up disrupting the wholesale food business industry smackway and independent consultant and developer. sports: yoga. passionate marketing strategist. tadas use most effective tools generate roi for various businesses ranging from local start-ups international multi-million profit companies like mercedes-benz. tadas joined the crypto community back and has remained involved ever since. sports: sweat. chess and online poker. zivile kairyte ernesta petkeviciute domas ambrazevicius community manager ux/ui expert graphic designer years experience sales, human resources and marketing. worked with and companies ensure their customer satisfaction targets. addicted growing brands and creative adverts. sports: horseback riding. legal and operations attorney, strategist and blockchain advocate, karoline holds business law m.a. from london school economics and specialises ip/it law. years consulting experience for start-ups legal and business matters focussing tax structures, business strategy, global expansion. sports: certified yoga teacher. justas kregzde healthcare partnerships expert blockchain for healthcare and medical research, senior information systems manager with experience airbus, prosieben media, accenture and the european commission, founder mehealthx, lead consultant cgi (germany) for the public sector and healthcare blockchain use cases. senior graphic designer and animator anyideas creative advertising agency. always looking for new inspirations, loves travelling the world and experiences everything can. sports: skiing, voleyball. advisors antanas guoga danilo carlucci dr. david manset cryptoeconomics business marketing growth tech hainan tech member european parliament. also known tonyg, antanas serial entrepreneur, investor, philanthropist and well-known poker player. actively participating political discussions regarding cryptocurrencies and cyber security. cryptoeconomy expert and advisor bankera and coinpoker token sale projects. startup founder, growth hacker and marketing expert with years experience. currently google, leading youtube's community efforts the uk. senior engineer and blockchain entrepreneur focussing technologies for sensitive medical data sharing. former ceo cerebro, cloud platform for large-scale imaging analyses for clinical trials, founder and ceo gnubila, data privacy solution designer, currently head research and innovation almerys, healthcare delivery data management company managing uniting professionals and part health data consortium, leader blockchain for healthcare solutions. security engineer and white-hat hacker. security engineer boston consulting group digital ventures, berlin. previously worked companies like zalando and soundcloud. hainan red team (offensive security) specialist, but able blue team (defensive security) well. hainan's skill set: penetration testing, security architecture review, threat modelling, risk assessment, training. bill angelidis aleks sotirovski nerijus skruodys viktoras vatinas business asset management tech tech business asset management bill, aka 'pick', highly experienced all-rounder software engineer, director, marketer and strategist. bill the managing director asta solutions, services company based melbourne which co-founded he's also ceo wineonline.com.au, director and treasurer vacro and director the art cabriolet. loves volunteering for good causes and his local soccer team, hawthorn football club. senior software developer. previously, founder gympro, client management tool for fitness professionals, uniting professionals united states, australia, new zealand and uk. currently, senior developer elmo talent management software. senior software engineer passionate about blockchain technology with more than years experience the analysis, technical design and development software solutions using various technologies (c++, asp.net, java, etc.). currently coordinating development several projects international public sector organisation. cfa: portfolio manager partners group (zug, switzerland) managing private debt funds, private loans, private credit strategies, asset allocation, cash level management. former investment analyst catlin (zurich, switzerland), private banker and research assistant the swiss finance institute. tomas gurvicius stan kuliavas business asset management business asset management crypto-investor, dash digital cash community member, partner crypto tax legal and advisor for various blockchain related projects. vice president, sales business development levaero aviation, toronto, canada. investor philanthropist. former ncaa basketball coach. passionate about basketball and sports, organiser basketball charity events and other pro amateur sports-related activities. blockchain for sports alliance jordan travers, australia laurynas gumbis, lithuania holistic health coach physical therapist, sports entrepreneur paulius ritter, u.s. fitness coach, former boxer memberships blockchain for healthcare and medical research: association scientists, researchers and private sector discuss, accelerate and apply blockchain solutions healthcare sector, germany. partnerships smackway gympro organic food wholesale marketplace, www.smackway.com, denmark client management tool for fitness trainers, www.gympro.com, australia legal support crypto tax legal