the decentralised art gallery the dec entralis gallery new online marketplace promises give art lovers the chance buy shares famous paintings." the telegraph vision investing monet has always been beyond the reach most people; purchasing rembrandt the privilege only few... until now. the opaque world auction houses and banks, which allows them charge exorbitant fees, has cut off fine art investment from efficient modern markets. but does not have that way. with help from visionaries like you, can democratise access fine art creating decentralised art gallery truly open platform where anyone can own piece picasso. are building global art blockchain market where assets are traded quickly and fairly liquid exchange. creating portfolios and trading shares masterpieces will available everyone. will convert million-dollar artworks into smaller digitised financial units that can bought and sold easily literally fraction the cost. for the first time, technology will allow investors, collectors and owners exchange shares paintings and sculptures instantly, akin the way stocks company are traded today. plus, top emerging artists will have showcase for their work, free from the interference middlemen. for years, have been building secure and robust technology foundation for maecenas, the world's first blockchain-based fine art trading platform. this has been possible because have assembled exceptional team experts and have built crucial relationships with galleries, collectors and authenticators. now, with your support, will able launch the platform, nurture this new investment network and turn centuries-old industry mainstream. thanks its resilience downturns and its capital appreciation, fine art has long been attractive multi-billion asset class. now will open all. the dec entralis gallery the art market opportunity there estimated trillion worth fine art safe storage, which circa billion are traded annually through auction houses and art dealers. fine art considered reliable and safe store value. wealthy families have kept art their portfolios for centuries, and trading volumes have continued grow steadily over the last few decades. interest fine art among investors and wealth managers the rise, and younger generations buyers are eager embrace art-tech. but the billion annual fine art industry desperate need open and fair marketplaces that create transparency and liquidity. the antiquated industry struggling see trading volumes reach their real potential. the problem that access information patchy, and art pieces are traded outdated venues. sales are processed manually and settlement can take weeks. this opaque and inefficient process discourages many potential investors, which means art trades are infrequent and art asset illiquid. addition, many investors favour using financial vehicles over direct ownerships because they want exposure art but don't want the responsibility having care for the physical art piece. fine art remains one the rare few markets that have remained virtually unchanged for the last three centuries. has been impervious the technology advances that have been adopted the majority capital markets like company stocks, bonds, commodities and even real estate. the dec entralis gallery removing intermediaries but now blockchain can provide the foundation for secure and efficient market that enables buyers and sellers transact directly without intermediaries. open, agile platform can energise art markets and bring millions investors off the side-lines. are named after and inspired early patron the arts. gaius maecenas helped democratise art ancient rome financing poor poets. want the modern version maecenas (pronounced "my-seen-us") ensuring that fine art available everyone and not just the ultrawealthy. the lack innovation within art finance stems from the dominance old auction houses. the largest sotheby's and christie's monopolise the secondary market volume. they present identical fee structure, which can see art buyers paying percent commission and sellers are charged even more. auction houses also control access information there single art marketplace that provides proper price discovery mechanism. other words, it's nearly impossible know the fair price artwork because there are reliable means for investors assess market sentiment. other asset classes, like public company stocks even cryptocurrencies, any investor can tap into historical and real-time exchange price feeds build pricing models. the fine art industry doesn't have any that. there are order books exchanges, and historical information both scarce and sparse since art pieces are traded infrequently. will completely remove intermediaries who profit from controlling and manipulating information. will replace brokers with smart contracts that transparently define auction rules, bidding systems and income distribution. masterpieces will traded briskly through open exchange, giving frequent updates what the artworks are really worth. portfolio managers will able price their positions more accurately and diversify their risk investing range different art assets. they will longer need have their funds concentrated handful hard-to-sell pieces. fine art should become first-class citizen capital markets and have rich market data feeds, order books, indices and even derivatives. the reason auction houses have dominated and controlled the fine art market for long can explained single word: trust. lack information and reliable ways assessing the authenticity art pieces means that investors deal mostly only with centuries-old institutions that are perceived trustworthy. these institutions act intermediaries almost every art transaction and therefore control the market. blockchains replace traditional intermediaries with decentralised networks trust. connecting artists, collectors and investors directly via open blockchain platform with smart contracts, eliminate the need for brokers and art dealers facilitate transaction. replace the need for trust based reputation with trust the decentralised blockchain. the dec entralis gallery the emergence art-tech "technology-driven businesses have clear potential support the emergence art finance, through increased liquidity, lower transaction costs and more transparency" deloitte art finance report recent years, technology innovation has started permeate into the traditional fine art industry. according the deloitte art finance report "increasing investment art market start-ups demonstrates continued confidence the growth the online art and technology industry". addition, "the level investment art industry start-ups increased from estimated us$ million estimated us$ million based art market startups." other findings the deloitte art finance report show that the art market increasingly more receptive the usage technology and anticipates playing important role the next two three years. also cites blockchain technologies example innovation that could contribute significantly the development the art and finance industry. percent art professionals (up from percent) and percent collectors believe that online art businesses will play important role the art market the next two three years, which signals that art stakeholders are increasingly waking the potential technology and the online art market. new innovations, such the use blockchain technologies mentioned above, are example how technology and innovation could contribute significantly the development the art and finance industry." deloitte art finance report the dec entralis gallery competition art investors have limited options when comes investing fine art secure and trusted way. auction houses are perceived being the safest channel, and that reflected the high fees which range between percent and percent. these auctions are mostly conducted the traditional way, and little has changed besides the usage monitors track bids addition calling the bids out loud. after it. this something that most investors are uncomfortable with because they are not qualified art experts. estimated buyers see art investment, and nearly half them would prefer have exposure fine art through financial vehicle instead physical purchase. the traditional approaches offered galleries and auction houses leave huge part the market under-served. art galleries and other art dealers charge lower fees buyers, the range percent percent. however, these are perceived less trustworthy, and their art selection quite limited. addition, galleries dictate prices instead market participants. one alternative these two traditional approaches participate art fund. the way this works that qualified art expert acts the art fund manager. they identify collection art pieces that are good value and have potential appreciate. investment from investors solicited, with minimum typically being required, and larger ticket sizes being the norm. the art expert then uses the funds buy the collection, and sits besides the lack liquidity, lack transparency and the high fees, both these approaches also require having physically acquire the artwork, store it, manage and look fees charged for between and years until they can find suitable buyers willing pay premium for the pieces. after the last art piece sold, the fund dissolved and investors finally get their money back, plus any returns. the art fund manager typically charges investors per annum any cash invested plus any profits made. this means that ten-year horizon, investors will lose out about fifth their investment commissions, and top that lose another fifth any profits made. other words, there guarantee making money even the art appreciates, and it's not uncommon make loss the fund fails perform expected. the high fees combined with the large minimum investment and the lack liquidity (minimum lock-in period years) makes these art funds unsuitable for most investors. sotheby's christie's borro fine art finance art galleries fine art investment funds fine art syndication collateralized art lending portfolio generation speculative investing dealing the dec entralis gallery art and the blockchain there are non-financial blockchain initiatives the fine art space which don't have investment focus. instead, they attempt solve issues around provenance traditional art pieces and protection digital artworks. prominent example verisart which provides permanent digital art provenance for actual artworks that would typically stored galleries. another start-up ascribe, which focuses providing secure way trace digital artworks and control how they're shared. but fintech start-ups are beginning emerge with innovative alternatives invest art. arthena, based the us, one such example, which uses typical crowd-funding approach create art funds. this new model proving popular with investors reduces the ticket size and waives the management fee (although still charges the performance price). although this definitely improvement over traditional art funds, this approach still fails address the fundamental issues art investment, namely the lack transparency, lack liquidity, and most importantly the fact that trust centralised. addition, arthena not true open platform they're only able accept accredited investors due regulations associated with traditional investment funds. maecenas, the other hand, leverages blockchain technology fully democratise access fine art investment. tokenising art, the platform converts million-dollar artworks into smaller financial units that can bought and sold easily anyone globally through transparent crypto-exchange. this provides investors with liquidity and much-needed market-driven price discovery mechanism. the dec entralis gallery our platform maecenas uses blockchain technology create tamper-proof digital certificates linked pieces art. these certificates are highly secure and impossible forge thanks the cryptographic properties blockchains. single artwork broken down into thousands certificates, similar how public company issues shares. investors can then purchase these certificates own percentage given artwork, and they can sell them back other investors any time via the maecenas exchange. new artworks are continuously listed the platform after passing strict due diligence process. this involves verifying the art provenance, insurance policy, safe storage, independent valuation, artwork condition and verification the registry loss and stolen art. only high-quality artworks with pristine track record will listed. once listed the platform, artworks through bidding process following dutch auction process whereby investors submit private bids stating how many shares they want purchase and what price. this essentially confidential and cryptographically secure book-building exercise. this process not only gives investors bargaining power but also provides them with much fairer and transparent pricing mechanism. addition, harder manipulate compared traditional auctions fixed-price listings. the auction process does not happen instantly but rather takes place over number days weeks allow everyone participate. artworks can listed any fiat currency (e.g. usd, eur) cryptocurrency (e.g. btc, eth). conversely, investors may also prefer invest fiat currencies cryptocurrencies, effectively creating multi-currency conversion scenario. utilising native currency-independent token proxy for all currency conversion allows eliminate currency conversion risks. this token will called art. our technology the platform's design provides fault tolerance and simple recovery mechanisms. the system also highly scalable, resilient and easy upgrade. has high degree reusability and allows agile our development. for instance, when need integrate maecenas with external service (e.g. payment processor) just create new micro-service handle that and link the rest the services via message queues. this has the benefit letting our developers simultaneously work different tasks and makes integration and testing relatively simple. the dec entralis gallery the art token art the currency the maecenas economy. art digital token that required all maecenas functions that are exposed the blockchain via smart contracts. believe that the art market desperate need transparency and fairness. therefore, we've decided that all sensitive business logic dealing with money assets will run public and decentralised blockchain. this ensures that our processes can publicly audited and known upfront. the main and most significant function our platform the dutch auction. this the process that receives bids from investors and issues digital shares paintings. running such critical part our system open and transparent platform like ethereum allows the entire community scrutinise our operations. also protects maecenas itself from any potential internal manipulation insider trading. these smart contracts that we're creating, including the dutch auction contract, require art operate. art like the fuel the decentralised maecenas machine. any fiat crypto amounts being invested through smart contracts are converted art first. having our own token allows collect income from these smart contract activities. the utility these tokens that art can perform different platform functions. the case our dutch auction, art acts clearing and settlement mechanism that maecenas uses issue digital shares paintings. however, the economy maecenas not limited just running auctions. for example, artworks our platform can leased museums for exhibitions. the income generated this activity then distributed proportionally holders fractions paintings sculptures. this leasing and income collection function also performed smart contracts and therefore requires art tokens work. besides, the maecenas ecosystem grows, anticipate creating additional income-generating processes. many these will require smart contracts operate (for the reasons stated above), and art required provide the utility for this smart contract operation. art plays crucial role within maecenas. provides the utility mechanism which enables our platform operate transparently and openly decentralised space while the same time deriving revenue from those activities. the dec entralis gallery the dutch auction process art owner decides sell artwork the maecenas platform, and chooses which currency receive the proceeds. this could art tokens, cryptocurrencies fiat currencies. investors participate the auction submitting art tokens the auction smart contract. for those investors wanting participate with fiat currencies other cryptocurrencies, deposits are kept perinvestor fully-segregated virtual bank account having unique iban secure multi-sig cold-storage. the maecenas platform, upon reception monies, allocates equivalent amount art tokens the investor and pledges the tokens the smart contract behalf the investor. maecenas uses its art reserve funds guarantee liquidity, and converts the submitted funds into art seamlessly ensure good user experience. when the dutch auction process finishes, the smart contract proceeds analyse all bids determine the final share price and the amount shares each successful investor ends purchasing. the smart contract settles the transaction issuing artwork crypto-shares investors. the artwork seller receives either the art tokens the equivalent amount currency depending what they chose before the auction started. the dec entralis gallery world-class fine art have worked very hard build strong shortlist flagship artworks that qualify listed our platform. now have access diverse pipeline art pieces blue-chip artists that collectively worth excess one-hundred million dollars. this initial lot excellent starting point that will allow have good volume and traction when launch. these are some the names that could make into the initial collection. impressionist and modern: picasso, monet, braque, pissarro, giacometti, brancusi, modigliani, renoir, chagall, munch, sisley. post-war and classical contemporary: warhol, basquiat, lichtenstein, soulages, beuys, duchamp, bacon, sam francis, dubuffet, bourgeois. legal compliance one the challenges that faced when started defining the business model maecenas was figure out how structure the art investments way that would not infringe financial regulations, while the same time provide security and protection for investors. for that purpose, engaged numerous art finance experts, law firms and investment professionals worldwide seek advice and determine the best legal and financial structure enable secure co-investment fine art, underpinned blockchain technology. since this has never been done before, the process required extensive research and validation carried out over period nearly year. we've covered all top financial jurisdictions and explored number different financial structures, weighing all pros and cons for each approach. the result this effort very comprehensive global view how our blockchain-based art shares would fit each the top financial jurisdictions worldwide, which has allowed strike the right balance between flexibility and simplicity. the diagram below shows highlevel structure for the adopted model ownership. the dec entralis gallery keeping art safe but not hidden every artwork listed the platform will kept purpose-built safe art storage facilities. these high-security vaults actually also operate galleries whereby dedicated rooms are allocated for viewing purposes. maecenas, its effort democratise access fine art, will allow investors and their nominated guests arrange visits appreciate the artworks. these art storage facilities typically sit within international designated areas next airports that the valuables kept storage not attract local tax when they're transacted, making attractive for investors. known freeports, these facilities are available most tier- art trading hubs and have already established relationships with many them. one such facility freeport singapore where christie's operates their fine art storage services (cfass). equivalent facilities worldwide, namely: exist geneva http://geneva-freeports.ch/en luxembourg http://www.lefreeport.lu singapore http://www.singaporefreeport. com shanghai freeport west bund (scheduled open late new york http://www.arcisartstorage.com market validation by-product the extensive product validation exercise that we've done the opportunity engage with active players the art finance industry, namely insurance companies, asset managers, banks, art lenders, galleries, collectors and even auction houses. the result these interactions number key partnership and collaboration opportunities which will allow maecenas have strong position the market and have global reach. the following list shows some the entities that we've been touch with validate maecenas and shape into viable product. most cases the interest generated our platform bumped deal directly with c-level executives. please note that this list not exhaustive. insurance companies axa art helvetia swiss insurance private banks wealth managers black rock pictet julius baer credit suisse ubs bordier cie farringdon asset management law firms pwc linklaters simmons simmons art collectors can't name them due confidentiality agreements, but have circa us$ artworks the pipeline. other entities art christie's (cfass christie's fine art storage services) sotheby's swisscom adepa eurex euroclear borro the dec entralis gallery target segments and trends maecenas' target market sizeable its own right. addition, capitalise number recent investment trends which are set continue: the shared economy: maecenas allows investors syndicate and jointly own piece art. this model has been validated large the continual increase popularity the many property and equity crowdfunding platforms available. cryptocurrencies: investment cryptocurrencies and crypto-assets has grown exponentially over the last few years. the value many these digital assets has increased less than year. trading volumes cryptoexchanges are all-time highs and show sign slowing down. the value proposition cryptographic tokens simple: democratise access wealth. blockchains allow investors full control their digital assets without having rely intermediaries exposed central counterparties. maecenas capitalises this trend opening trillions dollars' worth fine art the crypto investor community. investment art finance innovation: the investment art-related startups quadrupled the last two years reaching over year. art collateral: art finance expected grow significantly. the art-secured lending market has grown estimated percent annually for the last five years. revenue forecast (in millions) self-investment: over the coming years, more and more money will handed younger generations, who are actively looking participate the decision making their investments. the behaviour this digitally native generation favours digital-first platforms and the ability self-invest. millennials are going the largest adult segment alternative investments: the younger generation investors favour tangible assets over traditional capital market products, such government bonds and stocks. these products are currently offering negative very low interest rates, making alternative assets even more attractive. usd (million) year year year year the dec entralis gallery business model our business model based primarily two revenue streams: issuance and secondary market. issuance: artworks listed maecenas attract one-time issuance fee which charged asset owners. investors participating auctions pay one-off fee. these fees are charged settled transactions only. fine art exchange: shares artworks will tradable maecenas fine art exchange. will always free sell your auction-acquired shares, while buyers will pay commission. token crowdsale the issuance the art token will controlled smart contract deployed the ethereum network. the token will conform the erc standard. total tokens will issued, and they will allocated the following ratios: sold the crowdsale. kept reserve liquidity fund allocated incentivise partners and client acquisition retained maecenas the crowdsale seeks collect eth equivalent us$ million (soft cap) which will allow maecenas launch the platform and operate our first market, which highly likely geneva, switzerland. there further milestone us$ million which maecenas will use accelerate growth and operate additional markets top art cities worldwide (e.g. new york, london, paris, luxembourg, shanghai, hong kong, singapore). there further stretch goal us$ million (hard cap) which maecenas will use create its own art fund high-grade artworks listed the platform. some collections that have the pipeline are blue-chip artists, contemporary art, undervalued old masters, and rising emerging asia. summary: soft cap: us$ (platform launch) milestone: us$ (additional markets) hard cap: us$ (art fund) this target prices each art token us$ the actual price eth will set few days before the sale starts. the implementation these caps aims achieve broad, diversified distribution. art tokens will transferrable days after the end the crowdsale. the dec entralis gallery token allocation the tokens will sold during the crowdsale and therefore will allocated buyers. the number art tokens fixed supply ,,. demand for art tokens will vary. tokens are required maecenas' smart contracts operate. art tokens will locked for the duration the dutch auctions and therefore its supply will decrease. the more artworks are auctioned through maecenas the greater the demand for art tokens will be. these market dynamics are likely play role the price the token the crypto exchanges. further the tokens will kept liquidity reserve fund used maecenas guarantee liquidity during the art auctions. liquidity key element for marketplaces succeed and therefore we're reserving large portion the tokens for this purpose. maecenas may purchase more tokens from the open exchanges top this fund discretionary basis. plan create healthy and inclusive ecosystem and therefore anticipate using the art tokens incentivise galleries, museums, art asset managers and other partners. are setting aside the tokens for this. finally, the last chunk the token issuance will utilised reward and incentivise the current and future maecenas team experts and advisors. the team tokens will have -month vesting period with -month cliff. we're putting this structure place ensure that the incentives the team and maecenas supporters are aligned. tokens won't transferable until vesting (on monthly pro-rata basis). research development sales marketing legal compliance art collection funds operations use sale proceeds anticipate that cryptocurrency collected during the crowdsale will allocated the following manner. the actual allocation may vary depending the final amount raised during the crowdsale. terms sale the terms sale will published week before the crowd sale starts. the dec entralis gallery our team marcelo garcia casil co-founder ceo federico cardoso co-founder cto edurado sarian cfo financial technology expert who has wide-ranging experience designing and building large-scale enterprise-grade applications with focus investment banking and financial systems. experienced professional blockchain developer and architect, with over years experience architecture and design secure and highly-available enterprise systems. experienced finance professional with over years experience financial markets and corporate finance with strong focus structured financial transactions. juan dominguez head strategy pablo raices technical director federico videla information security saul hudson communications the dec entralis gallery advisors markus gnirck partner, tryb capital tom ludescher ceo swiss insurance company scott huan partner, aumakua venture fund daniel liebau partner, lightbulb capital luis pastor partner, grant thornton alessandro maiano partner, wilbe ventures references https://www.deloitte.com/content/dam/deloitte/lu/documents/financial-services/artandfinance/lu-art-asset-class-.pdf http://www.christies.com/features/guides/buying-guide/related-information/buyers-premium http://www.sothebys.com/en/news-video/blogs/all-blogs/sotheby-s-at-large///important-update-regarding-sothebys-buyerspremium.html