yue lai ico.info can mai ico zhi xiang are all born lonely all live lone islet symbols are the only means exchange idea the only thing ensured are flags and obstacles while our symbols are neither our originals nor valuables then, are never free because for there's ship take the wealth mind other's hand so, arouse the free will lower the flag and break the barriers our common symbol carries private values give our bodies clear meaning when lonely each other are dependent and open know others and known others! maggie and sns about maggie ii. about social network service (sns) why maggie devoted sns? iii. pain spots the sns sector and maggie's solutions security privacy transaction experience credit system how does maggie engage itself sns? iv. product technical structure protection mechanism for user's core privacy encrypted communication construction maggie's whole-network analysis platform intelligent matching model transaction secured with smart contract real and pamper-proof evaluation system mag and return mechanism how work with maggie? construction sns ecosystem vi. value mag vii. maggie's development schedule maggie and social network service about maggie maggie has created brand new social blockchain ecosystem, aiming transform the traditional model centralized sns with blockchain technology. maggie positions itself sns platform featuring strict certification, high privacy, weak tie and strong personality, and will facilitate efficient transfer values among users through whole-network analysis matching and smart contract. also, the unique tamper-resistance blockchain automatically establishes credit system maggie's platform. maggie committed and devoted attracting and gathering those pursuit joy and liberty globally give full play all their value and demands. benifiting from special circulation channel for social relationship, maggie will guide users co-build spontaneous and beneficial decentralized social network. the process realizing user value, maggie will offer guidance the network community, actively assist users with the formulation community "constitution" --- smart contract, and construct whole-network data analysis system. unlike other sns platforms, maggie will not seek participation interference the transactions any capacity. maggie offers effective solutions pain spots current social apps --- lack distinctive features, difficulty identifying ideal partners, high cost offline meeting, and poor credit security. social functions enabled maggie cover not only dating, but also other multiple social activities such reward mission, business cooperation and interest groups. for these dapps, maggie will provide the blockchain-based infrastructure create more extensive value ecosystem. ii. about social network service according musertracker, data monitoring service iresearch, there were nearly million independent devices operating mobile social apps china may, the number mobile app users has been rising continuously, experiencing slowed growth after the rapid increase and witnessing steady increase iresearch found that nearly half those surveyed used mobile social apps over three times day. this frequency made possible lower traffic cost well more convenient and powerful app functions. intensively used mobile social apps are evolving into platform-level entrance apps. over percent the users spent more than one hour mobile social apps. for most users, mobile social apps have become indispensible their cell phones. iresearch also highlights two habits among mobile app users: percent the users update their status different apps, indicating their objective need for multiple identities, multiple personalities and multiple social functions. over percent the users successfully make friends through mobile social apps and percent the users offline for meeting party, indicating that users have persistently strong need for "making friends" any time. further study also shows that the "feeling loneliness" tends intensify the modern age. inspired these stunning figures, many sns giants have taken the opportunities emerge home and abroad. they have been either expanding market share based the existing user base, transplanting international models into china: sns for acquaintances, professionals, matchmaking, campus, homosexual, etc. however, within such prosperity, risks loom large. why maggie devoted sns iii. pain spots the sns sector and maggie's solutions seasoned professional team with years experience sns, maggie has tried mainstream chinese and foreign social apps and found that for existing centralized social products, there are still many pain spots that can't systematically avoided solved. these pain spots cover three aspects: security privacy, transaction experience, and credit system. based these three aspects, our analysis revealed core pain spots: lack protection for core privacy; failure raise real demand; arbitrary interception, storage analysis user's communications; difficulty properly matching real demand; high time cost lack protection for transaction process; ineffective reviewing/rating/endorsing system. after making in-depth analysis and dissection the above pain spots and considering technical features blockchain, maggie offers its unique solutions. believe these solutions constitute not only technical innovations for sns products, but also overhaul the business model the sns ecosystem. security privacy lack protection for core privacy user's personal information becomes increasingly valuable the internet era, the wish for privacy protection has also grown stronger. however, order verify the authentic identity users, traditional centralized platforms and various intermediaries require their core private information collected and recorded for identification: cell phone number, information, home address, bank card information, etc. regarding privacy protection, the only measure available for users enhance online security awareness. they have other option but accept the systematic collection their private information centralized platforms. once their core privacy and transaction information are sold stolen, they will troubled endless spams house purchasing, interior finish and usurious loan well numerous swindles involving shopping refund and air ticket change, etc. the negative impact users will even worse their private information dating platforms accessed without authorization. online activities increase, users inevitably leave more and more traces social behaviors. it's very easy for strangers get user's core private information from these traces. case any online offline dispute, "internet mass hunting" may occur and escalate into "cyber violence". ashley madison, well-known extramarital dating website canada, promised its users remove all their credit card accounts and transaction information upon payment from them. however, following successful hacking this website, turned out that their information had not been deleted and the hackers threatened gradually leak such information attempt force its closure. the havoc the users and their families had been irreparable. [(maggie's solution)] maggie offers full set protection mechanism for user's core privacy. the whole process similar masked ball. maggie will meticulously verify the identity participants ensure only those qualified can enter the room. inside the room, everyone wears mask, irreversibly isolated from their original identity. maggie will adopt multi-level effective kyc and user address (similar that bitcoin) the sole id. failure raise real demand without effective protection their core privacy, users won't have the confidence raise real and personalized social demand. however, even with their privacy protected, they are operating social network with strong ties (acquaintance social platform based user's real identity), they still won't have the motivation freely and comfortably raise their personalized demand. this especially true with existing mainstream sns platforms, can shown comparison between weibo and wechat. weibo with much weaker link with acquaintances, users are more active and bold expressing more personal views. other countries, when facebook became the mainstream, young people gradually turned instagram and snapchat, which offered more privacy. anyway, sns platforms based authentic identity, have found full and free expression user's personalized demand. this not only due the self-positioning the sns software, but also due the insufficient infrastructure the traditional centralized system. [(maggie's solution)] naturally, isolation and protection mechanism for user's core privacy the basis for addressing this pain spot. with intention create close-tie social network, maggie designs its product avoid the traditional "friends" and "following" functions and weaken interpersonal connection. even when old user invites acquaintance maggie new user, neither them will know each other's maggie. arbitrary interception, storage analysis user's communications user's communications, transferred via centralized server, can easily stored and processed this centralized server. point-to- point communications that mostly use plain text can easily intercepted online. except for certain communication software such apple imessage, present there are rarely other social products capable encrypting user's communications. from another perspective, sns software may use big data platform segment, process and analyze communications, optimize user labeling and make recommendations more accurately. some companies with access bottom facilities may abuse their advantages operating system analyze and process information from social software. for example, the operating system famous mobile phone company enables attach relevant advertisements user's sms messages. another company has mobile phone operating system capable illegally intercepting user's wetchat communications push advertisements accordingly, viewing this the so-called application artificial intelligence. [(maggie's solution)] maggie adopts encryption method that combines public key private key system with symmetric key, provide users with the most secure and most efficient point-to-point communication. transaction experience difficulty properly matching real demand accurate matching difficult between quality service and urgent demand. there are many reasons for this. first, traditional sns evaluation system vulnerable exaggeration and distortion, making increasingly difficult find relatively valuable transactions and nodes from social network. second, the current user recommendation and matching system are all based single user profile (tens millions vector input, big data analysis platform, machine learning algorithm). for the multi-dimensional social network, current analysis platform lacks the effective whole-network analysis method, failing fully utilize the relevance between network nodes. third, spam information and spam push are unavoidable. users will naturally leave the platform when signal-to-noise ratio down certain point. weak-tie sns, which maggie attaches high priority, almost all products have online matching function. the advertised intelligent functions and behavior recording are actually nothing but label matching based list numerous labels, without any advanced technology used. users such sns are subject simple "matching face", while the multiple social demands them are not fully satisfied. the traditional centralized stranger social apps, there's persistent consumption trap. such traps are especially evident for matchmaking apps: the operator lures users with various good recommendations, which they have access unless they pay for premium service. for most free users, only "plain matches" are available. also other extended areas sns, centralized ranking and recommendation mechanism are obstructing quick discovery best matches. [(maggie's solution)] the authentic, credible and tamper-proof evaluation system built maggie the basis blockchain will important input for matching. the intelligent whole-network analysis platform not only contributes weighted calculation the evaluation system, but also quickly selects qualified good users the platform. maggie also offers mag-pledge policy similar pos, that good users with more mags will prioritized matching. highly time-consuming lack protection for transaction process taking matchmaking example, even both sides are satisfied online(with great effort),the bigger challenge follows: how make breakthrough. users stranger sns generally have basic knowledge that the concept time cost does not exist face infinite availability users. even seasoned master love may need quite some time arrange real offline dating. the gap between online match making and offline activities has been ruing the joys and significance sns. for traditional social apps, user's privacy kind core data asset. arrange offline meeting, users must make several payments the platform start conversation, develop relationship and finally meet real life step step. social app may good enough protect some the rights and interests its users online, but cannot ensure the outcome offline meeting the real intention other users. even user buys premium service that promises offline meeting, he/she will have other option but accept the uncertain outcome even suffer losses. for some demand the part users, online costs are not high may even very low, but the hidden offline costs and losses may far beyond estimate. users have control over the overall cost their activities, while sweet traps are lurking take advantage them. [(maggie's solution)] making use intelligent matching system, maggie strives speed online communication process, shorten the time needed, and match quality services with real demands. privacy and personality are like the two ends seesaw. protect privacy, user's personalized demand cannot publicized. the other hand, make accurate recommendations, the existing matching and recommendation systems have been arbitrarily harming user's privacy. while securing user's core privacy, maggie can find accurate matches for the real and personalized demands users achieve smooth and efficient online communication. constructing blockchain-based dapp and smart contract well sectioned trading terms that don't need user's evaluation and confirmation, maggie ensures the controllability risks each section the whole process. credit system ineffective reviewing/rating/endorsing system wechat, used freely give "likes" ideas support appreciate, but today such behaviors have become mechanical movements fingers meant maintain relationship. when comes trading platforms, which are examples extended sns, may see percent favorable ratings all over one online shopping site and cannot tell which product really good; another site suffers loss credibility due its arbitrary censoring unfavorable reviews. linkedin, professional sns platform, the endorsement function for labels has been turned into the "like" style support for each other. this human intervention aimed enhancing matching logic fails produce satisfactory results. one the causes for poor credibility such evaluation system pampering, vulnerability the centralized structure. the evaluation system not based real transactions and fails fully consider the weighting transactions. real reviews based real transactions are not constantly encouraged while irresponsible reviews are subject very low punishment, resulting disruptions the evaluation system, such uncontrolled zombie fans and rampant fake reviews. [(maggie's solution)] maggie bases the core its credit system the blockchain-based pamper-proof transaction record, without making any attempt join influence any transactions. maggie will take into full account the cost and weighting reviews, and the weighting calculated the basis weighted value from the whole-network analysis platform. how does maggie engage itself sns iv. product technical structure after revealing industrial pain spots and offering maggie's solutions, will systematically describe the technical structure maggie's products. maggie devoted the creation brand new blockchain-based social value ecosystem. maggie focuses itself "strict certification": will make different levels mandatory certification user's real identity ensure their identity authentic and valid; "high privacy": will adopt the quasi-bitcoin design mechanism for privacy protection secure data user's core privacy; "weak tie": our sns platform meant for strangers; "strong personality": users can give full play their personalities, preferences, and demands. through these focuses, maggie hopes build brand new social value ecosystem which distinct from the traditional model sns. contrast social network for acquaintances and offline relationship, maggie put more attention stranger sns created through value transfers and real transactions. different from all other existing rating and recommendation system running the computers and mobile phones, maggie's evaluation and matching system founded its own whole-network analysis platform. data the system, with the transparent data blockchain the core, are based graph data modeling and subject whole-network analysis. maggie will fully respect user's legitimate privacy. instead being processed centralized nodes, all transactions will fully benefit from the features blockchain smart contract. maggie will devote itself working with community users formulate fair and reasonable smart contract. maggie will seek breakthrough out stranger dating solidify the platform's core competitiveness and nurture loyal customer base. will expand meet any need for interpersonal value transfer the internet. its social functions encompass not only dating, but also other multiple social activities, including reward mission, business cooperation and interest group, etc. maggie will provide blockchain-based infrastructure for these dapp demands build more extensive value ecosystem. upholding the libertarian values, hope attract and gather all followers liberty and openness across the world co-found maggie sns ecosystem. maggie has now named its virtual currency mag, which will serve drive economic activities the platform and used all maggie's users borderless information exchange and social interaction. mag, abbreviation for maggie's virtual currency. now will step step describe maggie's sns infrastructure and the sns plan built it. protection mechanism for user's core privacy multi-level effective kyc identification mechanism used: hardware device id, cellphone number, financial certification, personal information, video verification. quasi-bitcoin encryption mechanism, which involves digital secret key, user (address) and digital signature, provides complete insulation for user's real identity secure their core privacy. the only for identifying user the address, the calculation which involves hash algorithm, user's secret key, public key, and certified signature. word, ensure that user's identity has been strictly verified and then certified with corresponding ranking. under normal conditions, neither the platform nor any individual organization can match user's real identity with his/her id. maggie will neither record nor able track user communications. however, has designed set smart contracts prevent the spread illegal information (e.g. child pornography) the platform. case any infringement, users can report the illegal information abusive. the relevant smart contract, upon execution, can record various information the participant's network identity (e.g. ip, mag address, etc.). after agreed review and confirmation, the infringer's and platform assets will frozen, and he/she will have through another kyc log again. maggie will also encrypt and store all the relevant information for further monitoring operations. maggie will provide its users with sns environment that offers security, credibility and protection core privacy, that they can fully express their personalities, preferences and demands. maggie promises that, proper time, will provide the open source the bottom layer kyc protocols encryption process well the communications interface protocols the form platform infrastructure. encrypted communication maggie spares effort bottom layer security facilities. provides users with encrypted point-to-point communication mechanism. user communications will never uplinked analyzed. maggie's encryption method combines public key private key system with symmetric session key, realize secure and efficient point-to-point communication. maggie, dating takes place shielded point-to-point platform, where user picture public locale provided. comparison other social platforms, maggie's target customers attach great importance security and privacy protection. with decent social status and stable online offline social circle, they are unwilling waste much time ineffective online talks. they all hope have access safe and reliable partner realize desirable offline dating. the protection core privacy and encrypted communication mentioned above offer solid technical support for maggie's dating. construction maggie's whole-network analysis platform user's personalized demands and transactions will stored blockchain. maggie's whole-network analysis platform will connected blockchain, not terminal client. modeling and analysis will made mainly the basis public data blockchain. our analysis primarily based real transactions, valid reviews, and personalized labels demands. distinct from machine learning and regression algorithm recommended online advertisements that monitor user behaviors, maggie adopts graph database its modeling, which can import data the whole-network real time and identify key users (node) and critical transactions (edge). call this client ranking. intelligent matching model regular data such time and geological position are used basic matching information. user's personalized labels, preferences and demands are important input. through whole-network data analysis, the truly valuable users will identified and labeled, and transaction threshold will raised. this way spam information will reduced improve signal-to-noise ratio, that direct and efficient user matching made possible facilitate smooth transactions. users can improve success rate matching raising the price single transaction means mag-pledge (quasi-pos mechanism). social platforms for stranger matchmaking and dating, most users are male, constituting much percent all users (ashley madison). though men are more proactive the platform, the ladies that set the pace, who prefer experienced and successful men. during intelligent matching, priority will given male users with higher offer and higher total asset (mag amount). unlike other social platforms that value daily active users, maggie put more emphasis introducing core users the initial stage, whose initiative will drive the overall traffic growth the platform. transaction secured with smart contract maggie's dapp, smart contract serves transaction guarantee just like "alipay". charge making payment with virtual currency. smart contract smart because does not need human assessment confirmation. thanks blockchain consensus mechanism, checks will made see preset conditions are met for successful transaction, confirmation will made all accounting nodes, and values will automatically transferred. through the sectioned smart contracts guided multiple preconditions, the trading parties are capable controlling risks different sections fully protect their rights and interests. with the exception few centralized verification tasks, principle transactions and data transfers among users and between users and platform are all conducted using services provided smart contracts. maggie devoted assisting its users with the management the platform's "constitution" --- smart contract. dating maggie will adopt smart contract protect user's rights and interests all sections the whole process. throughout the process, transactions between the two parties will proceed through nodes with help from the blockchain consensus mechanism. authentic and pamper-proof evaluation system all reviews maggie will uplinked and free from pampering any person any platform. long-term incentive mechanism for reviews established encourage authentic, valid and detailed two-way reviews transaction. the reviews will incorporated into the whole-network analysis platform influence matching success rate the long run. all reviews are based authentic transactions. threshold for reviews are raised and quasi-pow mechanism are adopted. different transaction values and transaction partners produce different review weightings. whole-network data analysis will identify and mark invalid reviews with low weighting, effectively handle fake reviews. anonymity, real-time up-link and privacy protection mechanism allow the transaction parties make real reviews freely. mag and return mechanism mag, blockchain-based medium exchange maggie's platform, has dual attributes. can either long-term equity consumption tool. users can hold for long time, spend any time social activities maggie's platform. all mags can spent and circulated conveniently and freely maggie's platform, enabling users communicate and interact absolutely free and equal manner. all transactions and services the platform will priced with mag. the platform will recommend reasonable pricing strategy based market value. maggie will charge transaction fee certain proportion, which will used cover operation expenses the platform. incentive for its users, maggie will continually release certain amount mags its platform, reward active users and attract new good users. user the wallet address, which mags will stored. during intelligent matching, mag-pledging based quasi-pos mechanism will effectively raise the threshold and success rate matching. construction sns ecosystem any individual organization, they are interested social network consisting members with strict certification, high privacy, weak tie and strong personality, may consider entering maggie's ecosystem and contributing its construction. maggie promises that proper time, will provide open source bottom layer protocols, codes and modules used for certification, privacy encryption and maggie wallet, etc. long third-party apps and system developers comply with relevant protocols, and long app developers use built-in maggie modules, they can connect maggie's blockchain network. maggie will also assist other organizations the ecosystem with the formulation on-chain smart contract, accelerate dapp development. maggie will open its whole-network analysis platform third-party organizations (advertisement entities), which can directly use maggie's data and valuable analysis results locate the most valuable users. third-party organizations are also welcome provide services (live streaming, game, e-commerce, etc.) create value. third-party individuals and organizations must use mag. the basis on-chain resources actually provided consumed, transactions will made accordance with the fine granularity pricing method, which similar the charging and payment method cloud-computing. all organizations and individuals are connected blockchain via blockchain node without enjoying any privilege. how work with maggie vi. value mag mag the basic unit for account maggie. mag the medium exchange for the value maggie's products. users can transfer values among themselves exchanging mags. mag the basic currency for user activities maggie's sns platform: for example, mag must used when invitation initiated accepted for offline meeting maggie's platform, when reward given for successful invitation. incentive available encourage user activity maggie's sns platform. highly active users and users with good credit will rewarded with certain number mags the system accordance with public incentive rules, which may stimulate long-term activity and attract new users. vii. maggie's development schedule maggie team founded maggie presented prototype the first product maggie began exploration blockchain solution maggie received exclusive angel investment from inb maggie started product development maggie will start mag exchange plan maggie will start online internal test maggie will launch its international version (note: the development plan will followed according practical situations. this timeline presented above for reference only.)