magnet whitepaper abstract magnet cryptocurrency based upon the principle ideas green mining, transparency, accessibility everyone, strong community focus and fairness. our network has been built harness the full power blockchain technology and drive forward with new, innovative ideas which fully exploit the opportunity blockchain presents introduction have designed the magnetwork all users can benefit from supporting and using it. believe that mining plays crucial role decentralized networks. miners are therefore generously rewarded for their effort. however, given the increasing concerns over the extreme energy levels being consumed blockchain networks, believe important seek new means cryptocurrency mining. are actively carrying out extensive research into renewable energies and how these might used efficiently the mining process. are building platform offer investment into renewable energy mining. our network further decentralized and strengthened through masternodes, which reward users fifty percent (%) the generated mining rewards. finally, all users are also rewarded through proof staking. distinguishing features our primary focus will enhancing and growing the magnet network. aim engage users and investors with full suite strong progressive and advanced features described below. are also highly committed operating robust and stable network and providing strong support through user-friendly documentation and social channel engagement. universal voting system community oriented network also want give voice all users. this regards, are introducing universal voting system other masternode-based currencies have traditionally allowed masternode owners vote network consensus issues. want take the concept further and extend this everyone the network very similar the proof stake mining which allows every holding wallet contribute the mining process. this feature alone will empower the entire magent community shape the future magnet and, described our roadmap, everyone will invited vote our next steps the road. page masternodes first-class assets strongly believe that the incentivized two-tier model brought about masternodes the best way create the commitment and retention needed for perennial growth. addition creating robust and highly serviceable network, see the masternode ecosystem means long-term investment. therefore, want give masternode owners the tools they need get the most out their investment the magnet network. dedicated tools and first-class wallet features are the roadmap fulfill these needs. mining and renewable energy decentralized blockchain technology conventionally powered strong cryptography and high computational power ensuring the strength the network. magnet energy-aware (descendant ppcoin) uses similar hybrid mining scheme based proof work and proof stake (/) which, intrinsically, allows the mining process remain energy efficient. going further, are focusing our efforts and research renewable energy mining and the implementation full-featured, scalable and fair platform offering everyone the ability invest green energy mining. online tools are proponents making cryptocurrencies more accessible everyone. for this, are building the tools increase the reach magnet both from the end-users and merchants' perspectives. complete web wallet service will provided along with companion apps including simplified payment verification (spv) wallet for android and ios. are also creating suite tools for merchants easily and securely transact with magnet. budget vote note that this feature will only happen the popularity vote won. order sustain the magnet network development efforts, would like redirect small percentage the mining and masternode rewards toward monthly budget. the vote passes, the monthly percentage will reserved and its amount also voted the community. the system will flexible enough that adjustments can made every month much similar the difficulty adjustment network mining consensus. page specifications name: magnet ticker: mag algorithm: type: hybrid pos/pow (-) block time: secs per block. masternode collateral: mag masternode rewards: all mining rewards (pos and pow) pos block reward: coin-day yearly interest: min. staking age: hours confirms max. staking age: days coinbase maturity: blocks pow block reward: block reward halving: every blocks coinbase maturity: blocks mags was extracted first block for setting healthy amount masternodes before going public. this was needed for network safety and all future rewards are used sustain the network. conclusion magnet growing transparent and accessible payment option for users exchange value safely. page