maincoin ____ maincoin.money maincoin maincoin.money maincoin.money introduction ecosystem maincoin mission the token and the factors its growth model ico road map conclusion maincoin white paper business opportunity ____ maincoin.money maincoin.money introduction modern business diversified. investors they prefer invest different assets. for this there are holdings, joint-stock companies. not always convenient manage such structures. such education very expensive. maincoin huge number legal entities, heterogeneous assets-management require the presence number legal entities, money transfers. using one the types business the client may not always take advantage byproduct. maincoin digital coin that allows you decide one the most important problems diversified business creation ecosystem that would allow create single means payment and would attract investment for that business could develop. maincoin the world's first digital currency for create and pay white paper for services that are one ecosystem. ____ maincoin.money maincoin.money ecosystem our goal create digital coin that offers unique solution the scalability for the business. maincoin digital currency that provides online and various business processes means payment. maincoin offline instant and private payments, well participates the system based the ethereum blockchain, which provides secure and reliable transactions. your personal information well digital protected and cannot accessed third parties. assets maincoin has its own cryptocurrency wallet, which already allows coin holders store their coins and use them for everyday payments. maincoin unique token that can used any part vast ecosystem. having possible liquidity extensive ecosystem maincoin, and will provide features the best blockchain white paper technology add liquidity incredible level transparency and clarity for investors around the world. ____ maincoin.money maincoin.money maincoin notable that all the offered products built not only the model the developed business, but and the models are working their ecosystem. that is, all issued tokens not only have potential growth, but now fully provided with the resources its ecosystems. the structure the ecosystem includes: avtomain taxi taxi that works with everyone service's. avtomain taxi wholly owned maincoin.money. maincoin the parties the principle informatization services and provision the business has been operating for more than years, which means its model stable and has the potential expand. the peculiarity the taxi the utmost openness the client sees all the machines the search, the manager sees all correspondence with the driver, and the driver immediately sees the entire route and has the white paper ability communicate openly with the driver and passenger. ____ maincoin.money maincoin.money avtomain bestchange exchanger digital currencies and fiat money for cryptocurrency. also, the exchanger can operate independent platform for maincoin the exchange currencies and crypto-currencies between each other. mnc exchange high-tech center that all trading operations are carried out the basis modern computer software based the latest technologies solutions the field information technology. white paper all transactions will paid the maincoin coin. ____ maincoin.money maincoin.money avtomain trading online currency trading and cryptocurrency between users market price. special feature the platform will the payment for any transactions the coin maincoin the principle pp, well with maincoin white paper the ability instantly purchase without registration. ____ maincoin.money maincoin.money main cash money system payments between financial white paper main radio multimedia asset maincoin.money ____ maincoin.money maincoin organizations, business organizations and internet users. maincoin.money business opportunity scalability. every business needs not only developed, but also contribute the, his filled with new content. this may increase volumes, optimization business for business growth necessary use tools scalings. they allow you implement large projects short time. white paper this opportunity provides maincoin. ____ maincoin.money maincoin processes growth another area, not always adjacent. maincoin.money mission maincoin mission maincoin create universal currency for any business's. business cannot grow, not accelerate its development and minimize the cost scaling it. consider this aspect, the possibility reducing response time maincoin business processes traditional areas business-can give significant increase economic development that will allow any conditions white paper undertake economic action anywhere the world. ____ maincoin.money maincoin.money the token and the factors its growth forecasts for the growth the token price are based analysis similar projects that have been developed and conducted series ico. this regard, expect the growth the token standard formula. the first case, the token can working capital the exchange: white paper given that the number tokens limited and not assumes growth geometric progression and public turnover the exchange, then the value the token may vary from nominal value values, exceeding its -fold cost. ____ maincoin.money maincoin the maincoin token provided number real parameters business's. maincoin.money token growth startup prospective token growth the second case the token's participation the business payment one means. maincoin potential growth maincoin since tokens are involved the turnover real business, and business can used platform for scaling and ecosystem development, worth noting that the growth token ecobudget associated with the growth key indicators business that can bring white paper additional income through increase the exchange value the token ____ maincoin.money maincoin.money model ico ico the company expected several stages. coin standard-erc total issue tokens. not sold tokens will destroyed. the distribution tokens planned the following order discount token price stage data presale ..-.. tsentov presale ..-.. tsentov presale ..-.. tsentov total sale needed tsentov tokens remain the ico fund for development white paper token business and ecosystem. ____ maincoin.money maincoin tokens are offered for sale. maincoin white paper maincoin.money ____ maincoin.money maincoin.money maincoin white paper road map ____ maincoin.money maincoin.money conclusion maincoin allows you create system that almost can instantly create single payment system and scale the business. payment. maincoin can also used the service industry. maincoin token maincoin involved the turnover real business means scaling the business and token ecosystem can implemented various ways, including connection third-party business the ecosystem the token. using maincoin, businesses can get more than just resources for development, but also the ability move financial resources flows between companies within few seconds. all this leads the conclusion that maincoin promising and white paper relevant coin. ____ maincoin.money maincoin maincoin.money