social betting network powered blockchain table contents executive summary and vision................................................................................................ advantages for contributors and token holders.................................................................. market opportunity................................................................................................................ why blockchain?..................................................................................................................... marginless solutions current industry problems............................................................ industry lowest margins winners are welcomed clear and transparent rules quick payouts friendly kyc limited amount betting markets luxury car raffle.................................................................................................................... marginless platform.............................................................................................................. betting exchange platform face face betting hybrid oracle solution live chat social network integration mobile app become bookmaker............................................................................................................ social network mvp tipstershub...................................................................................... monthly jackpot.................................................................................................................. token and token sale information..................................................................................... roadmap............................................................................................................................... affiliate................................................................................................................................. legal disclaimer................................................................................................................... it's time bring power bettors. lukas jonaitis founder ceo ,,it's time bring power bettors." sports betting has long-lasting history dating back the olympic games which initially took place greece. the process combines desire win with the passion for sports. this powerful synergy has created multibillion dollar industry with its opportunities and quirks. back the times roman empire betting reached incredible popularity crowds gambled the outcomes gladiators fights well many other sporting events. though technology has evolved beyond belief, the principles betting remain exactly they were thousands years ago. the past, was more common place bets against another person face face. this sort betting was perhaps bit more intense and fueled some emotional involvement, yet was alive and generated huge amounts satisfaction case fortunate outcomes. marginless will bring the good old times where individuals will have opportunity place wager against other people directly almost any sport other activity. friends, colleagues and many other sports lovers will able get back the control their bets and place them against real person. cleverly developed algorithms seem rule today's betting industry, however, the decentralized approach newly forming blockchain technology based solutions will change the way live making financial transactions, buying products and... betting. marginless you can not only bet sports, but create your own bets different kind niches. the whole team marginless ready introduce the market leading margins along with incredibly user friendly platform, where all users can share their betting insights, place bets against their friends oppositors without being overcharged simply tricked. really appreciate your support and trust. it's time bring power bettors. advantages for contributors best token prices during ico rounds early contributors will rewarded token discounts and possibility earn extra rewards through our affiliate system. luxury car raffle early contributors any marginless contributor, purchasing mrs tokens more will automatically participate bmw raffle. community will able vote and decide the way raffle draw will completed. draw will take place june st. fast growing market growing annually, sports betting market, massive and perfect niche for blockchain and cryptocurrencies. monthly jackpot for token holders each month, part all collected fees will towards monthly jackpot that can won any marginless user. tickets can collected doing various tasks the website. opportunity become bookmaker ever wondered what does feel bookmaker? using our platform absolutely anyone can become bookmaker and create their own bets that people can wager in. it's time bring power bettors. industry-lowest commissions marginless, people can bet against each other directly using our mrs tokens that cost nearly nothing transfer. because that, marginless can offer the industry leading lowest margins. unique face face betting interface marginless will present new betting type face face betting, where anyone can challenged! face face betting allows the clashing users with different opinions bet different event outcome against each other directly. quick payouts tokens altcoins marginless tokens and the blockchain allows confirm payouts immediately and those payouts will processed couple minutes! your privacy yours marginless platform works with mrs utility only. with that, kyc procedure becomes really user-friendly and simple. our platforms solutions will offer simplified registration and will not centrally store any your personal information. limitations for successful bettors this problem nonexistent marginless. winners are truly welcomed here. even more bettors will rewarded with monthly jackpot raffle tickets for showing good results. transparent and fair rules more worries about bookmakers adjusting your bets not paying out your winnings due hidden rules and regulations. it's time bring power bettors. market opportunity sports betting market, general, massive. according different reports, there are over trillion usd worth bets placed annually. alone, legal sports betting profits are estimated over billion dollars and this figureure set reach billion dollars this year. different kinds ico (initial coin offerings) are bringing worldwide competition the betting market, leaving regular gambling organizations fear losing clients. we, marginless, believe that blockchain and cryptocurrency ideal for betting. having all that mind, here are some the main facts about betting market size billion usd and its growth throughout the years. europe asia and middle east north america others sports betting has become the fastest growing market segment within gambling worldwide, and now dominates, accounting for nearly half the total online market. fifth sports betting takes place via mobile, and this expected reach percent also, study, which was conducted espn and the norwalk research firm markitecture found that all americans aged and older have placed bet within month period. it's time bring power bettors. studies found nearly two-thirds people their believe sports betting just another leisure activity and "no different" than buying lottery ticket, while see online sports betting "perfectly harmless". traditional sports betting many locales driven underground, leading corruption, unfairness, and violence. marginless offers this untapped market opportunity choose safe, private and accessible way bet through decentralized blockchain technology. federally funded national gambling impact study reported just internet sports wagering started take off that estimates for the overall amount bet sports were high billion year. the study called sports betting "the most widespread and popular form gambling america". according technavio media and entertainment research analysts, one the top trends the global sports betting market right now increased availability other cash alternatives, like cryptocurrency. https://www.statista.com/statistics//market-volume-of-online-gaming-worldwide/ https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global--bn-online-gambling-market-to--by-type-de viceregion-.html https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/online-gambling-betting.html it's time bring power bettors. why blockchain? with the use blockchain, cryptocurrency provides the speed and anonymity that has made cryptocurrency ideal for people looking wager safely and has given sports gamblers alternative traditional online books. the speed cryptocurrency transactions makes using cryptocurrency sportsbooks much safer option everyone than traditional sportsbooks. you can deposit, wager, withdraw, and have your money back immediate control. while using the blockchain, your transactions are fast and cheap, will reduce high fees and will also ensure high levels international liquidity. blockchain-based system universal and ideal for any country, there need modifying the program for every region adopting specific payment methods. use decentralized system eliminates the risk fraud the part sportsbooks, the risk for account getting blocked and problems with withdrawing funds for regular bettors. also, blockchain highly reduces the costs the infrastructure. because that, more funds can used for the project's development. it's time bring power bettors. marginless solutions current industry problems problem unfair odds one the biggest problems that current bettors face unfair odds. this one the main reasons why most regular bettors are struggling become profitable. the fear regularly losing against bettors while also being regulated, charged and extra taxed governments, forces regular sports books charge margin all placed bets. for example, the biggest bookmakers the world offers odds (on most markets) for selections they see coinflip. with these odds the bettor, order become stay profitable, has win least bets placed. additionally, those bettors, who manage beat these unfair margins, are being taxed governments. marginless solution due the fact that marginless operating peer-to-peer betting operator and does not require huge risk management full traders team, bettors will have possibility place bets with industry leading that will charged from those who won only! for example, golden state warriors are playing against cleveland cavaliers. player places bet mrs golden state warriors for their win the odds and the bettor being matched against player who betting mrs cleveland cavaliers the odds whichever team wins, the winner gets mrs return. it's time bring power bettors. how would the numbers look your current sports books used margin? lets say you place coinflip bets per year, averaging about per bet. you win these bets odds, your loss would exactly you win these bets marginless your profit would marginless can turn losers into winners! and what you are already winner? you win these bets odds your profit would exactly +$. you win these bets marginless your profit would +$. profits winning bettor would nearly doubled also, the generated margin fees marginless goes the monthly jackpot raffle which every user has the chance win! it's time bring power bettors. problem limitations for winning players one the biggest problems that comes every profitable bettors way betting companies not allowing place full stakes when they can see that player constantly winning. even though most the betting companies are claiming that winners are welcomed there, truth that most the time only losing players are really welcomed. possibility for the bookmakers regulate your betting can disguised different terms and conditions. marginless solution this problem nonexistent marginless. winners are truly welcomed here. even more marginless will encourage winning players not only reach profit for themselves, but also share their profitable strategies and insights with other users. bettors will rewarded with monthly jackpot raffle tickets for not only being active, but for reaching different betting goals also, such winning streaks. problem lack transparency most the time, bookmakers leave possibilities change your betting selections, void your winning bets decline your payouts. bookmakers can void your winning bet due spelling error, incorrect odds for various other different reasons and, most cases, there won't anything you can get your winnings back. marginless solution more worries about the bookmakers paying out your winnings. marginless offers the users bet events and celebrate winnings exactly after the finish the event you have wagered on. it's time bring power bettors. more waiting! after the bet placed and accepted our moderating staff, your and the opposing bettors funds will held contract until the event finished. after that, the information about the bet outcome will automatically taken from independent sources and once the result confirmed, winnings will delivered participant's wallets accordingly. all the betting information will stored the blockchain, which will allow users to: keep track their betting history review previous bets find ways improve your betting with our analyzing tools problem long payouts due the fact that regular sportsbooks require help from party companies transfer funds from your betting account your bank wallet payouts tend take long time. even your winnings are already transferred out your betting account, the money might not reach your bank warrant for several days, which means you cannot use the money that time interval. not only that most the current bookmakers have limits for how much you can withdraw once per day. marginless wallet it's time bring power bettors. marginless solution marginless betting platform driven mrs utility tokens, which means that the whole betting process fiat currency not used all. the use tokens and altcoins reward for betting gives you complete, secure and extremely fast reward payment tokens altcoins. marginless tokens and the blockcain lets you confirm payouts immediately and payouts will processed couple minutes. our partner's wallet that will integrated into platform will let you keep your betting assets more than different altcoins. you will have possibility deposit withdraw altcoins well. problem long kyc procedure regular bookmakers have really strict kyc procedure which can become problematic, especially they requested after the bettors wish withdraw their winnings. most cases, bookmakers allow users deposit money without any restrictions kyc procedures, but require complete them before you can withdraw money. can take days even months until bettor manages gather all required documents and get them accepted, while their winnings are stuck bookmakers wallet. also, all the personal data that was sent for identification always risk while using regular bookmakers regular cyber-attacks bookmakers sharing your data with their partners. marginless solution marginless platform works with altcoins. because that our kyc procedure really user-friendly and simple. our platforms solution offers simplified registration and will not store any your personal information whatsoever. the network available using any internet connection and not subjected for regulatory oversight. it's time bring power bettors. problem limited options for betting different scenarios most the time bookmakers from different betting organizations offer wagering options strictly sports, that way forgetting other popular niches that people have big interest in. the lack for different types betting options creates certain barrier that makes betting interesting for limited sphere people. marginless solution marginless offering perfect solution for this well-known problem using our platform absolutely anyone can become bookmaker and create their own bets that people can wager in. using our user-friendly interface literally anyone can create their own and unique bets where people can wager. for example, such niches like political elections (or politics general) cryptocurrency price changes different cultural events it's time bring power bettors. musical cinema awards sporting events product releases esports matches and lineup speculations and much more luxury car raffle any marginless contributor, purchasing mrs tokens more (or equivalent altcoin) will automatically participate bmw raffle the winner will announced within hours after the ending our ico raffle process will audited audit company. raffle rules minimal amount bought mrs tokens, order compete the raffle mrs tokens. payment enter the raffle must made advance the draw date. any payment received after the draw date will treated regular buy. tickets can sold to, behalf of, for person under the age years. it's time bring power bettors. ticket sold unknowingly to, behalf of, for person under the age they will exempt from the raffle and will forfeit his/her prize and the stake will returned. wallet holding mrs more will act your ticket. the marginless raffles are open all world wide residents over the age except employees marginless who are directly involved with the raffle, their agencies and other companies directly involved the running the raffle. take part raffle online entrants must years age over. marginless will run only one raffle draw for specified vehicle. the draw date june st, participation this raffle can made buying our cryptocurrency (mrs) through our website affiliated websites. raffle tickets will entered into the draw only when the whole payment received. marginless takes responsibility for raffle tickets which are lost, damaged, illegible from which the prize-winner cannot identified, any technical failure event which may cause the competition disrupted corrupted. any ticket entries received after the closing date may miss entry into the draw and therefore will considered nonexistent. raffle tickets will drawn randomly. marginless community will have voting power choose method draw translation. the result the raffle draw final. correspondence will entered into. where marginless unable contact prize-winner that prize remains unclaimed for hours following marginless first attempt notify the prize winner, marginless may apply the prize sees fit, including re-offering the prize the future raffles. all winners are required cooperate with marginless right publish their win and where deemed appropriate, and provide proof age when requested. winner the raffle will responsible for all the costs prize delivery selected location winner. it's time bring power bettors. the event error, howsoever caused, whether printing error otherwise and whether obvious otherwise, which affects the competition any way, the organizers reserve the right administer the raffle though the error had not occurred. where the organizers deem appropriate and/or feasible marginless will notify entrants the error. failure comply with any these rules may result the disqualification the entry. marginless reserves the right disqualify any entry their absolute discretion. marginless platform betting exchange platform marginless will operate betting exchange platform. platform users will able place bets offered markets with their selected odds oppose open bets from other users. after bet placed offered market, marginless tokens will reserved from the users wallet until the bet accepted another user. the bet can accepted several users part-by-part single user for full stake, which makes the wager automatically become face face bet. when the bet accepted, full part stake, the specified, amount tokens will deducted from your and opposing user (-s) wallet with the help contracts and paid out accordingly after the official result the match confirmed the platform. it's time bring power bettors. you can cancel your bet adjust any time until the bet officially accepted. the bet not accepted until the start the event -reservation tokens will stopped and the tokens will become usable again just after the event has started. only one part your bet opposed, for example, let's say you stake mrs (marginless tokens) and someone opposes for only mrs, the remaining part will come back your wallet when the match has officially started. for example: let's say you want place bet worth mrs bitcoin reach next all-time-high before july odds all you need the selected market screen, select your pick, write your odds and the preferred amount tokens. the mrs will reserved from your wallet and the bet will placed the betting exchange where other users will able see available lay against. the opposing bet placed for exactly mrs tokens from both users wallets will locked contract and you will both placed face face betting interface. face face betting have you ever made bet against your friend and heard that your handshake agreement was official enough get your winnings, after you clearly won the bet? well, you will never have this same situation again. marginless proudly presenting unique feature face face betting, where everyone can challenged! face face betting allows clashing users with different opinions bet directly against each other. you can send bet offer other users with few simple clicks and after the bet was accepted another user placed bets will locked using contracts are both you will placed into face face betting interface. this interface you will able chat with each other using our unique, betting related material. you can also offer your opponent increase the stake split the pot any given time. after the event finished, marginless platform and the blockchain will ensure that the winner gets his/her winnings instantly. it's time bring power bettors. hybrid oracle solution several blockchain based projects have been trying implement decentralized oracles that are triggered public voting solution possible unfairness regarding bet resolutions. however this solution working intended only theory. order manipulate the outcome certain betting contract the decentralized oracle could affected group people cartel which could deliberately provide false data make profit from the incorrect execution the contract resulting from that false data. this solution, order defend their bet against incorrect fraudulent report the public, the real winner bet would have their bet huge amounts trigger re-voting, which sometimes not possible due insufficient amount tokens required the bet simply not wanting risk extra amounts get another incorrect report. not only that, public confirmations tend take days even weeks, which would big issue for regular bettors. while taking all things into consideration marginless decided use hybrid oracle solution that will rather rely official market sources instead public voting. each created market will have hybrid oracle connected that will query independent feeds for the outcomes events. it's time bring power bettors. all queries will provide same result hybrid oracle will resolve the bet accordingly. one more queries will return with different results manual check-up will required avoid wrong pay-outs. extra security measure bettors will notified about the resolutions bets instant manner via web phone application. however the funds will released only minutes after this notification. this will allow users report wrong outcomes, there were any happen. very rare cases where even the extra security layers are not enough and funds would distributed incorrectly actual winners would compensated from reserves fund. it's time bring power bettors. live chat marginless will offer live chatting window every upcoming betting match page. chat will give the users ability speak with bettors live. discuss upcoming matches just talk generally about any topics that comes your mind. this way, you can communicate with like-minded people from all around the world, get more information about different betting strategies even make new friends. there will both secret and public chat options for everyone select. social network integration we, marginless, believe that betting should fun and enjoyed group people who share the same love for sports and adrenaline. that why see marginless platform more social betting network for enthusiasts rather than just simple betting platform. our team has years experience working with betting and social networking, knowing all the needs everyday bettor for platform like this. each registered user will have personalized page with wide variety betting statistics available. users will able not only track their own information our user-friendly system, but also, they will able see which leagues, sports betting matches are the most pro able and where the user needs improve order increase his/her overall winnings. all the users will have the option make their pro available for the public and share their betting insights with the community, making the platform useful even for those who are only interested reading expert insights share their own. top that everyone sharing their betting insights and analysis with other marginless users will rewarded with monthly jackpot raffle tickets that can used win some huge prizes! insights from different users will seen the match screen, which will also feature extensive stats for different teams, leagues and events. it's time bring power bettors. mobile application marginless application simplest and the safest way bet online. integrated social network and face face betting interface will allow bettors wager against friends other users only having phone. bettors will able send and receive bet offers instantly and directly from other app users. after the offer sent, recipient will get notification and will able choose whether accept the bet decline it. the offer accepted, both users will placed unique face face interface where they will able track their bet progress, chat, increase stakes split the pot both parties agree. users will also allowed follow other tipsters and receive push notifications after certain-followed tipster places public bet writes analysis. web wallet functionality will accessible via app too. become bookmaker becoming bookmaker has never been easy! marginless will allow bettors and organizations open their own betting pages under our unique "become bookmaker" system that will run with mrs tokens. this feature will available only for accounts holding mrs tokens more (subject change). it's time bring power bettors. whilst lot bettors have the dream becoming bookmaker one day currently this dream reachable only for very few due platform building and maintenance costs. marginless here change that! finally step into bookmakers' shoes all you need choose your markets from provided list even create unique ones, select market rules where needed (inclusion/exclusion overtimes etc.), choose between riskier safer plans selecting your starting margins and you are good go! marginless platform will provide full events and hybdrid oracles integration, risk-management and accounting services that are needed for full system usability. all this while charging only (subject change) monthly gross profit mrs from profitable betting pages. all collected fees will allocated further system development and maintenance costs. order bet against betting page owner, other marginless users will need transfer their mrs tokens from main wallet into betting page wallet. this process will usually take under minute and there will transfer fees. it's time bring power bettors. social network mvp tipstershub tipstershub.com social sports betting network that allows its users share their insights with fellow bettors, keep track their statistics and earn money for doing so. tipstershub was founded team sports betting enthusiasts who wanted provide bettors with better chances betting the bookies and their unreasonably high margins. didn't take long for tipstershub become the most popular sports betting social network lithuania. alone, tipstershub paid out over euros for bettors that were using the system, gathering over thousand registrations lithuania alone (to put that into perspective, current population lithuania somewhere around million only). currently, over betting tips are being placed the system daily. marginless will integrate several the main tipstershub functions into it's system. bettors will able track their betting statistics, share their insights and learn from the most professional tipsters following their betting tips daily. it's time bring power bettors. monthly jackpot every month, all collected fees will monthly jackpot that can won any active bettor analyzer. monthly jackpot will split into equal parts and will won three users that participated our jackpot. for example, have mrs token jackpot. any user, who has one more tickets, can join. when the jackpot over, mrs tokens will split into three equal parts and will given randomly three lucky winners. users will receive jackpot tickets for completing various tasks: jackpot achievements all bets tickets will received for achieving win streaks and for also achieving different tasks. full list tasks will provided before the launch our social betting network, don't forget regularly check our social media and website for updates. collected fees jackpot betting insights fees raffle tickets will issued for sharing betting analysis with other users. what this means that you share your bet analysis with fellow bettors, you will receive one raffle ticket per analysis. with that raffle ticket you can join our jackpot. jackpot jackpot wagered amounts for every mrs wagered throughout the month you will receive one ticket. you wager mrs tokens you will receive two tickets and on. betting insights achievent it's time bring power bettors. wagered amount token and token sale information mrs eth apr apr mrs eth apr apr mrs eth apr apr mrs eth apr may mrs may may pre-ico* *hard cap pre-ico eth soft cap eth hard cap eth team founders (locked for year) reserve airdrop affiliate jackpot accounting reserves (locked for days) marketing legal token sale token distribution development token allocation it's time bring power bettors. road map january may july february tipstershub beta launch first seed injections tipstershub beta launched january and quickly became marginless idea received first seed injections mvp idea the most popular betting social from various angel investors after working with hundreds platform baltic countries. idea social betting network, and team members bettors, our team has made where bettorscan share their insights, list main issues they face every track their stats andearn money day and possible solutions. for doing was born. preparations for project launch began. april april may team and endorsers expansion public sale start first public ico round that will available everyone with bonuses for early contributors. november pre-ico several new team members and endorsers joined team marginless. start our negotiationswith different developmentpartners hour round that will offer bigger bonuses those who have made reservation prior this round (-%). negotiations with international companies with previous experience this market began. early late june early launch marginless esports betting exchange alpha luxury car giveaway social betting network marginless esports teams and brand reveal. alpha version blockchainbased betting exchange. winner bmw will drawn and announced. share your insights, follow your stats and increase your winnings using oursocial betting network. late become bookmaker full marginless network launch ios/android application official launch platform that will change betting forever. access all main marginless functions through your mobile phone. this function will allow user, holding set amount mrs tokens, open personal betting page within marginless system where will able accept bets from other bettors. it's time bring power bettors. late face face betting bet directly against yourfriends fellow bettors. affiliate marginless ico affiliate program free join for everyone. easy sign-up and will require technical knowledge all. you can promote marginless ico and get rewarded with mrs tokens ethereum. how does the program work? marginless affiliate page, select reward type and generate unique affiliate link. you will receive e-mail with further instructions from our affiliate partners that will include your password affiliate system. when user clicks your link, they will brought into our ico landing page and their activity will tracked our affiliate system partners. these users register our website, they will marked with your affiliate id. users will receive extra mrs tokens registered through affiliate link. with every amount payments received from users you have brought our website take part the marginless ico period, the who invited will rewarded with mrs bonus tokens ethereum. example: user clicks your affiliate link and buys mrs tokens, you will receive mrs commission equivalent ethereum! user that you have invited will receive extra mrs tokens this purchase. you will able track your performance through our affiliate partners. it's time bring power bettors. where can publish affiliate link? when you join our affiliate program, you will given specific affiliate link connect your account. you can place your affiliate link your websites, social media pages, forums, telegram groups, tweets and other platforms. please visit our affiliate page read full rules and regulations. legal disclaimer important notice! please carefully read this legal disclaimer. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor and not contribute. it's time bring power bettors. the purpose this whitepaper present the marginless and mrs token potential token holders connection with the proposed initial coin offering (ico). the information set forth below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. its sole purpose provide relevant and reasonable information potential token holders order for them determine whether undertake thorough analysis the company with the intent acquiring mrs. nothing this whitepaper shall deemed constitute prospectus any sort solicitation for investment, nor does any way pertain offering solicitation offer buy any securities any jurisdiction. this document not composed accordance with, and not subject to, laws regulations any jurisdiction, which are designed protect contributors. the product token not digital currency, security, commodity, any other kind financial instrument and has not been registered under the securities laws any country, including the securities laws any jurisdiction which potential token holder resident. the english language whitepaper the primary official source information about the marginless and mrs. the information contained herein may from time time translated into other languages used the course written verbal communications with existing and prospective customers, partners etc. the course such translation communication some the information contained herein may lost, corrupted, misrepresented. the accuracy such alternative communications cannot guaranteed. the event any conflicts inconsistencies between suck translations and communications and this official english language whitepaper, the provisions this english language original document shall prevail. anyone purchasing mrs expressly acknowledges and represents that she/he has carefully reviewed this whitepaper and fully understands the risks, costs and benefits associated with the purchase mrs. it's time bring power bettors. information this whitepaper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding marginless, the mrs, and the marginless ico (each referred the whitepaper). you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser regarding marginless and their respective businesses and operations, the mrs, and the marginless ico (each referred the whitepaper). you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any purchase tokens for indefinite period time. the purchaser mrs undertakes that she/he understands and has experience cryptocurrencies, blockchain systems and services, and that she/he fully understands the risks associated with ico well the mechanism related the use cryptocurrencies (incl. storage). mrs token cannot used for any purposes other than provided this white paper, including but not limited to, any investment, speculative other financial purposes. mrs token confers other rights any form, including but not limited any ownership, distribution (including, but not limited to, profit), redemption, liquidation, property (including all forms intellectual property), other financial legal rights, other than those specifically set forth below. mrs not grant their holder ownership the marginless equity marginless the right participate the control, direction, decision making marginless. individuals, business and other organizations shall carefully weigh the risks, costs and benefits acquiring mrs. according the professional opinion our legal advisors, based the howey test our mrs should not deemed securities and not need registered security. mrs tokens are not securities. you acknowledge, understand, and agree that mrs are not securities and are not registered with any government entity security, and shall not considered such. you acknowledge, understand, and agree that ownership mrs does not grant you the right receive profits, income, other payments returns arising from the acquisition, holding, management disposal of, the exercise of, the redemption of, the expiry of, any right, interest, title benefit the marginless marginless platform any other it's time bring power bettors. marginless property, whole part. mrs are not official legally binding investments any kind. case unforeseen circumstances, the objectives stated this document may changed. despite the fact that intend reach all goals described this document, all persons and parties involved the purchase mrs their own risk. may not able pay any anticipated rewards the future. there assurance that there will sufficient engagement the marginless platform such that you will receive any financial rewards discounts. marginless has performed several market studies testing the demand for the marginless platform with relatively positive results, marginless platform has not been fully developed and finalized and subject further changes, updates, and adjustments prior its launch. such changes may result unexpected and unforeseen effects its projected appeal users, possibly due the failure meet user's preconceived expectations based the beta version, and hence, impact its success. for the foregoing any other reason, the development the marginless platform and launch marginless future business lines may not completed and there assurance that will launched all. the funds raised the ico are exposed risks theft. the company will make every effort ensure that the funds will securely held blockchain wallets. notwithstanding such security measures, there assurance that there will theft the cryptocurrencies result hacks, sophisticated cyber-attacks, distributed denials service errors, the smart contract(s) the ethereum any other blockchain, otherwise. such event, even the ico completed, the company may not able receive the cryptocurrencies raised and marginless may not able use such funds for the development the marginless platform. such case, the launch the marginless platform and the structuring and licensing the marginless future business lines might temporarily permanently curtailed. regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing business and operations associated with cryptocurrencies throughout the world, therefore regulatory measures, investigations, actions may impact marginless business and even limit prevent from developing its operations the future. all persons must informed that marginless business model, the whitepaper, terms and conditions may change it's time bring power bettors. modified due regulatory and compliance requirements from any applicable law any jurisdiction. such case, purchasers and anyone undertaking acquire mrs acknowledge and understand the neither marginless nor any its affiliates shall held liable for any direct indirect loss damage caused such changes. july the securities and exchange commission united states america ruled that some tokens can considered securities and are thereby subject the agency's regulation. taking into consideration this, marginless not offering mrs citizens and residents until further clarification the regulation securities and other responsible authorities. moreover, citizens and residents the people's republic china and south korea cannot participate the pre-sale marginless ico all. all mrs token orders are deemed firm and final. only reserved mrs tokens may subsequently canceled the client request. the client acknowledges that they are fully aware that they will not entitled claim any full partial reimbursement under any circumstances whatsoever. mrs will issued the ethereum blockchain. therefore, any failure malfunctioning the ethereum protocol may lead the trading network mrs not working expected. additionally, down-cycle economic environment, marginless may experience the negative effects slowdown trading and usage the marginless platform and may delay cancel the structuring and launch the anticipated marginless future business lines. the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, marginless shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income pro and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this white paper any part thereof you. it's time bring power bettors. accessing and/or accepting possession any information this white paper such part thereof, you represent and warrant marginless follows: you agree and acknowledge that the mrs not constitute securities any form any jurisdiction; you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any jurisdiction solicitation for investment securities and you are not bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment the basis this whitepaper; you agree and acknowledge that the case where you wish purchase any tokens, the mrs are not construed, interpreted, classified treated as: any kind currency other than cryptocurrency; debentures, stocks shares issued any person entity; rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares; units collective investment scheme; units business trust; derivatives units business trust; any other security class securities. you agree and acknowledge that the development marginless platform subject further changes, updates and adjustments prior its launch. therefore, you agree and acknowledge that the development the marginless platform and launch marginless future business lines may not completed and there assurance that will launched all; you have basic degree understanding cryptocurrencies, blockchain based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology; you agree and acknowledge that marginless not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this white paper any part thereof you; it's time bring power bettors. you aware and acknowledge that you are familiar with all related regulations the specific jurisdiction which they are based and that purchasing cryptographic tokens that jurisdiction not prohibited, restricted subject additional conditions any kind. scenario where less than mrs tokens are sold until the end public sale (may st) all purchases mrs tokens will refunded for full sum. mrs are blockchain tokens which are digital tokens created blockchain part decentralized software protocol. mrs are tokens issued the eutheruem platform the basis erc. mrs are utility tokens designed support the development marginless platform well the measure used the betting face face. therefore, any failure maltfunctioning the etheruem protocol may lead the trading network mrs not working expected. marginless pays serious attention kyc and anti-fraud issues order provide customers with transparent business model that safe with minimal risk. order ensure that services marginless are not utilized unwanted and illegal elements further their illegal motives, marginless intend facilitate its operation means: (i) conducting ongoing due diligence about its customers and verifying its customers; (ii) highlighting suspicious customers and operations. it's time bring power bettors. marginless seeks bring power back bettors industry leading lowest margins, face face betting even your own betting market! website https://www.marginless.io/ facebook https://www.facebook.com/marginlesscommunity/ tweeter https://twitter.com/marginlessnet youtube https://www.youtube.com/channel/uclufljwwpadurmzlascta medium https://medium.com/@marginless/ reddit https://www.reddit.com/r/marginlessnetwork/ instagram https://www.instagram.com/marginless/ it's time bring power bettors.