next generation internet open source platform for the creation and vr- compatible online spaces (sites) and objects, powered blockchain. mark.space introduction blockchain -powered milestone the development the internet the core idea development plans mark.space districts the mark.space ecosystem content creation goods and services distribution, and consumption distribution wealth distributed rendering synergy real and virtual economies mark.space dimensions mark.space districts mark.space community district mark.space residential district mark.space shopping district mark.space business district other districts creation custom objects and applications unit description current state the prototype technology current prototype architecture and capabilities current user profile features current social interactions capabilities future architecture overview languages, protocols, frameworks other platform technical details real estate exchange rental contracts advertising engine distributed rendering distributed rendering technology challenges mark.space object scripting language mosl economy mrk token monetization for community members monetization for residents monetization the shops monetization for businesses executive team token sale schedule recommended allocation token allocation token sale funds allocation development roadmap abstract mark.space open-source platform for the creation d/vr spaces and objects any purpose, well their quick launch and integration into unique ecosystem. the platform maintained crypto economy and powered blockchain. mark.space supports all internet browsers (preferably chrome) and, the same time, compatible with cardboard, oculus and htc vive. desktop notebook all that needed create state-of-the-art store, office, community other space for business entertainment. the mark.space universe consists multiple spaces (units), which each unit can linked directly its own top-level domain. the property right the units guaranteed recording all transactions involving units (creation, sale, purchase rental) the blockchain. all unit owners may buy, sell rent their units others using smart contracts. mark.space has internal currency the mark token (mrk), which utility token (not paper bond) allowing all users sell and buy spaces and objects, consume various goods and use services, pay salaries their employees and buy ads promote their businesses through the mark.space platform. gpu-miners who will rendering spaces and objects for the platform's users will also receive rewards mrk tokens (proof work (pow) concept). mark.space the next stage the internet's development introduction blockchain-powered milestone the development the internet introduction the the italian sci-fi writer lino aldani described world which onirofilm provided multi-sensory medium that stimulated the minds those seeking escape from reality. onirofilm was early precursor virtual reality. then, some twenty-five years ago, neal stephenson's science fiction novel "snow crash" was published. the novel, stephenson presented the concept "metaverse" collective, virtual shared space which commonly referred the future iteration the internet. project "there" was launched, which users, appearing avatars, addition socializing, could purchase objects and services using virtual currency called "therebucks" purchasable for real money. with the initial creation the internet, nobody imagined that would achieve its current scale. and when the first onlinestore was launched, the owners most businesses believed that e-commerce had future. yet online shopping has already become rapidly growing market, expected reach the end likewise, when cryptocurrencies first burst onto the scene, very few took them seriously. nowadays, global society getting used the idea that bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are becoming significant part the world economy. follows similar path, that took long time bring the technology its present level. today, most people grasp that incredible technology that opens unlimited possibilities. has truly become the future, and one which already live. mega-brands, such google, facebook, sony and many others are collectively spending billions dollars developing technology. the internet has already been developing for fairly long time, but know that the most important change yet come. the advent the internet. have arrived point where introduction the technologies for virtual reality (vr), augmented reality (ar), mixed reality (mr), and cryptocurrencies could merge into fully functional ecosystem order create economy that would enhance, complement and, someday, completely replace the entire online economy know today. the goal the mark.space platform fully develop and implement this idea. the core idea when started developing mark.space came across serious challenges that had solved realize our ideas, because was rather complicated technology (and still is), terms content production and usability. create and launch any type project, such game, online store social network name few examples was necessary engage team professional developers, consuming large amounts time and money. the same time, audiences grew slowly, due users wishing consume content having buy specialized, expensive equipment, such vr-glasses and headsets, controllers, etc. another limitation was the need comfortable and safe location use these gadgets. are proud say that have found way bypass all these difficulties! the main idea mark.space give the world easy tool create and launch any vr/d project, and quickly, without significant costs. secondly, all projects created our platform will accessible from most ordinary devices, such pcs, laptops, tablets smartphones through any web-browser and without the need use vr-headset. the project was conceived with the idea leveraging the technologies that had just appeared, create world where everything would resemble real life closely possible. have invested years and more than personal funds into technology research, the making prototypes and getting feedback from businesses. all this resulted the creation the platform and are ready demonstrate the capabilities has today (check out the demo http://demo.mark.space/). there need download any client program; need for expensive introduction vr-gadgets and powerful computers just your ordinary device and browser your choice! instead surfing the net, you can now travel through and around the world, and it's going appear just the way are used real life, all thanks the birth technology. while there are many existing projects, none them currently comparable the technology. logic and driving force based advanced mathematical algorithms that have developed, aiming provide maximum precision visualization. today, our company has digitized entire shopping malls with branded stores, including all the details interiors and complete product lines. additionally, have created working prototype social platform, where each user can design their own virtual space and fill with furniture, paintings and other details interior decoration. users can also add different types content, such youtube videos, instagram photos, well audio and text files. the templates various spaces are available, including personal apartments, exhibition halls, gaming clubs, restaurants, movie theatres, and offices that could used the headquarters companies. development plans after the token sale, our prototype will further enhanced include the functionality described the next section. the goal achieve full decentralization for the benefit both users and those providing computational capacity and storage resources. this will enable rich functionality from the platform. mark.space districts mark.space districts the mark.space ecosystem the mark.space ecosystem modelled the real-world economy and has similar features. the real-world economy consists the production, distribution, and consumption goods and services. well-functioning economies, wealth created and further redistributed. let's see how typical economic cycle implemented the mark.space ecosystem. content creation the mark.space platform designed give users all the necessary tools for content creation. the current prototype allows for the creation residential, shared and business spaces (offices and malls), filled with preselected custom elements furniture, interior design, appliances and multimedia content. the future, there will option add any usercreated digital content like articles, books, paintings and music. present, are developing our own scripting language that going make possible for users create their own objects and applications. alternatively, you can already easily virtualize the interior any existing premises using deg camera and importing mark.space. goods and services distribution, and consumption the mark.space shopping area will allow both the distribution goods produced the real world and any content created within the platform. this will include the ability sell custom elements furniture and decor created users (our platform already facilitates this) well carry out operations with entire personal business spaces acquired users previously. freelancers will able create their own virtual offices for advertising and selling their services. the ability for all users advertise common areas (like sidewalks roads) between buildings and mall interiors will also implemented. will possible use tokens earned users further the value creation cycle. mark.space districts distribution wealth just like with regular real estate, virtual locations will have longterm tendency increase value, due added details and scarcity the virtual spaces. once created, well-designed and unique, and filled with quality content, personal spaces will attract many visitors, thus making them valuable economic assets. store the mark.space shopping district will transparent, showing its income statement, balance sheet and cash flows, and thereby becoming real asset, which can evaluated using conventional methods. there are assets sold, businesses like real estate agencies could appear, offering their services the public. distributed rendering the enormous computational capacities amassed cryptocurrency miners are going serve the backbone for the new emerging crypto economy. the huge amounts content generated various mark.space districts will have rendered. this provides great opportunity for miners generate revenue providing their computational resources for the distributed rendering mark.space spaces. this just one the ways which internal economy extends the real world. synergy real and virtual economies products made the real world will sold different stores within the mark.space shopping district. various existing businesses will broaden their presence the mark.space business district. platform users who have their apartments the mark.space residential district will share them via social networks, driving more traffic into all existing mark.space districts. new and curious visitors will able explore the districts and enter shopping malls. artists, for example, will create their picture gallery (or fully virtualize the existing gallery) the mark.space business district, also attracting flow users. the virtual and real economies will merge together using the power synergy its fullest. mark.space districts mark.space dimensions the mark.space platform consists cities that, according certain rules, community, company person can create their own. the first city the platform will launched according the roadmap. the number cities the system unlimited. city virtual space with maximum estimated area which divided into districts, blocks and units. the owner city establishes the rules for registration, the sale and rental cost units, well transaction commissions and conditions for advertising; the owner retains the right the domain name. minimum city values: one city district one district block one block units one unit box maximum city values: one city districts one district blocks one block units one unit boxes total one city: districts blocks units boxes district space with maximum estimated area ,,m, divided into blocks and units. district can have exclusive owner, who: establishes their own rules for the sale and lease units; determines what types units may enter the area; creates digitizes the basic design the district (blocks can have one basic different designs); can connect the district its own domain name. mark.space districts block space with maximum estimated area divided into units, streets, and intersections. the neighbourhoods can connect each other and operate according the rules the district. block may have exclusive own owner, who: may establish their own rules for the sale and lease units, well the block's appearance; and can connect block its own domain name. pic typical district layout unit space with maximum estimated area ,m, which can consist boxes. the minimum required number one box, the maximum being boxes. unit has street exit and entrance, leading the location other units (websites). the owner unit determines its appearance, places objects inside the virtual space, and fills them with content. there are several types units that differ functionality: residential shopping business communities education entertainment mark.space districts unit has its own web-address and may also connected its own domain name. thus, the unit three-dimensional website that works most devices and supports vr, ar, and html technologies. managing unit made simple possible and can done with in-house visual designer. box space with estimated area which acts according the same rules the unit in, but without street access. one can rent one more boxes. each box can have any appearance. all boxes are the same type unit which they are attached. boxes not have their own domain name and cannot sold. mark.space districts initially, there will just four districts: residential, business, community and shopping, but the future new types districts will added, such education and entertainment districts. mark.space community district mark.space community district, the name already suggests, will dedicated entirely various communities formed and united common interest. community could organize itself and claim certain number units. large communities could claim entire buildings, they wish and have sufficient funds support it. for example, imagine music lovers' community which occupies whole building named after the famous track leonard cohen "tower song". each unit could decorated fans the artists themselves, displaying various artefacts, including musical instruments, disks, vinyl's and on. artists' portraits could grace the walls. the radio could playing the artist's music. most this functionality already available the current prototype. communities may even form decentralized autonomous organization (dao). dao organization that run smart contracts stored the blockchain. are monitoring the project development aragon and the future, may consider integrating with avoid duplicating similar functionality. mark.space districts mark.space residential district the residential district allows any user one two things: digitize their real apartment/condo/house using deg camera (in the not distant future will possible with regular smartphone) create dream residence using various designs and furniture items currently available the system. will also possible upload your own designs and objects. once it's done, you could post the link with its unique address any the existing social networks. for the first time, your friends from the other side the world will have the chance visit your home. you may choose virtualize only particular rooms areas the house. for example, your home-based music recording studio garage where you work rebuilding your mercedes sl. the current prototype, this virtualization evgeni malkin's apartment famous hockey player) that you could visit. evgeni also one the main investors our project. pic evgeni malkin's apartment within mark.space residential district mark.space districts entire buildings could bought anybody with the aim reselling renting the units the public. for example, movie star decides purchase building and name after themselves. they spend money decorate the units how they wish and then offer each unit for sale the platform. mark.space shopping district four shopping malls have already been virtualized our team demonstrate the capabilities our platform. special attention has been placed enhancing the technology required sell clothes vr. present, you could select particular item clothing and put model our fitting room and see how would look real person. the accuracy precise that most people don't even realize they're looking photograph. fashion stores occupy least any major mall and have already perfected this technology. pic sony nike windows mark.space shopping district mark.space districts pic loro piana store mark.space shopping district pic loriblu store mark.space shopping district mark.space districts pic fitting service mark.space shopping district brands that are not ready launch fully functional store could still create showroom that would promote their merchandise and drive traffic their physical stores. for example, furniture various home decor stores. toy stores are great candidates well. electronics stores tesla dealerships could also choose create virtual showroom that would attract significant visitor traffic. are currently negotiating with various partners interested having store our first shopping mall that will launched december mark.space business district today, many companies market their services online. sometimes these companies not even have physical offices. technology allows any reputable company mark.space districts virtualize their office and allow visited potential customers. whether you are looking for lawyer trying choose movie production studio, thinking about hiring outsourcing firm considering visiting plastic surgery clinic, having the ability first visit their virtual premises will help you make the right decisions. imagine company that has recently managed successful token sale having its own virtual office that any investor could visit. you walk down the hall you see offices lisk, aethernity, tezos, civic, waves, eos, and the like. token sale promotion agencies could purchase office right next the ethereum foundation. copywriters could purchase office right next door. with the mark.space platform will take just deg camera and few hours work make this possible. any freelancer artist could create their own office. for reference, please see the picture below which was created with our system. pic ethereum foundation mark.space business district mark.space districts pic office mark .space business district other districts are not limiting the project capabilities only the four districts mentioned above. the future may add more. educational district could possible candidate. solutions for education are some the most tangible applications from the monetization perspective. creation custom objects and applications are developing mark.space scripting language for virtual machine interface that will make possible for the users create their own objects and applications. this going open unlimited possibilities for both making the interior any space more diverse and offering more opportunities for monetization. mark.space districts unit description the mark.space universe consists large number spaces (units). each unit can linked directly its own toplevel domain. the private property units guaranteed recording all transactions with units (creation, sale rental) the blockchain. min unit size box) max unit size unit prices unit type main price additional box maintenance cost per year residential for free, mrk per each extra mrk per each commercial (shopping, office) mrk mrk community mrk mrk street mrk -------- after registration each user will receive one residential unit for free however, reserve the right opt for other monetization options like in-world advertising. current state the prototype the current prototype already allows for creating personal spaces described above. there great selection decors, furniture, appliances etc. social functions like chat between users are also implemented. launching stores the mark.space shopping district also possible but it's more complex procedure that requires joint effort with brand company wishing open store. you are welcome play around with our current prototype www.demo.mark.space try create your own space using our constructor www.sandbox.mark.space technology current prototype architecture and capabilities technology the current platform based centralized architecture; however, roadmap has been prepared fully decentralize it. our existing platform can automatically detect glasses headsets using web bluetooth and webvr technologies. alternatively, content displayed regular monitor and/or smartphone. using built-in accelerometers, the system can process information from sensors the headset glasses, improve navigation the user the space. voice recognition technology allows the user issue voice commands that are detected and executed the platform. the existing platform front-end implemented using: html/css/javascript/json smx. back-end written in: perl, python, java, node.js, php the protocols used are: vrml/xd, webgl, webd, webvr current user profile features present, each user has access the following personal information: profile settings friends list messages log personal photo gallery personal content (files, documents and links the content sent from other systems) personal blog personal apartment with assigned address that allows visits even from the unregistered users personal belongings, furniture and the elements decor located the apartment technology personal fitting room for storing clothes and trying them gifts from other users personal wallets with mrk tokens balance history purchases purchases planner news feed based subscriptions the other blogs internal users. current social interactions capabilities the platform allows for: message exchanges between users (real time chat) private chat personal blog future architecture overview following the token sale, the current system will fully decentralized and will assume the following architecture. opposed other projects, the future mark.space architecture not just solution relying ethereum virtual machine for smart contracts and implementing core functionality; it's powerful development platform with its own virtual machine and its own internal blockchain, allowing development complex applications its own scripting language (which similar java). the use ethereum smart contracts limited only critical functionality and utilizes the ethereum blockchain. technology additionally, the platform has fully decentralized architecture contrast other projects that just call decentralized. decentralization achieved using three types servers. these servers will picked from the available machines network participants providing their computational and storage resources and one three roles will assigned: data server storage data blocks; receiving, storing and retrieving data. service accepting and executing tasks and returning results. hub storing references data blocks; addresses data servers and services; accepting requests from servers and clients (ui); locating servers for executing tasks and returning data about these servers and access keys. technology servers shown grey are inactive most the time, but are activated when one the active servers fails. servers shown green are fully active and support the functioning the platform. the owners servers will compensated mrk tokens, based the amount work carried out. each data server that receiving data blocks through hubs registers and stores them; also notifies other servers about changes the blocks registry database. the data stored data servers fully decentralized way and replicated least three other servers. the new data block must replicated least three servers before can used. each hub constantly checks the status other hubs notify them about their recent activity. this ensure ultimate consistency data. the client sends requests the closest hub (by address); this hub can't respond the client will issue request the next closest hub. particular hub doesn't have the requested data, will locate another hub containing and return its address the client. the hub will respond the client with the address the data server and access keys that allow the retrieval the data and present the user. portal open code that deployed each server, which allows the server replaced another one without any interruption functionality for the users. this code deployed all servers and can't altered without losing the license allowing its functionality. system each service could have its own code work compliant with common service protocol system. system alternative name for mosl (mark.space object scripting language). system programming language developed for the virtual machine run the portal code. technology the activity servers constantly verified queries from other servers result which portal code self-validated. modification the portal code attempted data data servers altered hacker, the server instantly becomes inactive and group hubs initiates full scan the server. full scan does not detect any issues the server then reactivated. any issues are detected and the server deactivated, can only reactivated again after completion full registration procedure, which includes the complete removal all data from the server. the storage scenes and rendering allows miners earn providing their computational resources. rendering not done real time, but advance rendering every possible perspective the user. technology ethereum smart contracts will used ensure ownership rights virtual real estate assets and custom items created users. various transactions between users businesses will conducted, like purchasing goods services, and regulations for various entities will enforced and implemented (like communities dao). ethereum evm the most widely adopted blockchain-based computing platform with smart contract functionality. however, the platform designed such way that its dependency ethereum minimal enable fast migration (if necessary) nem other ethereum alternatives. mark.space going use its own protocol for distribution storage and rendering among participating nodes, while achieving full bft tolerance and protection from sybil attacks. reputation and incentivization approaches stimulate fair behavior will implemented. languages, protocols, frameworks mark.space going utilize the following: html/javascript solidity ethereum web.js mark.js (internal mark framework) ipfs the web client written pure html/javascript achieve maximum runtime speed. the client will using javascript libraries enable smart contract functionality and for communication with peer nodes. all ethereum smart contracts will written solidity. depending how ethereum solves the challenges scalability (sharding still not implemented) may migrate our code other platforms. technology other platform technical details our current identification system implemented using keys: user open key users get open information about the user; user private key private for each user, stored browser local storage and used for runtime user identification the front-end; user fingertip hidden system key used the back-end and internode communication. users may choose provide full identification remain anonymous. those willing make sure that their ownership particular virtual real estate tied their should providing full identification. addition the existing system, are planning use keybase and other identity systems later, once they become available. real estate exchange any real estate created the user, from shops and even entire blocks could offered for sale mark.space real estate exchange. user could create, for example, smart contract for real estate sale, processed ethereum evm. such contract will signed the user, then processed and deployed. transactions will broadcast and, subsequently, confirmed. clients will then pass one the data servers. another user, willing buy this particular piece real estate could review the contract and decide make purchase transaction paying the price set mrk tokens the seller. typical ethereum smart contract execution would follow. rental contracts rentals are also governed smart contracts written solidity. these contracts are self-enforcing agreements between two parties similar regular rental transaction the real world. such contract creation, deployment and execution are similar the sale contract described above. the platform will have more complex contract creation functionality, which virtual real estate agency could get involved one the parties the contact. technology advertising engine the number users grows, consider in-world advertising one the forms monetization. due the complexity such engines are considering using third-party solutions developed specifically for ads. right now are the process selecting providers. official announcement will made once have made our decision. distributed rendering distributed rendering technology challenges for smooth experiences there must delay less than between head movement and the image appearing before the eyes. while this challenging even device, make this happen distributed environment even harder. most images mark.space are already rendered and can quickly opened users' devices. however, the speed adding new partners the platform great importance, these partners may, turn, need unique designs that also require rendering. rendering all possible perspectives user required advance, but this comes with serious challenges, terms both required bandwidth and the volume data. both internet bandwidth and the computational resources modern gpus are constantly growing and what seems impossible today could possible just the time the technology itself ready. even distributed environments, data storage will tend become cheaper over time. have seen many similar challenges being resolved, don't consider this obstacle that should stop from implementing our own rendering solution while others are also working it. someone solves the problem before us, would happy use third-party solution. today, multiple companies, like golem and others, are creating solutions for distributed rendering. solution address the issues rendering speed distributed environment, will using the following approach: all available miners' machines/farms will given certain short computational test tasks determine both their computational capacity and speed round trips. only those satisfying the requirements will able join the network and make money providing resources. decentralized approach has its pluses technology and minuses compared its centralized counterpart. miner networks today are becoming very impressive size and scale; therefore, would quite possible that miner farm located within proximity will rendering your experience within mark.space, which case will become very similar centralized solutions terms performance. one the significant advantages mark.space technology superb compression, which makes running everything smoothly even very weak devices possible. this will great assistance when developing our own distributed and decentralized rendering solutions. among all the uses distributed computing, rendering one the easiest implement. the output deg camera easy decompose scheme which, turn, further decomposed into single frames. every frame then again decomposed into pixels. each pixel could rendered separately, independent other pixels. the simplistic description rendering casting ray from particular position determine intersections ray with the objects' surface. each gpu today used mining rigs has parallel stream processors. thousands such gpus working parallel could render any scene less than second. technology miner rigs would used two roles: "scheduler" and "worker". scheduler would assign the rendering pixel group pixels workers, collect the results and pass back the client. since the environment trustless, the schedulers would have make deposit security guarantee honest behavior. there will redundancy (x) repeating the same rendering tasks the worker machines make the system byzantine fault tolerant. rendering results will checked against each other make sure that rendering successfully completed. scheduler and worker machines will put place checking their performance for both functions. nodes with good ratings would have higher chance getting more rendering jobs. mark.space object scripting language mosl one the most powerful features the mark.space platform the ability create any custom objects, interactive software components even entire spaces like store within the mark. space shopping district, complete with desired functionality. this achieved using the language have developed specifically for technology this purpose. mosl language similar javascript for creating objects within mark.space, allowing the implementation of: visual presentation object movement object visual effects object; showing content when interacting with object; content control function when interacting with object; custom functionality object. mosl allows not only the display objects spaces, but also the implementation particular use cases with object desired the object creator. allows apis called from personal objects directory, the mark.space api, the api financial transactions using mrk tokens, rendering api, other apis well third parties' apis. the following short description mosl internals: the reflection space formed the interface canvas container the format webgl library. this reflection similar sphere with -sided cubic scan. also, separate containers objects are formed (furniture, decor, items, avatars etc) and positioned the space. those containers are interactive and can respond user requests. visualization code these objects generated vrml/ virtual reality modelling language (for non-interactive objects without additional functionality with some built-in functionality) mosl (for interactive objects with their own unique functionality). then, objects' code interpreted mark virtual machine (mvm) and the sphere space containers and object containers are modified result. economy mrk token economy mrk erc standard token that will issued the ethereum blockchain. the mrk token will used for all transactions across the mark.space platform. you could earn mrk tokens by: selling renting your units even blocks and entire districts; selling your products services; selling your custom objects; selling ads; selling digital content. our goal enable many economic interactions possible. mark.space modelled the real world; the same way its economy modelled the real-world economy. monetization for community members communities will have public wallets governed dao. advertising going one the most significant sources income for communities. various communities created the mark.space platform will have the opportunity organize events. community members will able participate person through their avatars. selling tickets these events those elected the community could cover the costs related keeping the community alive and functioning. the community may choose open store within the mark. space shopping district and sell various merchandise. for example, indie rock community could sell cds and economy recordings community members which include various bands. another example would open-source project that willing create presence engage discussions and live communication with its member community. such communities could advertise its mrk wallet address accept donations support further development the product. monetization for residents while the main purpose the mark.space residential district allow everybody create their own virtual residence, there are possible monetization options. for example, person using airbnb rent out their apartment could virtualize using deg camera (and smartphone the future) and place link with the address the airbnb website. the ability virtualize your existing residence, coupled with real estate marketplace/rental functionality within the platform, opens exciting opportunity implement both rental functionality and tokenize properties. competition with companies like airbnb becomes possible. airbnb today $bn company. real-life freelancers work from home, you could the same mark.space. you are freelance artist you could set your personal exhibition and sell art-works. you are blogger, takes blogging whole new level adding many capabilities add all types visual content your blog and, once you've built sizeable audiences, sell ads the platform. monetization shops selling digital content like music, videos, books, images well real merchandise mark.space shopping district shops offers exciting opportunities for entrepreneurs around the world the first monetize technology mature enough finally allow fully operational stores. economy owners brick-and-mortar stores could virtualize their stores first step towards allowing potential customers see the quality merchandise and services ahead visiting the real-life stores. this will boost customer traffic the existing physical stores. the next state will the creation fully functional stores. we've perfected the technology for selling clothes vr. potential buyers just need provide few measurements their body guarantee perfect fit. early token sale participants have unique opportunity buy many units even buildings for eventual resale, setup their own shops entire shopping malls. monetization for businesses having your existing office fully virtualized helps you gain the trust your customers. your office the face your company and most people prefer deal with well-established businesses that have been around for long time. your virtual office could enhanced with banners promoting your services products. could also include talking bots. all these elements will boost the number potential customers. any projects planning token sale can buy their units next existing successful projects which have already set office the mark.space business district. executive team yana kontorovich ceo founder phd economics entrepreneur, investor -years experience e-commerce, years investing experience, years fashion industry executive team evgeni malkin co-founder and owner virtual spaces within the platform professional hockey player -times stanley cup winner -times world champion oleg ershov co-founder denis polulyakhov, co-founder marketing professional, entrepreneur. years experience event marketing, years internet marketing. launched projects: monster mania, moda mark. it-entrepreneur with years experience. founder carbyn blockchain group, cco moda mark (fashion e-commerce), executive team vladislav utushkin marketer, entrepreneur vladimir shliapin cto years experience active sales top bank group. years experience internetmarketing. ceo co-founder "rvr project" entrepreneur, professional with years experience master's degree mathematics alexander shtankovsky head developers, it-developer siruz faramarz head department msc mathematics. years experience it. launched project: site makers. years experience visualization production, years product design. launched projects: mall mark, mark.space. token sale token sale schedule participants understand and accept that the they can send amount eth btc the date the beginning the mrk token sale into smart contract system ethereum and receive amount mrk tokens exchange. the minimum contribution amount eth btc the maximum contribution amount (five hundred) eth (fifty) btc please remember that all transaction amounts all times fluctuate based the applicable exchange rate either eth btc. the hard-cap stage usd the price one mrk token set forth usd and increases with time, depending the stage the token crowdsale campaign. stage dates token price round pre-sale round token sale round token sale round token sale round token sale round token sale market price token sale soft-cap mark.space has already invested more than million personal funds the development the platform and currently has working prototype (https://demo.mark.space). december designer kit was launched and made available all users. addition, the platform already has agreements cooperation with such partners jaguar land rover, gas jeans, desigual, trussardi, baldinini, patricia pepe, liu-jo, dstrezzed, satorisan and others. therefore, there need for soft-cap installation. however, thanks the token sale and the influx additional funding, the team will able develop, scale and promote the platform much faster and more efficiently. token sale recommended allocation tokens sale tokens, mln tokens freezing time angel fund token sale months token sale fund rendering fund months liquidity fund months core team months consultants months angels months months bounty fund total, mln: products cross sale liquidity fund mark.space will have system members selling products and services. payment for goods and services will carried out using online payments various types, with both conventional and cryptocurrencies accepted. support the stability our market, are creating liquidity fund with volume million mrk. will work follows: users prefer pay for purchases regular currency, automatically converts mrk according the current exchange rate and sent the seller. seller can save their mrks automatically convert them fiat cryptocurrency their choice. this means that both sides can fully work with conventional money without the use cryptocurrency, they wish, which very important for large multinational companies. mark.space open all types companies and consumers. alternatively, users can make transactions other popular cryptocurrencies, such token sale btc eth, without mrk. they can also use only mrk any combination currencies btc, eth well conventional currencies. inside the platform itself, mark.space only works with mrk, each transaction being saved the blockchain, which ensures transparency and traceability transactions. support such wide range payment options, need stable liquidity fund, which will support automatic conversion from external means payment mrk and vice versa. rendering fund for decentralized rendering, computational resources accumulated cryptocurrency miners can used. until the system enters stable financial regime, certain period will required during which the owners computing resources (miners) will paid for services from the fund. immediately after the creation and sale new units buildings spaces, the rendering fund will replenished. let's take closer look the distribution the released tokens. widely known that less than tokens are sold, large funds will reluctant participate. therefore, our wellinformed decision put less them for sale. breathe life into the project, necessary create large and lively community, and prefer attract many medium and small contributors possible. these contributors who will bring our districts life. token sale funds allocation core team angels r&d development marketing indirect (office, salary, legal, etc) technology infrastructure road map development roadmap may june idea formation, mark.space concept development july september marketing research, hypotheses confirmation october december functional requirements definition, team formation january may development alpha-version engine june august launch and test alpha-version (shopping district only) september november launch and test beta-version (shopping district only) december launch road show platform for fashion brands january may launch e-commerce platform launch with fashion e-commerce proof concept june launch alpha-versions for residential, business and community districts june july development concept and roadmap for decentralization mark.space platform august september selection blockchain technologies for mark.space platform october whitepaper announcement november december pre-sale and constructor launch january february token sale (stage april start virtual estate unit sale july blockchain implementation october launch residential district november december launch shopping district january token sale (stage march launch business district september distributed rendering december mosl language available developer february launch community district april internal advertising network launch road map milestones step step mln. districts residential shopping business community education entertainment blockchain implementation unit registration unit purchase unit sale unit rent registration all transactions mrk tokens copyright verification connecting user servers platform features e-shopping platform connecting social networks objects binding domains units changing unit privacy settings voice control text messages voice messages mln. mln. mln. mln. mln. mln. payment options mrk tokens cryptocurrency credit card integration external services gaming educational entertainment visualization capabilities internal units adding objects uploading interiors for units creating objects (mosl based) unit infrastructure visual /audio effects day and night time customization uploading custom appearance units weather customization sound effects custom playlists technical possibilities mosl programming language distributed rendering security breach resistance wiretapping protection (voice messages) r&d (vr, ar, mr, blockchain, mosl, ipfs etc) smartphone apps creation customized panoramas creation customized objects mln. mln. mln. mln. mln. mln. mln. mln. multiplatform-use browsers (chrome, safari) desktop tablet smartphone multilanguage english japanese chinese russian german french portugese spanish marketing marketing budget internal advertising network unit advertisements external website advertisements (objests) distribution advertising revenue communities traffic attraction through third-party advertising services partnership programs marketplace business identity and authentication document flow smart-contracts crm labor exchange follow social media: mark.space