decentralized high performance computing network vision with the rise machine learning, big data, rendering services and search engines, high performance computing and parallel applications are becoming faster and more demanding. the goal massgrid become the world's largest distributed gpu high-performance cloud computing network. massgrid intends transform the meaningless pow hash computing general parallel computing that could used for practical purpose through our improved pow algorithm and redesigned blockchain network architecture. othe storage and streaming media cloud high-performance computing% computing network services non-it industry data big applications high-performance computing scientific computin artificial intelligence cloud computing high-performance computing road map win/ubuntu version the wallet test the network prototype cpu miner mobile wallet jump pow algorithm official website and mining pool gpu miner gpu virtual machine network alpha version masternode network alpha version masternode netwrok launched gpu virtual machine mainnet technical features jump pow algorithm gpu computing virtualization jump pow algorithm massgrid's patented blockchain technology, can resist quantum attack and asic hardware takeover, make the network safer, fairer and guarantee all network nodes are capable run general parallel algorithm. gpu docker virtualization technology virtualizes remote gpu hardware resources client's devices. gpu docker virtualization enables users freely schedule hardware resources that are physically distributed around the world. smart task distribution massgrid's pp-based exchange system based smart contracts and runtimes, users can customize the functions and pay rules for their specifc requirement, making trading more flexible and extendable. what jump pow algorithm most cryptocurrencies are based fixed hash algorithm, matter how complicated the algorithm and how much space complexity has. the long time there always the risk that mining could replaced asic hardware and finally centralized. jump hash constantly changes blockchain's data changes, jump hash selects one hash algorithm from algorithm pool which contains dozens algorithms according certain rules, the combination hash algorithm which will used constantly changes each block. massgrid will eventually integrate different hash algorithms, design asic for massgrid mining, all hash algorithms must implemented the hardware, only the chip resource will used during computing each time, the rest will idle. taken together, jump hash significantly increases the gpu's energy efficiency relative asic, gpu power consumption and price goes down, gpu-based jump hash pows will outperform asic economically. implementing jump hash our network, can force all pow nodes use the gpu for computing. snefru fsb spectral hash tiger swifft bmw pmac luffa fugue blake cubehash bmw siphash shavite groestl skein echo gost scrypt shabal simd hmac sha hamsi keccak whirlpool haval pow hash algorithm pool massgrid's algorithm pool picks hash algorithms out hundreds, combines the sha family with several dozens other top-secure algorithms. all algorithms have been widely used and tested many application before. jump hash algorithm gpu and asic comparison the programmable hardware structure each computing unit gpu dynamically switches algorithm able achieve hardware resource efficiency only chip resource will used the asic because non- programmable hardware structure, the remaining resource are idle pow computing process select algorithms from the algorithm pool based data use the selected algorithem the hash computing hit and return input blockdata,lastblockdata; list hashids gethashidbydatafactor(blockdata,lastblockdata); temp blockdata; for( hashids){ temp jumphash[id](temp); return temp; our blockchain, every time new data block needs generate, the jump hash algorithm first extracts the data feature the block the previous block, and then selects one several hash algorithm combinations according the features the data. then uses this algorithm combination algorithms for hashing, returning the correct result hit otherwise continuing. pow verification process select algorithms from the algorithm pool based data use the selected algorithem the hash computing test results and return input hashresult ,blockdata,lastblockdata; list hashids gethashidbydatafactor(blockdata,lastblockdata); temp blockdata; for( hashids){ temp jumphash[id](temp); return temp==hashresult; when verifying the legitimacy data block, the jump hash algorithm first extracts the data feature the block the previous block, and then selects one several hash algorithm combinations according the features, uses the algorithm combination algorithms for hashing, and compare the hash results see correct. gpu computing virtualization hash currently the only pow algorithm with great features such adjustable computational complexity, easy verify, data dependence and low data transmission. however, compared hash algorithms general-purpose computing's complexity data dependence and data size varies with requirements, also not easy verify, constraining general computing fit pow can cause problems with poor generality the computational network. allowing users access gpu resources our computing network and allowing them use virtualized gpus perform tasks and paid based hardware performance and usage time, have therefor changed general-purpose parallel pow computing matter virtualized gpu time-shared leasing. the advantages distributed gpu hardware virtualization network are: compatible with almost all gpu-based computing tasks. easy calculate payment based hardware performance and leasing time. scaling flexibly demand. hope introduce cross-platform and efficient gpu virtualization protocol that will agglomerate various types gpu devices into computing resources. the future, hope optimize the architecture that any gpu devices following the virtualization standard without host could directly connect the network. pow node physical gpu device node pow node physical gpu device user node node physical gpu node physical gpu key node pow node physical gpu device pow node physical gpu device node physical gpu user physical gpu node node node the first phase massgrid the second phase massgrid massgrid first implements blockchain network based the version jump hash algorithm that forces all nodes accessing the network use the gpu cpu computing devices. the second phase, massgrid will deploy multiple key nodes the network. pow miners will register their physical gpus the key node. key nodes will maintain list gpu resources. through remote virtualization, the pow miners' physical gpus will mapped users, user will use these resources and pay according hardware performance and leasing time among these nodes, some have gpu devices that efficiently run jump hash algorithms that perform pow computing and provide cryptographic verification services for the entire network. pow resource trade process pow miners, computing users, normal users, and key nodes are connected each other through network they will automatically jump hash pow mining default pow miners will also register their physical gpu key node, and the key node will maintain list gpu resources when users initiate gpu lease request, the request submitted the key node. the key node freezes the user's budget smart contract, establishes virtualized connection for miner's devices and users, and the connected gpu device stops pow mining and begins run the user's computing job the key node finally issues the frozen assets the physical gpu host provider based actual usage. physical gpu first, each keynode maintains large list pow nodes that automatically register itself with key node when accesses the network. pow node users initiate gpu usage requests, submitting budgets and require- send request ments keynode, waiting for keynode evaluations; keynode user requests initiated include: gpu, cpu, memory performance requirements, estimated duration use, etc.; pow node key node verifies the legitimacy the request, assesses the data bandwides/computation requirements and esponds; physical gpu physical gpu pow node scheduling resources from pownode user keynode scheduling resources from pownode pow node physical gpu the request valid, keynode looks for the optimal node for the user the pow network according the needs and the location the user. optimal node assessed according the connection latency between nodes and users, bandwidth and hardware specifications such assessment; physical gpu pow node establish connection keynode user establish connection pow node pow node stop pow mining, and the key node will establish connection for the computing user and the pow node; user gain full access this virtualized device; the key node finally issues the frozen assets the physical gpu host provider based actual usage. physical gpu core team member frank lee huang xiang frank lee one the original bitcoin gurus and has been the cryptocurrency community since the beginning. credited the first miner design btc ltc mining chip his knowledge and experience the industry exceptional. after co-founding and acting cto sports game company, huang highly skilled expert and experienced software development management. the depth and knowledge his skill-set essential for intuitive system design and integration. liu rui hao maxime alexandre dupuis liu ruihao acm award winner and algorithm researcher. has special expertise high performance parallel computing and network. liu and his team have helped several mining company deployed dozens huge mining center across the world. majored economics max has been involved cryptocurrencies since its infancy. and was early investor several top exchange website and mining pools. based china since after has also been involved international business development for many years. perry lei full stack engineer and currently the cto xiao ecosystem company, perry lei has over decade's worth server side experience. addition, was also early investor cryptocurrency and mining hobby since anonymity coming soon foundation member consultant huo huo technology pioneer and famous tech column writer china, he's deep insight technology attracted several million subscriber and half billion page view his personal blog. guo hong cai one the most famous investor chinese crypto currency community, angel investor eth and multiple successful block chain technology projects. guo also funded several the world's biggest cryptocurrency exchange website. wang dong wang cto financial company has years experience developing large scale stock exchange system. wang also the leader big tech team with more than engineers. the system his team running handles and process tens millions deals per day.