matic network scalable, secure and instant blockchain transactions using sidechains, while ensuring asset security using the plasma framework and decentralized network proof-of-stake (pos) validators. decentralized apps are making huge progress but the current blockchain ecosystem not prepared scale per the demand. slow block confirmations, block size limitations and computations smart contract based blockchains need solved before target mass adoption mainstream users. and most importantly, needs awesome user experience. with matic network, aim solve this having plasma-based side-chains top ethereum for high scalability and secure transactions. one the key pillars matic network's ideology user experience which very poor for blockchain applications now. matic team has already built high-quality user experience mobile/web browser libraries (like walletconnect) and tools such dagger which will enable businesses create real-world end-user applications large scale. what matic network? matic provides scalable, secure and instant transactions using sidechains based adapted implementation plasma framework for asset security and decentralized network proof-of-stake (pos) validators. short, allows anyone create scalable dapps while ensuring superior user experience secure and decentralized manner. has working implementation for ethereum ropsten testnet. matic intends support other blockchains the future which will enable provide interoperability features alongside offering scalability existing public blockchains. medium blog what matic network and tech architecture: https://medium.com/matic-network/what-is-matic-network-acae you can also read our whitepaper https://whitepaper.matic.network key things matic wants do: solve scalability providing layer solutions application platform for dapp developers matic (developer experience like stripe for dapps) provide assets interoperability via dexs better ux/ui for mass adoption while having better security and scalability matic intends provide matic wallet, payment apis and sdks, products, and other enabling solutions that will allow developers design, implement and migrate dapps built base platforms like ethereum. matic will also allow cross-chain transfers like btc (using pegging) that way, anyone can trade any currencies matic based dex. user flow for crypto assets matic user deposits crypto assets matic contract the mainchain (currently implemented with ethereum blockchain only) once deposited, tokens get confirmed the mainchain, the corresponding tokens will get reflected the matic chain. the user can now transfer tokens anyone they want instantly with negligible fees. matic chain has faster blocks (approximately second less). that way, the transfer will done almost instantly. once user ready, they can withdraw remaining tokens from the mainchain establishing proof remaining tokens root contract (contract deployed ethereum chain) remember any crypto assets can represented erc erc tokens matic chain. that way, the same method will work for any fungible non-fungible crypto assets like bitcoin, crypto kitties and other tokens/nfts. tech architecture matic ecosystem will have the following actors: end users dapp developers: developers will the businesses who would using matic scale their applications and provide better ui/ux their end users. stakers: stakers need deposit/stake tokens qualify and play very important role the matic network. they validate the transactions and propose checkpoints the mainchain using pos consensus mechanism with majority. they also choose block producers amongst themselves, who satisfy certain criteria, produce blocks the sidechains. block producers: block producers are chosen stakers and enable faster block generation times. they have provide significant stake nominated. matic uses dual strategy proof stake the checkpointing layer and the block producer layer achieve the faster block times while ensuring the high degree decentralization achieving finality the mainchain using checkpoints and fraud proofs (security). anyone can stake their matic tokens root contract become staker the pos checkpointing layer. this provides high degree decentralized base layer for matic chain and ensures liveliness chain. the matic block layer, have block producers selected pos stakers the base layer who will creating the blocks. achieve faster block generation times these block producers will few number. this layer will achieve -second block generation times extremely low negligible transaction fees. this diagram represents how matic works top ethereum enhance the security the transactions, matic also provides fraud proofs the mainchain. this mechanism enables any individual the mainchain submit the details the transactions which he/she thinks fraudulent. the challenge successful, the stakes the parties involved the fraud are slashed and the challenger receives the slashed funds incentive detect the fraud. this can considered ever running high reward bounty program for any parties who want investigate the veracity the transactions the matic network. you can also read our whitepaper https://whitepaper.matic.network for more detail the architecture and fraud proofs. github link our contracts: https://github.com/maticnetwork/contracts user and market adoption want enable multiple systems for users increase adoption like: and other protocols the medium blog explaining how will work matic: https://medium.com/matic-network/dex-on-matic-network-with-x-cdab note that contracts can deployed matic and that's why any relayer like paradex will work matic. that way any user can trade instantly second) without waiting for block confirmations. payments matic will provide interface for users and payment apis and sdks for dapps, merchant, and users instantly accept pay crypto assets (e.g., erc tokens, ethers). have plans roll out this system three phases: ethereum and erc token payments multi-asset cross chain transfer and payment through atomic swaps and liquidity providers fiat enabled payment system through fiat liquidity providers lending platform the matic network will enable platform for merchants assess the creditworthiness connected users via their transaction history. this enables merchants lend tokens users the network when transacting with users that not have sufficient funds. this will use the dharma protocol provide tokenized debt users. games expect games big part the matic network. in-game assets represented nfts (erc) are expected bought, sold and traded huge numbers our sidechains. developers will also able save game state the sidechains they choose to. along with the nft marketplace that will enable, developers and users will truly have fast, efficient and secure sidechain build and play games on. dagger have already started building infrastructure for developers, starting with dagger; notification engine track ethereum accounts and events real-time. you can learn more about dagger here: https://medium.com/matic-network/ethereum-in-realtime-dagger-eedc and check how works: https://medium.com/matic-network/understanding-dagger-dc developers can use dagger track their own smart contracts, accounts, and transactions. they can create custom service integrate with third-party services through ifttt zapier. also launched our ethereum app zapier. using that, anyone can integrate ethereum with thousands other apps ethereum/zapier invitation link: https://zapier.com/platform/public-invite//aaeafbcd/ matic wallet the matic development team working building easy-to-use plasma wallet mobile app, integrated with walletconnect, ensure secure storage keys, intuitive access the features provided the matic network, well seamless mechanism connect browser-based dapps the mobile app. users can interact with dapps browsers and the future many more devices, while still keeping their keys secure their mobile wallet. the matic wallet will act ready tool for dapp developers get their users onboard and working with matic sidechains quickly and efficiently. research generalized state scaling generalized state scaling the next frontier for the matic network, once the matic development team done with implementing micropayments, asset transfers and swaps the first phase development the matic network. this research problem, and will take time and effort accomplish breakthrough here. there are mainly different approaches that the team has been researching and working on: stateful object programming model (separating code and state) state transition verification through zk-snarks state transition verification using evm-in-an-evm construction