who financial ltd.? u.k financial ltd. corporation formed the united kingdom, dedicating itself and its business plan becoming creator and holdings company for all types cryptocurrency investments. it's managers experience the financial arena, particularly with mergers and acquisitions, well ventures into the retail space and knowledge the burgeoning cryptocurrency world, combine make up-and-coming player the world digital currency. the company's holdings include state-of-the-art cryptocurrencies built the ethereum blockchain. it's investments are all types marketable securities and assets addition cryptocurrencies. financial ltd. has created the maya coin for its business and mergers and acquisitions activities, and also the maya preferred coin, which will function monetary instrument for worldwide transfers and payments. bold coins expect break new ground the industry. u.k financial ltd. has sound structure for its holdings developed upon years experience, and possesses strong drive become major player these markets breaking through where others have tried and failed. blockchain the blockchain incorruptible digital ledger economic transactions that can programmed record not just financial transactions but virtually everything value. financial and technology industries alike are combining grand way, giving rise the birth blockchain outside its normal working conditions. blockchain distributed digital ledger designed power and back cryptocurrencies. understanding blockchain before can even fathom what do, need familiar with its underlying technology--the blockchain put simply ledger records organized ,,blocks" that are linked together cryptographic validation. digital storage consensus truth. the key understand that this ledger neither stored centralized location nor managed any single entity, hence its distributed-ness. the block validation system results new transactions being added irreversibly and old transactions preserved forever for all see, hence its transparency and resilience. open-source software that leverage the blockchain technology are called dapps. "as revolutionary sounds, blockchain truly mechanism bring everyone the highest degree accountability. more missed transactions, human machine errors, even exchange that was not done with the consent the parties involved. above anything else, the most critical area where blockchain helps guarantee the validity transaction recording not only main register but connected distributed system registers, all which are connected through secure validation mechanism." understanding blockchain how does blockchain work? the world cryptocurrencies, "block" the name given public transaction. every time the related currency changes hands, whether through mining direct payout, it"s recorded the ledger and made visible all. the ledger has complete history any and all transactions made, forming what chain information. therefore, blockchain essentially huge list transactions, one after the other. here"s where the security comes into play: even though you can open that digital ledger and look any one those transactions blocks, all you can see the item changing hands and how much it"s worth. with currency, for example, you can see that amount bitcoin was transferred from one account another. block transaction cannot altered any parties, including those involved, outside the initial reporting. remains transparent, reliable, and accurate for the life the chain. furthermore, the identities both parties remain anonymous. even your closest neighbor earned millions through recent blockchain transaction, you"d have idea unless they told you directly. that anonymity can seem dangerous times, especially regarding currencies that change hands for many reasons--some unscrupulous. however, can also protect sources several fields when the technology used. consider lawyer sharing sensitive case record person with another law official through secure digital means, with record who has what. what dapp? dapp abbreviated form for decentralized application. dapp has its backend code running decentralized peer-topeer network. contrast this with app where the backend code running centralized servers. these distributed, resilient, transparent and incentivized applications will prove themselves the world remapping the technological landscape. dapp acronym for remembering the five qualities for effective goals dated, achievable, personal, positive and specific. dated: effective goals have specific deadlines. shortterm goals have deadlines few months. short term goal less than year and long term between year and what are dapps? the new decentralized future the birth decentralized applications the concept still its infancy, there might not one definition what dapp is. however, there are noticeable common features dapps: open source ideally, should governed autonomy and all changes must decided the consensus its users. its code base should available for scrutiny. decentralized all records the application"s operation must stored public and decentralized blockchain avoid pitfalls centralization. incentivized validators the blockchain should incentivized rewarding them accordingly with cryptographic tokens. protocol the application community must agree cryptographic algorithm show proof value. for example, bitcoin uses proof work (pow) and ethereum currently using pow with plans for hybrid pow/proof stake (pos) benefits decentralized network while blockchains are uttered under the same breath with cryptocurrency, can stand-alone framework itself. fact, there are several advantages blockchains, even ignore the association with cryptocurrency. immutability perhaps the biggest advantage blockchains their immutability which simply means, nearly impossible hack the data blockchain. say nearly politically correct anything with input can hacked but practically, you can ignore the ,,nearly". the data once uploaded the blockchain cannot changed. data can added later but the original data cannot edited. even the uploader cannot delete the data once uploaded the blockchain. you can even still check the first ever bitcoin transaction made. security blockchain data impossible hack for malicious purposes, the security the data increased infinitely. every security can breached, over time hackers get more sophisticated hardware and software penetrate the security. even the so-called military-grade security breachable. have witnessed too many high profile hacking attacks last few years validate this argument. however, the blockchain data cannot hacked, great advantage the protocol. the user just needs retrieve the data from the chain access it. transparency many protest against government"s and secret organization's secrecy important issues. the job for mulder and scully would have been easier had there been blockchain since, blockchain, everything visible everyone. the data the blockchain can used checked every network user. decentralized data storage blockchain spreads the data all over the network and central server maintained. this reduces the security risk, compared the traditional approach. like said, even the strongest server can hacked into but when the data with thousands network users, either the hacker needs hack all them (which impossible because needs done simultaneously) needs possess computing power overcome the whole network reliability blockchains are absolutely reliable because, unless the whole network failing together, nobody can take down blockchain. technically speaking, even one single user can keep the blockchain alive. considering there are thousands users and there will millions and later billions users, total impossibility that the complete network goes down. thus, unless there global disaster, the data safe, forever. benefits decentralized network ethereum eth ethereum open-source, public, blockchain-based distributed computing platform and operating system featuring smart contract (scripting) functionality. ether can transferred between accounts and used compensate participant mining nodes for computations performed. ethereum distributed public blockchain network. although there are some significant technical differences between the two, the most important distinction note that bitcoin and ethereum differ substantially purpose and capability. bitcoin offers one particular application blockchain technology, peer peer electronic cash system that enables online bitcoin payments. while the bitcoin blockchain used track ownership digital currency (bitcoins), the ethereum blockchain focuses running the programming code any decentralized application. the ethereum blockchain, instead mining for bitcoin, miners work earn ether, type crypto token that fuels the network. beyond tradeable cryptocurrency, ether also used application developers pay for transaction fees and services the ethereum network. ethereum allows people safely interact trustlessly entering into neutrally-enforceable agreements completely peer-topeer fashion. now, must remembered that ethereum can only enforce within its own digital limits; ethereum does not remove the need for external authority for resolution over disputes outside its realm---"the other party punched the face after putting the ethereum contract that wouldn't" non-sense. rules exist elsewhere cover this---but what ethereum does allow push the boundary what the digital realm can cover. smart contract smart contract just phrase used describe computer code that can facilitate the exchange money, content, property, shares, anything value. when running the blockchain smart contract becomes like self-operating computer program that automatically executes when specific conditions are met. because smart contracts run the blockchain, they run exactly programmed without any possibility censorship, downtime, fraud third party interference. smart contracts help you exchange money, property, shares, anything value transparent, conflict-free way while avoiding the services middleman. the best way describe smart contracts compare the technology vending machine. ordinarily, you would lawyer notary, pay them, and wait while you get the document. with smart contracts, you simply drop bitcoin into the vending machine (i.e. ledger), and your escrow, driver"s license, whatever drops into your account. more so, smart contracts not only define the rules and penalties around agreement the same way that traditional contract does, but also automatically enforce those obligations. tokenization tokenization the process replacing sensitive data with unique identification symbols that retain all the essential information about the data without compromising its security. tokenization, which seeks minimize the amount data business needs keep hand, has become popular way for small and mid-sized businesses bolster the security credit card and e-commerce transactions while minimizing the cost and complexity compliance with industry standards and government regulations. tokenization makes more difficult for hackers gain access cardholder data, compared with older systems which credit card numbers were stored databases and exchanged freely over networks. tokenization technology can, theory, used with sensitive data all kinds. tokenizing real-world assets will allow buyers access assets never before within their reach, and sellers move assets that were previously difficult unload. the secret lies the possibility fractionalization. cryptocurrency and tokenization will play much larger role the day day activities the masses. blockchain will grow from here, the sky"s the limit. blockchain will continue grow and disrupt many industries. can expect see just many organizations and teams adopting the technology methods and strategies for deploying it. the real question whether not alternative will show that"s just viable and efficient. for now, the answer no. the future fast our blockchain space, the very speed change appears accelerating. entrepreneurs and investors, eager devise imaginative capital-raising techniques, are exploring mini ipos and the intersection equity crowd funding and token sales. chambers and partners released its first-ever list blockchain and cryptocurrency lawyers globally. legal white papers are quoted like bestsellers, and just about everyone has view about the saft. exciting time crypto lawyer. view, likely bring with types technological and economic artistry that cannot presently envision, and nearly all those innovations will need understood and analyzed through legal lens. the global blockchain and cryptocurrency community needs strong, yet quickly adaptive, base legal understanding which build and blossom. need informed regulatory climate that protects individuals, while encouraging technological innovation flourish. the future fast, and our legal advice must sound. cooperative and creative thought leadership blockchain lawyers (and non-lawyers) will key. the difference between erc token and erc token erc token erc are standard set rules smart contract token should satisfy. these set rules will define how the token will function the blockchain ethereum. erc are most commonly used all the altcoin developers for developing their new coin. erc token erc are new set rules can said upgrade erc standards which was implemented early what problems does maya preferred erc token solve? the blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies based are leading the revolution economy and finance today, becoming forerunners global changes monetary circulation. however, there remains huge number problems creating gap between the potential blockchain technologies and their real application the modern economy. the largest problem the moment there strong connection between the circulation cryptocurrencies and the conventional financial infrastructure. solution: maya preferred, the world's first erc token created bridge between the conventional finance and the blockchainbased economy, thus becoming new center the stable global cryptocurrency system. advantages the maya preferred erc token: circulation cryptocurrency, backed gold. maya preferred eco system will include but not limited atms worldwide (target ,), cryptocurrency exchanges, security companies, bank accounts, payment systems, payment cards and otc trading desk. stable ecosystem which the market fiat currencies, financial products and other assets together with the new market digital currencies are combined. the apis for the technical integration merchants and services are already prepared. therefore, shops and online stores, well service providers, can connected and accept payments from the maya preferred erc network. our ecosystem helps convert maya preferred erc into bitcoin (btc), ethereum (eth), litecoin (ltc), dash, xem, ox, erc tokens fiat. maya preferred will safe and secure and also, one the leading payment provider worldwide. therefore, holders maya preferred erc enjoy protection against inflation and other governments and economies. any cryptocurrency, well fiat money, underlain trust those who use it. this trust based the ability efficiently use the cryptocurrency and understanding that supported efficient structures. high volatility the existing cryptocurrencies and the loan debt burden fiat money make the current financial system extremely unstable. maya preferred erc has clear competitive advantages through its gold coverage ratio compared the existing central banks. august the overall capitalization cryptocurrencies exceeded billion. fact, totally new look was taken the role cryptocurrencies within year, and became clear that the future belongs payment instruments based the blockchain technology. however, now witness desperate competition between the major cryptocurrecies for the right become payment instrument the world economy. advantages erc tokens erc new token standard that's posed replace erc developers find easier use, and investors are protected improved security features. erc the most common type tokens currently available the market. was first proposed november since then overall level proficiency has increased the ethereum community, and march this year github user dexaran proposed erc token standard. from the developer point view it's easier program around erc standard. but what does mean for the consumer? handle incoming transactions smart contracts erc provides consistent way handle incoming token transactions smart contracts, empowering developers create more innovative protocols improved security because erc makes developers handle incoming transactions explicitly protects consumers from sending tokens smart contract that doesn't support them. far, this issue has resulted more than various tokens get irredeemably lost. with erc this problem the past. lower fees erc prescribes pull mechanism for retrieving the funds, especially when comes dealing with smart contracts. this means you have pay the gas fee twice: first time approve the transaction, and the second time actually receive the funds. erc manages handle transactions without going through this lovely puzzle, you only have pay the fee once. erc actually standard that tokens the ethereal network can meet, and tokens that check all the necessary boxes are deemed "erc tokens". these tokens are blockchain assets that have value, and can set and received, like bitcoin, litecoin,ethereum, any other cryptocurrency. erc .-eliminates the problem lost tokens which happens during the transfer erc tokens contract (when people mistakenly use the instructions for sending tokens wallet). erc allows users send their tokens either wallet contract with the same function transfer, thereby eliminating the potential for confusion and lost tokens. .-allows developers handle incoming token transactions and reject non-supported tokens (not possible with erc .-energy savings. the transfer erc tokens contract one step process rather than step process (for erc and this means times less gas and extra blockchain bloating. what maya preferred (mapr)? maya preferred (mapr) financial ltd.'s state-of-theart erc token built the ethereum classic blockchain, and positioned become the first cryptocurrency successfully used monetary instrument for individuals transfer money worldwide. not only will maya preferred change the way people transfer money worldwide, but will also become the first cryptocurrency accepted many leading retail stores. because maya preferred erc token built the ethereum classic blockchain, will able execute all these money transfers and payments for fraction the fees charged visa, mastercard, discover, and western union. financial ltd. has created only million maya preferred coins, and with this structure believes coin will achieve not just rapid traded liquidity, but also achieve its goal becoming well-known name brand such visa mastercard. maya preferred was built with consumer security mind. consumer either paying maya preferred merchant for goods and services transferring money friend relative worldwide using just smartphone tablet will find the token more secure than carrying cash. maya preferred not just backed its built-in state-of-the-art technology, but will backed tangible assets, which will again make the first its kind. both coins are intertwined and that maya coin owns million maya preferred tokens and that maya preferred trades automatically makes maya coin worth the token itself will also backing asset for financial ltd.'s maya coin, which its erc business based token that being planned for mergers and acquisitions. maya coin will own million while you preferred tokens, and the value the two coins will intrinsically tied together; one goes up, the other will too. maya preferred roadmap with help from our teams, contributors and investors these are the milestones are looking forward achieving. maya preferred token allocation maya preferred token allocation mapr business plan maya preferred (mapr) financial ltd.'s state-ofthe-art erc token built the highly efficient ethereum classic blockchain. designed the first its kind number respects, making groundbreaking product the world cryptocurrencies. financial ltd.'s plan three distinct business models for its new, advanced erc token. maya preferred will first all, with other cryptocurrencies, used for transferring the money worldwide fraction the fees charged western union and other money transferring products. second, maya preferred will serve backing asset for u.k. financial ltd.'s first created token, maya coin erc token planned for business operations such mergers and acquisitions, and area specialty for u.k financial ltd.. maya coin will own million the maya preferred tokens, and the value the two coins will intrinsically linked; one goes up, the other will too. the third model and most exciting for the investing world maya preferred prospects and becoming the first cryptocurrency accepted many leading retailers monetary instrument, thanks financial ltd.'s strong connections within the retail space. operating the ethereum classic blockchain, will able execute payments for fraction the fees charged visa, mastercard, american express, and discover, well payments made the bitcoin blockchain. breaking into the mainstream economy has been difficult for other cryptocurrencies, but financial ltd. well positioned disrupt the markets with its advanced erc token, maya preferred. the gold and silver mines backing maya preferred mina del oro mina mina amplicacion del oro guadalupe guadalupe gramos oro fortuna santiago apostol click here read about the gold and silver mines backing maya preferred maya preferred maya preferred management mr. james dahlke founder ceo james dahlke, licensed certified public accountant, has filled the role president and ceo the maya coin venture. mr. dahlke will use his experiences the public financial markets and keen business relationships build powerhouse management team for the maya coin holders. you can expect see vast array changes and additions the management team mergers, acquisitions and maya"s business plan are being executed. maya preferred management rodrigo arvide vice president rodrigo entrepreneur and investor with more than years successful experience creating and managing companies different countries. bold approach solve worlds challenges has helped him and their investors constantly make profits sustainable busineses over the years. currently owns private hedge fund and fully committed take maya prefered the entire world. keith christiansen head blockchain security mr. christiansen fully licensed provide variety professional investigative services, process services, and surveillance for most legal reasons. mr. christiansen will use his years experience multiple levels security training ensure all blockchain transactions and erc tokens maya creates are fully protected with the most up-to-date anti-hacking programs. mr. christiansen will play huge role protecting maya"s upcoming project creating maya"s own cryptocurrency exchange from any unwanted trojan horses cybercriminals. fully insured and bonded, mr. christiansen protects the interest his clients and now all maya coin holders the best his abilities.