mazacoin anonymouspirate the genesis concept lydiacoin project crypto currency offers developer unique insight into the nature money. the lydiacoin project began just such exploration. lydia ancient nation (located roughly where modern turkey today) where believed the first ever coins were minted from precious metals know coinage the west. this innovation took place approximately bce. began tinkering with fork zetacoin primarily gain understanding the nature monetary systems, and the wonderful ways which this can expressed alternative crypto coin. what discovered not what expected. when you look picture that very first coin, what leaps mind this big solid looking hunk pure gold. the modern age are wowed the incredible sense intrinsic value this coin would possess today. such images reinforce our commonly held mis-perception that money not "real" doesn't have some serious intrinsic value incorporated into it. but let's examine this idea more closely. did the ancient lydians choose gold because it's great rarity? think not. first all the earths population was dramatically less than today. secondly, there were where near the amount industrial uses for gold there today. and lastly, gold could still found the very surface the ground many locations worldwide. simply put, gold just wasn't nearly rare today ancient times. why did the lydians choose gold (and silver)? durability. gold does not tarnish. malleable yet holds it's shape and form. simply durable and easy use container. container value. social value, economic value even political value. that coin's job, long lasting and deployable medium exchanging value. crypto currency appears eminently suitable the task acting such container value, being both durable and easy use. additional marginal intrinsic value added the energy and labor costs associated with mining crypto currency into existence. thus begin see the fallacy commodity based monetary systems such gold silver backed currency. such extreme intrinsic value not only unnecessary, but prevents the currency from gaining economic and social value aside from the backing commodity. and while useful have crypto currency with rarity settings that mimic naturally occurring commodity, important understand that fielding global and general purpose alt coin requires one place serious anti-deflational measures into the coin's source code. when examine alt coin such infinitecoin example, see alt coin which seemingly every possible means inflation has been built into the algorithm. while the deflational tendency all crypto currency difficult not impossible overcome, would seem that infinitecoin the deflational curve has finally met it's match. and yet infinitecoin holds marginal value, traded the exchanges and even accepted payment few places. coin that rights should simply explode from inflation based it's settings, instead holding it's own the global market. and begin see model, way forward when fielding general purpose global alt coins. liberal use the counter-deflational and rarity settings would appear the best approach for slow and stable growth economic and social value. there are many kinds alt coins, called "cause coins", even collectible crypto. and some these coins might actually require encouraging the natural deflational tendency all crypto currency. but for general purpose global alt coins, the exact opposite true and the coin maker should make every effort thwart deflation using the settings the code base. innovation permanent inflation the zetacoin project the first consideration designing crypto currency the choice scrypt proof-of-work. for mazacoin, proof-of-work was chosen for the environmental considerations. proof-of-work coin can merge mined with other similar blockchains, such bitcoin thus mining multiple crypto currency for the same hardware and energy footprint. also, easy obtain inexpensive outdated asic hardware now that the difficulty level bitcoin high making the creation the back-end network for mazacoin much more affordable. one obvious choice for particular alt coin fork for the purpose global crypto currency would have been the incredible peercoin. certainly the infinite coin base and other anti-deflational features peercoin would line with the theory stable value retention elucidated above. but with mazacoin have dual purpose that must carefully balanced. desire mazacoin traded and adopted globally, and yet also targeted true and working sovereign national currency. mazacoin the first ever crypto currency history attempt fill both these roles. thus more fine grained control over long-term inflational measures necessary strike the proper balance. and zetacoin was chosen the fork. zetacoin fork bitcoin designed master coin maker giskard. contains numerous improvements the bitcoin source code, but the biggest innovation zetacoin the permanent adjustable inflationary mining reward that begins when the coin base achieved. this adjustable feature allows for more controlled approach permanent inflation and course provides solid reward for post exodus block miners ensure blockchain security. begin reconcile the desire have global crypto currency against the need tailor mazacoin relatively small national economy, can appreciate the ability more finely tune the long-term inflationary aspects the coin that forking from zetacoin has provided. and approach this task does become apparent that must fact tailor the over-all size mazacoin the economy the oglala lakota nation. for otherwise would risk creating coin base big and blockchain overwhelming simply swamp this small tribal economy, rather than stimulate growth desired. being proof-of-work coin that can mined with asics and merge mined with other like chains such bitcoin and zetacoin allow mazacoin one the most environmentally friendly crypto currencies the world. using the same hardware and energy foot print merge mine multiple blockchains, and opening the second hand asic market small investors one many often overlooked benefits proof-of-work alt coins. and finally, zetacoin has made other innovations upon the bitcoin source code which make for smoother and more secure monetary system. the choice which coin fork the first decision that master coin maker takes. the foundation upon which one builds the economic vision that the basis for your new coin. zetacoin quite simply very fine money, and will make excellent global currency. and perfect fit for the overall ideas wanted express and goals desired achieve with mazacoin. sincerely hope the zetacoin community feels the same, and will join with this historic experiment. mazacoin first national sovereign crypto coin the proposition attempting create new global crypto currency audacious say the least. but when one also attempting create sovereign national coinage the challenges are truly daunting. neither economist, nor mathematician simple hacker. but coin making much hand crafted art science. there more national sovereign currency than merely monetary system. shall explore below, both the science and art coin making are put the ultimate test when your coin must represent the history and heritage living people. finding myself un-charted waters when comes coin making, began first gathering publicly available data the economy the oglala lakota nation. then using various alt coins that felt fairly represented the trajectory can expect from mazacoin, combined with the added effect the tribal economy the btc oyate project founded payu harris attempted forecast the oglala lakota national economy for the next decade. sure, all such forecasts whether done experts amateur coin makers are mere guess work best, and witchcraft worst. but did give broad picture how the initial parameters mazacoin should set best facilitate it's dual role globally traded currency and national sovereign coinage. the more data added, the more accurate the model. one the more controversial features the mazacoin formula the initial one-time two-phase pre-mine million mzc. those who object this re-distribution wealth simply not comprehend the economic devastation that has been inflicted these people years economic warfare against them the usa. impossible model this tribal economy and escape the essentially crushing poverty that persists. and simply makes good sense, well smart alt coin management make certain that the oglala lakota are firmly vested their own national currency. doesn't just help the lakota, helps make mazacoin stronger. the mazacoin premine single unique event during the pre-launch and will never repeated. represents tiny fraction the overall coin base mazacoin and once complete and mazacoin released the public will produced and traded globally just any other alt coin. ultimately coin maker discovered that the biggest tool disposal for connecting mazacoin the land through it's people was the artwork. indeed, almost many hours were spent pouring over graphics for mazacoin was spent coding it. felt great pressure not only try and make that almost spiritual connection the coin the people, but also make look stately and dignified the oglala lakota richly deserve. this not some collectible meme coin, this the national currency great and courageous people who have suffered much preserve their ancient culture. this will continue focus going forward roll out things like paper wallets, etc. the end faced unprecedented and historic challenge master coin maker creating mazacoin. firmly believe have succeeded giving the oglala lakota nation the finest national coinage history. would like thank those the development team, and others around the world for your fantastic support completed and released mazacoin. let mazacoin stand beacon hope other tribal and micronations that there are solutions. crypto currency revolution, perhaps the greatest revolution history. mazacoin www.mazacoin.org btc oyate project www.btcoyateproject.cf thanks dear friends who supported bad times while finished mazacoin. thanks also payu harris the btc oyate project, who essentially cocreator mazacoin and rock. finally, deepest gratitude the mazacoin community supporters, and the oglala lakota for trusting make mazacoin for them. hereby dedicate the creation mazacoin the lakota people themselves, for their courage and dignity the face genocide and war. you have persevered. your future has arrived. thank you for letting make history with your brave people. anonymouspirate given this day january somewhere canada