light paper dec table contents: introduction: would like introduce you the mcpc marketplace! what offer: think amazon, think ebay, think freedom use your mcpc coin purchase any goods services you see fit. essentially, will create community where you will able buy and sell anything you would like. additionally, there will rewards for early adopters well affiliates the system. the coin: mcpc payment platform and marketplace that utilized top blockchain technology provide avenue for anybody issue receive cryptocurrency. will provide masternode coin setup that includes solid roi with built inflation control. thus, providing longevity and value you! believe the original concepts cryptocurrency. are idealists, but also realists are making sure that hodl'rs all means will able use and access the system. your just excited then keep reading! the website: will have safe and secure escrow system for all transactions. what will you have access to? mobile data prepaid cards mobile phone prepaid cards warranty policies for hardware mobile accessories sales private transactions between vendors and you! debit cards today's market anyone who has experienced today's market understands that oftentimes can harrowing experience. are dealing with the wild west really. navigation has been difficult for users, investors well legitimate businesses. unfortunately, many countries banking systems have come realize the potential cryptocurrency and have made efforts stifle out fear that will supplant their own fiat currency. which has the potential do. aim bridge the convergence gap from the digital the physical, but order for you understand what that entails need discuss brief why most cryptocurrencies fail. the first think obvious, and that greed. there are lot altcoins out there that have started with the knowledge that they would not survive. the pieces the crypto puzzle are brought together trying manipulate public investors, making wild promises that will cannot kept. they would survive just long enough for the developers raise capital and then move another project with flashy catchy name. abandoning the previous project and leaving investors their wake. some cases these projects actually have brilliant use case which could make them market disruptor leader. the development team may fact have good intentions execute their overall design specification. however, they neglect plan properly and can actually run out funds well human capital complete the project bring the concept market. today's market whatever the reason for their downfall, generally planning, marketing, needed skill sets and/or adoption failures. even though lot development teams are actually trying create something real and not vaporware, they make too many promises too short timespan. this "timespan," ties with the developers stated road map. the trouble with roadmap that you have set dates and many cases these dates are not met. prefer phased approach and let the community know where are at, scheduled intervals. updates progress you will. another reason for failing projects simply the trouble convergence with and within the mainstream markets, due this problem there not enough usage for any given project except for trading which and itself cannot called decent use case. because this the market slowly gets flooded with more and more coins that will only end the trading platforms thus bringing the price down which turn kills the project. again, proper planning and mis-management are the culprits. anyone with decent understanding how currency works knows that the only way make sure that any given currency can succeed movement volume. has move all the time from one end the spectrum the other and back again. essentially, are talking about supply and demand. and order for cryptocurrency able succeed not only does need real use case, also needs path follow from one end the spectrum the next and then back again. overall difficulty: even the previous stated criteria are met, there still one more hurdle overcome. there are tools and services get your cryptocurrency transferred fiat currency and back, the main problem this day however, actually getting done timely fashion. during this time exchange, the market rate either currency could fluctuate dramatically, thus leaving the end user loss. volatility double-edged sword and aim create environment that will allow the user work with either side they see fit with incredible speed. there are many companies/tools that will allow you exchange the top coins into fiat currency and back. using multiple tools and websites detrimental your success. our solution this nothing new. however, integration and convergence within single platform key. spec and pos/mn reward system: webshop: our webshop set such way that will function triaxial principal, set multi stage infrastructure which rotating product line will created. what mean this? glad you asked... the entire structure will not only beneficial for those that participate our end but can also deemed beneficial other outside web sources. this will complete the cycle from one end the spectrum the next and back again which and itself will create symbiotic flow. with this design there will balanced convergence supply and demand prohibiting inflation the market. mcpc internal webshop the products will initially offering: phone cards, codes for data/minutes top-ups and accessories. initial carriers will include but not limited vodafone, tele, and t-mobile. accessories suppliers announced upon marketplace release, possibly sooner. also aim embed tools for you exchange your cryptocurrency fiat and back seamlessly. mcpc public marketplace first and foremost every seller within the marketplace will vetted via our internal kyd process. want make sure that all transactions are conducted professional manner and will not tolerate scammers. there will unbiased escrow component assist the control all transactions. outside web source (merchant) will able embed their weblink into our website and then their product will showcased our webstore. our customers can create their own webstore, then basically sell their own product re-brand our product lines their own. additionally, there will opportunities for all sellers well buyers participate affiliate system and mainly community through our community portal. affiliate partners: the mcpc community will able join our network affiliate partner. partners will create content, manage and upload product affiliates will promote this. once sale complete, our escrow service will pay both parties their percentage. lastly, when either party would like withdraw their crypto into fiat currency, they can exchange various ways. much more come. the above macro view what have planned for you and the mcpc community. are hard work putting together partnerships well additions the infrastructure.