measurable data token decentralized data exchange economy draft whitepaper measurable foundation ltd. july disclaimer mdt decentralized data exchange economy built the ethereum blockchain. the mdt token standard erc token and facilitates the economy the mdt ecosystem. denominates the value big data and serves mechanism for utility the ecosystem. mdt issued measurable foundation ltd, public company limited guarantee registered singapore, and approved and registered singapore accounting and corporate regulatory authority (acra). the measurable foundation meant develop and promote the mdt ecosystem and will dedicate its resources research, development and governance. mdt utility token and not supposed have any particular value outside the mdt ecosystem. since mdt not security token, this whitepaper cannot constitute prospectus offer document for any investment securities. mdt (i) shall not provide you with rights any form with respect company its revenues assets, including, but not limited to, any voting, distribution, redemption, liquidation, proprietary (including all forms intellectual property), other financial legal rights; (ii) shall not deemed loan company; and (iii) shall not provide you with any ownership other interest the company. measurable foundation warns that the involvement purchasing any tokens represents very high risk any participating contributor. activity should only undertaken those with substantial technical knowledge and that are also able understand the specific network and related token being offered. measurable foundation ltd, well its partners, team, directors, agents, joint ventures, employees and suppliers, assumes liability responsibility for any loss arising out related the use the mdt ecosystem any technical, interruption malfunction the platform. this whitepaper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice sell, any solicitation any offer measurable foundation purchase mdt give any help any investment decision. this whitepaper does not constitute relate any way nor should considered offering securities any jurisdiction. abstract keyword: blockchain, big data, decentralized today, are living our digital lives creating massive amount data from everything do. big data the new oil, yet the ones who contribute the most are unaware that treasure. most service providers collect users' data with intention disclose the reason and the intrinsic economic value, meanwhile, users trade their data unconsciously exchange for free app service. what users could control their data and rewarded accurately for the value creates? the solution decentralized, transparent data exchange economy, based blockchain technology. will now introduce measurable data token (mdt), crypto token for decentralized data exchange ecosystem. mdt connects data providers, users, and data buyers, and denominates the data's value when exchanged. mdt enables more efficient, transparent and honest market for data trading. the first component this ecosystem open messenger, messenger solution based the email protocol. open messenger connects users with smooth communication experience. will the first service adopt the mdt ecosystem and utilize payment system reward all parties involved. our vision decentralized data value exchange economy for everyone the digital world. table contents abstract introduction inefficient marketplace legacy data trading mdt: decentralized big data exchange economy new economy definition mdt technology mdt applications mdt and open messenger mdt user development pool advertising open messenger mdt wallet vip mail mdt foundation ethereum and mdt token issuance conclusion team references introduction it's longer secret that technology companies are collecting and mining user data. users download app which seems free, but unknowingly they compromise their data trade-off. it's unspoken rule the industry that, "every company data company". companies strive mine more data from services and users profit from the inherent value information. some them try hide this intention posting ambiguous terms services their websites that most users will give reading. even more egregiously, some services that generate revenue from users' data aren't even offered for free. inefficient market services and products store and collect user data for different reasons. the main purposes for collecting user data include: advertising, product enhancement, and business insights. take google example. when you first sign for google account, google attempts collect your name, email address, password, date birth, gender, telephone and address (google privacy these information help google know more about their users, thus enabling the company push more relevant content advertising users. when you use google account, collects the emails you send and receive from gmail, the contacts and calendar events you add, the photos and videos you upload, the docs, sheets, and slides you author, all pursuit enhancing the product experience and generating profits. huge entity with wide variety services, google does not typically share its information third party simply marginally increase profits, since users' data for its own sake very helpful for the company. location based service foursquare another example tech companies collecting data. they store and analyze users' data for business insights. since the main feature this service allow users share their location social media post, foursquare frequently stores user's' location data. early the company released in-house big data product called foursquare location intelligence the basis all the user location data they have collected. soon thereafter, they released report predicting that, according the data they have, sales the famous american food chain chipotle publicly-listed company) would drop even though foursquare collects location data which seems quite personal, it's not actually personally identifiable information (pii). they know fewer users stepped into restaurant one month compared the previous month, but they not know the identity those people, because this information irrelevant big data product. although it's inevitable that companies will eventually mine sensitive data for profits, the current reality that most tech companies and products not trade users' pii data. while internet users knowingly allow their data collected, they are typically unaware the uses for that data, which leads insecurity and suspicion. this suspicion about the services they use online has led some block cookies tracking and ads online protect themselves. from the number users using ad-blockers either desktop mobile surged new high (pagefair adblocking report). even prestigious companies like google are facing concerns about exploiting user data. june google decided discontinue the practice scanning users' emails for advertising purposes. anonymous data collecting really detrimental users? the market one-sided and users' data unfairly exploited data collectors, then the answer decidedly "yes". when users can participate the process and receive incentives for sharing their data, then the process becomes fairer and even beneficial for users. traditional data trading traditional data trading model mostly consists three parties: data provider, data buyer, and users. the current model, only the economic incentives providers and buyers are aligned, but the new model propose, incentives all three will aligned. data provider data provider the medium where data generated. can app, website, any service that acquires and retains users. use cases for the collected data include: tracking users behaviour for product enhancement precise advertising where revenue shared with advertisers selling anonymous user data third party buyers data buyer the buying entity can merchant, advertiser, investor, big data institute, other company that requires the data predict trends make decisions. example, consulting company without direct access first-hand user data could purchase data from third party provider. since difficult verify the actual source the data, mostly buyers not have guarantees from any party that the data they got real, clean even legal. user end users who willingly unwillingly share their data with all other parties. the current model, their data sharing activities have economic gain. decentralized data exchange economy new ecosystem for data exchange the era trading data without user consent over. the new ecosystem decentralized, impartial, and mutually beneficial. change this unfair and inefficient trading model, need new platform and unit data exchange. the first step towards fulfilling this vision introduce measurable data token (mdt), new token for data exchange. measurable data token (mdt) connects users, data providers, and data buyers and denominates the value data. compensates users for sharing anonymous data points while providing data buyers and providers with more efficient trading model. the mdt blockchain-based distributed computing platform with smart contracts securely stored the ethereum blockchain. denominates the value data this new economy. this new ecosystem, sharing one's data longer superfluous behavior; users are incentivized with mdt for the actual data points exchanged. offering more transparent knowledge each data exchange for all parties, users will also more motivated join this initiative. the other hand, buyers are also provided with more efficient exchange model where all transactions are strictly enforced with cryptographically secure smart contracts. traditional closed data exchanges, buyers used risk buying invalid fake data without any ways verify. this new open model, buyers also participate the validation process each transaction which ensures they will receive more trustworthy and risk-free deal. token technology measurable data token (mdt) token based ethereum, and the most important element this new data exchange ecosystem. smart contracts, which are applications stored the ethereum blockchain, are constructed data providers, data buyers and the mdt platform. using cryptographically secure token contracts helps enforce performance the contracts. precisely elaborate the technology the mdt ecosystem, the definitions for all the entities are listed below: measurable data sdk open-source and free sdk(software development kit): offered mdt ecosystem for any data providers developers use. the sdk includes wallet address which users can take advantage manage their reward income from the mdt ecosystem. data provider the entity that capable collecting user data, and utilizing the mdt ecosystem perform data exchange and user rewarding. user end users who opt into mdt ecosystem and share their anonymous unidentifiable data will receive reward income from the mdt ecosystem data buyer the entity that purchases the right use the data points during the exchange. could mean accessing database, purchasing big data report offered data provider. buying data the mdt ecosystem currently does not entail purchasing data ownership. measurable data point each data point invoked the transaction, with verified economic value the mdt ecosystem. measurable platform decentralized data exchange platform where all transactions are based smart contract technology. initially the measurable platform will administered the mdt foundation and will charge calculation fees from each transaction, however, over time, will purely based the smart contract technology. data buyer submits request, data provider outputs invoked data points and user public key respectively; measurable platform notified construct smart contract user public key data dimensions user reward percentage other transaction condition data buyer sends payment the smart contract address, request activated; data buyer acceptance the deal; claim data valid then deal accepted, smart contract execution: measurable platform/user/data provider gets mdt rewards; else claim data invalid, measurable platform initiates arbitration arbitration result data valid then deal accepted, smart contract execution: measurable platform/user/data provider gets mdt rewards; else calculation fee measurable platform balance returns data buyer end end example use-cases: open messenger email messenger app that helps users manage their email simply messaging mobile. data provider, collects and analyzes users' anonymous email receipt data, and transforms into valuable business insights, which updates daily right after the purchases happen. gaming company data buyer, who constantly look for competitors' sales trends for decision making. they discover that open messenger has published new data dashboard product called "sales trends for game and game that they are interested purchasing. after company clicks the purchase button open messenger's website, this request notifies both the open messenger and the measurable platform. thereafter, measurable platform constructs smart contract which includes: public user key, which means all the invoked data points and the respective public user key user reward percentage: data dimensions: itunes email receipts, quantity... transaction price: mdt transaction condition: accepts deal within hours data buyer sends mdt the contract address and then gets the preview access the product requested. according the conditions the smart contract, company needs decide they accept the deal within hours. within hours, believes that the data valid and the deal accepted. after the acceptance, the smart contract executes, and simultaneously gets the full access the product. measurable platform gets calculation fee: user reward total (va-vm) u%, each user's reward varies depending their contributing points amount open messenger data provider gets the remainder does not accept the deal this case, and believes that the data invalid problematic, the transaction will automatically through arbitration the measurable platform. the arbitration result deal accepted, the smart contract executes. the result deal failed, company still needs pay calculation fee the measurable platform, and the balance returns the company. very likely that for any early adopter, the number data points being invoked not large enough get considerable rewards.for some users, may take longer time reach the amount other users only take several days achieve. after all, the data points every user creates are different. solve the potential issue micropayment and delay transaction confirmation times (for example, when the rewarded mdt too small that fails cover the cost ethereum transaction), mdt will first introduces reward deposit pool where stores users' micro-rewards until the quantity reaches appropriate threshold sent the user. users will notified their wallet about the number contributed data points and the amount reward earned. only once the rewarded mdt reaches validated amount will the wallet activated use. users can transparently check reward income and data points real time monitor their status the mdt ecosystem. for example, user downloads the open messenger app and opts join the mdt data exchange ecosystem. the first week, his email receipt data invoked his wallet displays the current rewarded mdt amount and the data points has shared far. the number below the threshold activate his wallet, but three months later, the number reaches the verified amount and user able withdraw, make purchases, and transfer his mdt. have witnessed many progress the areas efficient payments, scalability and more improvements from projects like the casper research, the raiden network, tendermint cosmos graphene, and decentralized cloud computing dfinity (ethereum blog enable more scalable, cost effective system, mdt looks forward working with the blockchain community testing and improving these new technologies production. mdt advantage matrix traditional data exchange mdt ecosystem users' data exchange not valued user paid for measurable data points user excluded user takes part the ecosystem buyer risk purchasing invalid data buyer has right submit arbitration complex negotiation due different entities efficient exchange model dispute difficult solve decentralized platform remains impartial unexpected factors transaction smart contracts enforce performance more use cases mdt integration open messenger messenger apps have become the preferred means for communicating for simplicity, but the market fragmented. all the messengers, such whatsapp, facebook messenger, skype have proprietary, closed platforms. use them, you have the same platforms all your friends. according the latest report from tencent penguin intelligence, wechat now has active users the number daily active users who spend over hours per day has doubled since last year. april facebook messenger also boasted monthly active users. these huge platforms, users manage their social lives, bank accounts, transportation, entertainment and many other services. make their users stay and invest more time and money, platforms like wechat and facebook spare efforts develop many features they can. meanwhile, these huge platforms are closed networks where users can only interact and communicate with others the network, and use services and features exclusively the same platforms. users are increasingly living their digital lives different closed bubbles controlled different giant tech companies. email one open and universally used communication protocol. open messenger messenger app built top the open protocol email, which makes natural fit for adopting decentralized solution. being open communication platform not enough, the future, open messenger going blockchain-based, open messaging platform support the new currency mdt, and help establish the new mdt economy. the second important element the mdt ecosystem, open messenger launching soon the ios and android app markets first. the open messenger team are veterans messaging apps. they have successfully developed two popular messenger apps, mailtime and talkbox voice messenger app. mailtime built top open protocol enable become pervasive email text messaging, with maximum market potential. debuted the techcrunch startup battlefield sf, backed zhen fund, gary rieschel (qiming, softbank), crystal stream (vp engineering baidu), combinator, mark pincus (founder zynga) and magic stone, mailtime was awarded one the app store's best and has reached over million downloads. mailtime app was also awarded the best lifestyle app the "best mobile app awards and the winner "yfn" innovation award the wmc another former project the team, talkbox, was the first voice messenger app, with million users. this functionality "push button talk" was eventually adopted major tech companies and now feature most messaging services. however, because talkbox was closed network, ended war with other closed networks, fracturing the voice messenger world into several incompatible ecosystems. from talkbox, mailtime open messenger, the vision building open platform for anyone use has never changed. the very first application integrate with the mdt currency, open messenger will sit the center this new digital economy, driving demand and fundamental value for the mdt ecosystem. the early version open messenger supports following features: managing unlimited email accounts within one app email experience easy text-messaging earn mdt token from the data exchange economy earn and spend mdt from using the open messenger store and manage crypto-assets with the built mdt wallet mdt user growth pool drive the mdt ecosystem growth, mdt user growth pool reserved reward early adopters and users with mdt. the early stage, users will also get rewards from being active the platform. for instance, user being active for consecutive days will awarded with certain amount mdt. the currency earned from this user growth pool can only used within the mdt ecosystem for value added services. the awarded mdt from the pool not spent within days the awardee, will returned the pool for future new users. open messenger will keep developing crypto-currency related features encourage users join this new economy. listed chapter features like enabling users utilize their signature advertising banner are good ways earn mdt currency. users can also send "vip mail" spend their earned mdt. more feature like these are the pipeline, with the aim engaging users the new ecosystem with the least expense. the goal also allow users earn mdt currency providing value the ecosystem and the community through data exchange, commerce and service creation. advertising with your email signature email signature represents special piece your online identity. it's attached every email you send, which gets viewed every time someone opens your email. open messenger allows users utilize their signature advertising placement. would you rather read advertisement popping from the website, something attached your friend's email signature? most cases, your friend seems more trustworthy than strange website. users are allowed decide whether they want opt-in the signature advertising campaign not. they choose opt-in, they need select the specific categories ads that they are willing include their signatures. for instance, they can choose include only "fashion" related ads exclude all "e-commerce" ads. advertisers will pay for per activation for all the participating users. open messenger platform will also charge %fee maintain this feature. users open messenger, however, will not see the email signature since open messenger hides user's signature make the communication experience easy text-messaging. only those who are not using the app will see the ads. example use-cases: user freelance writer who needs email different editors and clients daily basis. joins the signature advertising campaign and opts-in the "books" and "movies" categories for advertisement. soon under his personal signature, each email sends comes with advertisement banner. since the category selects quite related his expertise, the conversion rate his advertisement quite high, thus earning considerable amount revenue every month. mdt wallet for any cryptocurrency economy, wallet plays crucial part. the mdt wallet will first built the open messenger app. the future, will independent open source project that can used other developers. mdt implemented the ethereum blockchain erc token, which common standard for issuing digital assets. mdt ecosystem designed benefit all digital users who embrace open, decentralized and beneficial platform. reduce the barriers cryptocurrency technology for most consumers, mdt wallet aims keep simple possible. are also open more user-friendly onboarding tutorial for any crypto-currency beginners. the future, the mdt wallet will enable users send, receive transfer payment without understanding the raw technology behind. (cointelegraph example use-cases: user not user open messenger, but uses another service which also adopts the mdt data exchange ecosystem. gets rewards from the ecosystem and uses mdt wallet manage his mdt reward income. vip mail the vip mail innovative function open massager that facilitates efficient communication between mainstream consumers and celebrities. allows users connect with influential celebrities professionals who were usually difficult reach while protecting receivers from spams charging the sender. even though email open protocol that connects anyone who has email address, users need know the email address first. the past few years, has been noticed that there growing need for mainstream consumers communicate with celebrities professionals directly and personally. several products has developed such features. for example, zaihang platform which enables celebrity users post paid content, for example, "-second record answering specific question". (fenda another siltoken distribution event valley based startup .co offers service where strangers can pay bitcoin send emails celebrities that are also using .co. one obvious downside those products that the closed platform requires both sides the same platform. though emailing perfect solution for this issue, has its own disadvantage since celebrities professionals would flooded spams they share their email address public. open messenger introducing new vip mail service which for anyone who does not want disclose his her own email address. through the open messenger platform, user gets masked email address which directed his her own email address. users can set price for his vip email address, for example, mdt", and then edits his own vip profile. the vip user can celebrity, professional, anyone who wants keep his inbox from spamming. after creating this profile, users can share this masked email address publicly, their business card, personal website, social network page contact email. every vip profile also searchable the open messenger platform, where vip email bot will help introduce users each other. for instance, user looking speak with professional lawyer, can ask the bot for recommendations, and the bot will reply with the best choices the platform. when sender sends email vip email address, will get automatic reply from the platform detailing how much will cost send this vip email. after the payment, this email will sent and the sender will also notified when it's opened the vip. example use-cases: professor does national lecture tours every year, and always leaves his vip mail address the end the presentations for the audience contact him. very busy doing research and teaching wants make sure that those who contact him are serious about their correspondence. planning divorce with her husband, and she finds suitable attorney through open messenger's chat bot. from the profile, she finds out that lawyer famous divorce attorney the city where she lives and his response rate high sends the payment, successfully sends her request and gets quick response. mdt foundation measurable data token follows litecoin and other established crypto currencies set non-profit organization (public company limited guarantee) singapore issue, develop and promote mdt. mdt's singapore foundation approved and registered singapore accounting and corporate regulatory authority (acra). entity: measurable foundation ltd. type: public company limited guarantee uen: address: north canal road singapore registration date: oct the mdt foundation aims independent, and democratic governance body for open and decentralized ecosystem. the principle function the mdt foundation support the ecosystem partners and provide the technology necessary ensure the platform develops sustainably. order fulfill the mission, the foundation responsible for: overseeing and supporting the decisions related the ecosystem partners supporting research new ways improve the technology and governance the ecosystem funding and helping develop more open source codebase for sustainable ecosystem inevitable that the foundation will eventually replaced other more advanced and innovative governance methodology the future. however, must first create formal governance model. the measurable foundation will dedicate its resources research, development and governance. the funds raised will first directed support the development tools that help the ecosystem build, grow and create sustainable value. ethereum and mdt ethereum open-source, public, blockchain-based distributed computing platform featuring smart contract functionality, which facilitates online contractual agreements. provides decentralized turing-complete virtual machine, that enables end users construct smart contracts for transaction. (wikipedia new york times commented that, the promise such system that allows the exchange money and assets more quickly and more cheaply than relying long chain middlemen." believe that ethereum growing ubiquitous technology that not only serves the blockchain field, but also permeates all areas life. mdt will implemented the public ethereum blockchain, industry standard for issuing digital assets and smart contracts meanwhile, are always ready for new technology surface and will readily consider any superior solutions. issuance and allocation finance the mdt roadmap, will conduct token distribution that will offer for sale million units out billion unit total supply mdt. maximum financing eth minimum financing:, eth exchange rate pre-sale: eth mdt, which fixed during pre-sale exchange rate for early bird: eth mdt, which fixed during early bird exchange rate token distribution event eth mdt which fixed during token distribution event the eth/usd exchange rate fluctuates that the eth price during pre-sale greater than that during token distribution event stakeholders from pre-sale will compensated with the units match the price difference. less than the targeted eth are raised during pre-sale, the remaining units will reserved for token distribution event less than the targeted eth are raised during token distribution event the remaining units will reserved for deposit pool, whose purpose will communicated the mdt foundation token distribution event time-frame: days, within hours reaching the maximum token launch date: tbd token distribution: open messenger team: mdt early investors and advisors: mdt user growth pool: mdt pre-sale: mdt token distribution event mdt mdt will allocated the mdt team the founding team the mdt foundation, over month vesting period. can vested after the token distribution event, can vested months later after the token distribution event. the remaining will vested per month the following months. this means the units the team will not immediately tradable. budget allocation: mdt team:% budget the team will focus the research and development the mdt ecocsytem, measurable platform, open messenger, and the maintainance open-source community. computation:% budget computation consists the measurable platform, open messenger servers, and other associated computation for the mdt ecosystem. administration:% budget this will cover legal, security, accounting, human resources and other associated administration expenses. marketing:% budget marketing will focus expanding adoption the open messenger and the mdt data exchange ecosystem among data providers, data buyers and users. this also covers the growth the ecosystem community. contingency:% budget this set-aside for unforseen expenses. token distribution event details notified latest updates regarding the token distribution event participants are invited provide their email address http://measurable.net further announcement will also communicated through the portal. community: slack group: https://slackinmdt.azurewebsites.net telegram group: https://t.me/measurabledatatoken email: token@measurable.net wechat group: search measurabledata group: conclusion mdt team's vision since has been build open platform. their first project, talkbox, the first voice messenger app, with million users. this functionality was eventually adopted major tech companies and now feature most messaging services. however, because talkbox was closed network, ended war with other closed networks, fracturing the voice messenger world into several incompatible ecosystems. they built mailtime top open protocol enable become pervasive email text messaging. mailtime debuted the techcrunch disrupt startup battlefield, and was awarded "best apple's app store. the team was also invested combinator, zhenfund, mark pincus and many prestigious venture capital after its launch. the journey being open platform continued when the vision mdt surfaced. veterans communication platforms, the mdt team had already identified number established use cases within the new ecosystem and are confident about its adoption and growth. with the aim fostering decentralized and vibrant data exchange economy surrounding the mdt cryptocurrency, the mdt team will pledge all its resources make mdt accessible mainstream users. will establish the mdt foundation boost and maintain the growth the mdt ecosystem and keep users and ecosystem partners engaged the open messenger platform. the mdt cryptocurrency will built the ethereum blockchain, and will used compensate ecosystem partners and users based the mdt solution for data exchange. the future, mdt aims scale and become industry standard for data exchange and user incentive model. key team members heatherm huang polyu m.des. (interaction design) ceo,co-founder mailtime. founding team talkbox. co-founded jiong daily podcast gary lau hkust b.sc. (cs) co-founder mailtime. founding team talkbox. charlie sheng bisu b.a (eng) cuhk m.a (lin) cmo maitime. writer technode/techcrunch maggie deng state university new york buffalo m.econ cco mdt. former chief editor jpm blockchain chen hkbu b.sc. (cs) hkbu m.sc. (itm) lead engineer mailtime. founding team talkbox. rept sun yat-sen b.sc (cs) cuhk m.sc (cs) lead engineer mailtime. founding team talkbox. aoni wang peking b.a (advertising) cmu m.a (art mgmt) designer mailtime measurable ai. carson cuhk b.sc (cs) kth royal institute technology(cs) backend engineer mailtime early investors paul buchheit combinator partner creator gmail jared friedman combinator partner scribd cto bob founder zhenfund co-founder new oriental (nyse: edu) shoucheng zhang founder danhua capital professor stanford mengqiu wang founder crystal streams capital former engineering baidu gary rieschel partner qiming ventures softbank partner mark pincus founder and ceo zynga gang wang angel investor didi taxi mingming huang founder future capital brad bao partner kinzon capital jenny zeng magic stone capital ding chun chinarock capital angel investor youku and musically achievements techcrunch disrupt startup battlefield finalist apple app store "best combinator winter wmc yfn innovation award champion bma best mobile app awards best lifestyle app gold winner appy awards communication apps finalist references google privacy. july retrieved from https://privacy.google.com major challenges blockchain mainstream adoption: industry view. may). retreived from https://cointelegraph.com/news/major-challenges-to-blockchain-mainstream-adoptio n-industry-view interactive advertising bureau. blocking: who blocks ads, why and how win them back. july retreived from http://www.iab.com/wp-content/uploads///iab-ad-blocking--who-blocksads-why-and-how-to-win-them-back.pdf yong &sheng tai yan jiu bao gao april ).retrieved from http://tech.qq.com/a//.htm#p= ethereum.(, july retrieved from https://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethereum adblock report. february retrieved from https://pagefair.com/blog//adblockreport foursquare predicts chipotle's sales down nearly foot traffic reveals the start mixed recovery. april retrieved from https://medium.com/foursquare-direct/foursquare-predicts-chipotle-s-q-sales-downnearly--foot-traffic-reveals-the-start-of-a-mixed-baf introducing casper "the friendly ghost". august retrieved from https://blog.ethereum.org////introducing-casper-friendly-ghost/ high speed asset transfers for ethereum. july ).retrieved from https://raiden.network internet blockchains cosmos. july retrieved from https://cosmos.network the intelligent cloud dfinity. february retrieved from https://dfinity.network/ fenda. july retrieved from http://fd.zaih.com/