global mutual aid marketplace the blockchain whitepaper v.. notice nothing this whitepaper constitutes legal, financial, business tax advice and you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser before engaging any activity connection herewith. neither medishares foundation ltd. (the foundation), any the project team members who have worked the medishares platform project any way whatsoever (the medishares team) nor any third party service provider shall liable for any kind direct indirect damage loss whatsoever which you may suffer connection with accessing this whitepaper, materials produced the foundation, accessing the website http://www.medishares.org any other materials published the foundation. this whitepaper intended for general informational purposes only and does not constitute prospectus, offer document, offer securities solicitation for investment. the information herein below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. there assurance the accuracy completeness such information and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information. where this whitepaper includes information that has been obtained from third party sources, the foundation and/or the medishares team have not independently verified the accuracy completion such information. there assurance the accuracy completeness such information and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information. this whitepaper does not constitute any offer the foundation the medishares team sell any mds (as defined herein) nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance the platform. the agreement between the foundation (or its affiliate) and you, relation any sale and purchase mds governed only the separate terms and conditions such agreement. the foundation and the medishares team not and not purport make, and hereby disclaims, all representations, warranties undertaking any entity person. prospective purchasers mds should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties (including financial and legal risks and uncertainties) associated with the mds token sale, the foundation and the medishares team. accessing this whitepaper any part thereof, you represent and warrant the foundation and the medishares team follows: (a) you acknowledge, understand and agree that mds may have value, there guarantee representation value liquidity for mds, and mds not for speculative investment; (b) any decision purchase any mds, you have not relied any statement set out this whitepaper; (c) you will and shall your own expense ensure compliance with all laws, regulatory requirements and restrictions applicable you (as the case may be); and (d) you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are not eligible purchase any mds you are citizen, resident green card holder the united states america citizen resident the people's republic china. the agreement for sale and purchase mds shall governed separate token purchase agreement with the terms and conditions such agreement (the token purchase agreement), which shall made available http://www.medishares.org prior the sale any mds. the event any inconsistencies between the token purchase agreement and this whitepaper, the token purchase agreement shall prevail. all statements contained this whitepaper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made the foundation and/or the medishares team may constitute forward looking statements (including statements regarding intent, belief current expectations with respect market conditions, business strategy and plans, financial condition, specific provisions and risk management practices). you are cautioned not place undue reliance these forward-looking statements given that these statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results materially different from that described such forward looking statements. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the date this whitepaper and the foundation and the medishares team expressly disclaims any responsibility (whether express implied) release any revisions these forward-looking statements reflect events after such date. this whitepaper may translated into language other than english and the event conflict ambiguity between the english language version and translated versions this whitepaper, the english language version shall prevail. you acknowledge that you have read and understood the english language version this whitepaper. part this whitepaper copied, reproduced, distributed disseminated any way without the prior written consent the foundation. project overview project background origin evolution ancient times. the earliest mutual aid organisations came the form civil mutual aid organisation among marine fishing folks, which product had developed spontaneously the fishing community. back then, ten fishing boats small fishing community were put out sea and any given boat(s) was wrecked the storms, the crews' family members home would result trapped hopeless situation without financial support for sustenance. hence, became practice fishermen to, before going out sea, enter into spontaneous deed commitment amongst them, the owners each fishing boat pooling their money for the purpose living security for their families the case loss sea. this was civil mutual aid organisation the most primitive form. however, it's hard popularize this mode mutual aid due limited number fishermen fishing community, well increased risk with larger boat sizes and boatload, which was not sustainable with the limited pool money. against this context, specialists came perform this mutual aid function professional manner. with increasing number participants, was found the nation that this was highly capital-intensive trade with high financial risk well, the extent that common folk were not qualified for doing business like this instead this work could only entrusted those who were licensed for this particular purpose. this was the market background for the formation modern insurance industry. insurance market global market the total premium income accounts for trillion global economic output, vast market terms its size market value. china market the total premium income counts for y=. trillion with rapid yoy growth rate .%, record new high. total assets insurance industry stands y=. trillion, the largest global insurance market. with its vast population base, the overall size the chinese insurance market absolutely big figure. what unequal, however, that per capita premium and policy holding china are much lower level than counterparts developed countries. result, conflicts arise that insurance penetration rate does not match increasingly higher standard living, which reflected rich material life the absence corresponding method risk response; and the mechanism and innovation insurance industry whole lag behind the pace industrial development the insurance mutual aid industry rapidly expanding, whilst the overall industrial mechanism and innovation are relatively backward. mounting health risk health risk closely tied environmental pollution, with intense outbreak cancers expected the years ahead. august world cancer report was published who, the first report global cancers for years, which warns potential outbreak cancer cases the coming years, china was ranked no. all nations the incidents cancer cases almost representing global total, and nearly one half new cancer cases was predicted global scale. according the latest chinese cancer registry annual report, each minute patients are diagnosed with malignant tumors and patients died cancer, which lung cancer the highest incidence, following gastric cancer, colorectal cancer, liver cancer and esophagus cancer. top malignant tumors count for .%, female breast cancer the highest incidence. the worsening health risk, together with increasing medical cost, makes mutual aid service great demand everybody the world. disadvantages traditional mode high threshold admission for traditional modes insurance, capital efficiency less than due lot funds being paid salary insurance brokers and overheads business operation. low operational efficiency most insurance organisations are overstaffed, and overall mechanism lags behind the pace market development, leading avoidably low operational efficiency whole. privacy issues traditional on-boarding processes require much personal data from the user, including card, medical history and the like. such personal information usually stored centralised databases which are exposed the risk information leakage. high probability rejected claims insurance rules and procedures for execution claim settlement are mainly established, published and modified centralised insurer, which unavoidably involves human subjective factors, therefore, it's problem having seriously valued order secure the participant's legal interest. this problem particular significant the context amendment insurance rules. capital security issues traditional mode insurance features inability ensure that the insurer prevented from abuse raised funds, lack specialised capital pool, absence financing model, and centralised data storage mode unable ensure traceability all payment records, which basically like black box for the participating users. advantages decentralisation zero threshold admission threshold for participation and exit, anyone optional for participation and exit any time he/she wishes. what's more, one required pay any charge case illness, each participant should only pay the charge when conditions for claim settlement are met (such incidence serious illness). on-chain verification blockchain-based identity authentication offers highly secures privacy protection. moreover, data rigorously encrypted and the inquirer's personal information subjected authentication smart contract for identity recognition. only the person who owns that private key can authorize view his/her decrypted identity information another person. high capital efficiency when the platform (as defined below) fully developed, very high proportion the funds paid user will used for the purpose mutual aid. (-a)% the funds will applied towards automatic settlement after occurrence, and portion the fee paid the contract creator the platform will applied towards supporting and rewarding community development. incentive mechanism any organisation and individual (which properly licensed and/or otherwise qualified, assessed the platform) may create shared mutual aid contract based the smart contract template provided the platform, and collect fees the form mds (as defined below) from the users the platform. this will substantially diversify application scenarios for future mutual aid use cases, and satisfy those scenarios unavailable far. capital pool the funds (in the form mds) are locked based upon the terms smart contract, such that the issuer, the platform and the entity which creates the shared mutual aid contract are all prevented from accessing transferring the funds. additional capital pool financial model needed all. there contact with the mutual aid funds any underwriting activity being carried out the platform, envisaged that the platform itself will not deemed having the characteristics insurance company. high operational efficiency the problems arising from subjective judgment about standard claim settlement are solved triggering conditions objective machine-based data source. thanks un-modifiable character blockchain smart contract, settlement process will locked for execution tokens with smart contract, ensure positive performance settlement committed. global market based borderless circulation character mds, the medishares marketplace platform open global users complete the transaction settlement and liquidation blockchain. the vision what will insurance mutual aid like the future? believe that the future insurance rested neither the skyscrapers insurance company nor internet-based e-policy that seemingly reduces some operational cost, rather, the insurance product the future must rely mutual aid "smart contract", which truly reduces operational costs the insurance close zero. within the ability write mutual aids contracts smart contracts, mutual aid contract market will emerge. this what medishares going do! with blockchain technology, hope transform productive relation mutual insurance industry, enable insurance return its nature sharing benefits with the community. about mutual aid market mutual aid model mutual aid may effected entities individuals with homogeneous risk profile and demands, becoming user mutual aid program complying with certain rules, and paying certain charges establish pool mutual aid money, which will used discharge mutual aid liability for any and all loss caused incurred arising from connection with occurrence defined event(s) set out such rules (e.g. death, disability disease the participating user, reaching certain age and validity terms). for example, new user may required recharge for the first time, and maintain the balance his/her account not less than hereafter, entitled for y=, mutual aid amount the event serious illness, establish "self-help helping others" type mutual aid based complying with mutual aid program rules among all users. users may exit any time he/she wishes. the key this form mutual aid are well established rules, and this the major reason why realisable through smart contract. mutual aid market size after nearly years market education, serious illness mutual aid modes are gradually understood and accepted the public. only over new mutual aid users participated this industry; far, overall size mutual aid users more than ,,; the end the number mutual aid users will hopefully hit ,,. the incremental market potential tremendous. medishares platform what medishares? medishares intended ethereum-based, decentralised, open-source platform which will provide all the tools required for users and contract creators enter into mutual aid contract (the platform), initially operated and owned the singapore based foundation and/or its affiliates. upon completion development, the platform will subject autonomous management and operation the entire medishares community, and any organisation individual from all over the world may allowed free participation user contract creator the open community the platform. globally, any organisation individual can qualified for settlement under mutual aid contract locking medishares mds, eligible for the mutual aid amount specified the contract. globally, any organisation individual (which properly licensed and/or otherwise qualified, assessed the platform) can create mutual aid contracts via the smart contract template provided the platform, and mds will paid these contract creators. function modules participation module the user can join mutual aid scheme through sending the required amount mds smart contract. when the contract creator creates the mutual aid smart contract, they need define parameter and a>=. (-a)% the mds will locked smart contract. locked mds may only withdrawn two ways, i.e. deduction way mutual aid sharing payouts, and user's voluntary request for exit from mutual aid contract. the contract creator will required pay the mds platform fee. the fee will burned the platform, while will held the platform reserve capital. the balance mds locked pool less than updated equally shared sum, the user will disqualified from the mutual aid scheme. avoid such situation, the user would required send further recharged mds smart contract where it's locked, maintain the membership for the mutual aid scheme. the user can initiate request smart contract return mds his wallet after deducting fee and equally shared amount, and exit from the mutual aid scheme. participation module supports two different forms, namely, individual and organisation. individual form includes participation and recharging for the user and his/her relatives/friends. organisation form supports corporate operation for participation its employees. settlement module the platform allows settlement through the usage mds. due the character mds being limited, good because resistant inflation, but vulnerable the risk price fluctuation. once mutual aid event occurs, the user requesting for mutual aid required pledge with some his/her mds, used introduce third-party assessment organisation approved the platform for verifying the trueness such event occurred alleged the user. settlement module includes two key coefficients: age coefficient and fee-deducting coefficient. age coefficient: the mutual aid money sharing the user different age group varies. fee-deducting coefficient: will able differentiate mutual aid amounts between users ensure fairness, that is, the user with less serious illness will paid with lower mutual aid amount. settlement rules the actuarial model medishares totally different from its traditional counterpart, insurance. the main purpose the insurance actuarial model increase corporate profit rate. only introducing more complex insurance mode, the client with seriously unsymmetrical right know enticed overpay insurance premium, hence the objective actuarial model like this entirely contrary the client's legal interest. medishares, there requirement make profit way payment mutual aid premium and claim settlement. then existing actuarial model fully invalidated, the other hand, new actuarial model will become post equal sharing model, which enables each user the system have more impartial mutual aid. such actuarial models contract creators more fully aligned with the interests users. settlement data acquisition module settlement data acquisition mainly includes two ways: for mutual aid contracts with access third-party reliable data seeds (e.g. disastrous weather insurance), smart contracts will directly trigged via oracle(s) (which are able conclusively determine outcomes events) for sharing and settlement. medishares will, strategic cooperation with several other blockchain technology companies, obtain reliable oracle data, including blockchain agreement with delphy decentralised forecast market and scry industry-wide classification data agreement. ii. for mutual aid contracts without access third-party reliable data seeds (e.g. serious illness mutual aid), information will shared and settled way claim settlement investigation and publication investigation results. the user requesting for mutual aid payout required pledge certain amount mds commitment trueness, and pay investigation fee approved third-party assessment organisations. investigation result will publicised via dapp for period one week, during which all users participating such mutual aid contract are obliged report (as supervisor) about the behavior fraud the user question. when the number community users large enough, community witness mechanism can introduced lieu notarial investigation procedure, order further reduce the cost claim settlement. community witness mechanism any user medishares community can become "witness" candidate after depositing certain amount mds. upon the request user for payout mutual aid, the smart contract will propose preferred witness the basis specifically published stochastic algorithm (inc. comprehensive considerations such geographical location). after being selected, the witness needs meet with the user claimant, review related information, put all information into file, sign confirmation, and for this work the witness will rewarded mds after completion settlement. subsequent checks indicate that the user has falsified the claim information, which the witness fails discover timely manner, the witness' deposit will forfeited and used working capital the foundation. with the incentive being rewarded mds, the witness will provide accurate and reliable information input for all parties the contract, order for the impartial and efficient execution the smart contract. community supervisor mechanism any user, immediately upon discovery potential act fraud, may anonymously pledge certain amount mds and entitled report such falsification. response, the foundation will step investigate the same, way random replacement other risk assessment organisation witness. where the fraud reported verified true, the reporting user will gain mds pledged the applicant the reward; converse case inaccurate report, mds pledged the reporting user will forfeited and used working capital the foundation. each the procedures above will recorded way corresponding hash record the blockchain. with the incentive economic benefits, the role the supervisor helps leverage the power risk assessment organisation/witness, effectively reduce conspired fraud risk assessment organisation/witness, and ensure impartial execution the smart contract more effective manner. risk control the biggest risk traditional insurance model from cheating the centralised system organiser (i.e. traditionally the insurer). database controller secretly puts the participating user's information the database and collects the payout private, this will not discovered another user. this case, it's difficult carry out self-justification, which, the past, it's common practice endorsed government department audited professional company. this not only tremendously costly, but there also lack complete transparency the ordinary user. the time registration the platform, personal information each user encrypted before writing onto blockchain. the exit rules the platform will also written blockchain. moreover, necessary, the recorded information can inquired the user any time. once written into the blockchain, this information cannot changed any individual even any nation. this the most bullet-proof method self-justification date. contract market only mutual aid contracts which comply with medishares standards accepted the platform, which include without limitation to: compliance with community management regulations medishares; and compliance with unanimously agreed fee rates medishares. envisaged that settlement results will judged way oracle(s) the witness/supervisor mechanism. contract creator's rights obligations rights: when the contract creator creates the mutual aid smart contract, they need define parameter and a>=. the mds will paid (by the user participating the mutual aid contract) the contract creator fee, out which the contract creator will required pay the mds platform fee. the fee will burned the platform, while will held the platform reserve capital. obligations: addition payment ethereum gas (to the underlying ethereum blockchain network) needed for the creation the mutual aid smart contract, contract creators shall also pledge with the platform certain amount mds, which intended, the one hand, avoid uncommitted invalid mutual aid contracts the platform, and the other hand, the number mds pledged will represent the weight and ranking the mutual aid contract the platform. mutual aid contract with greater weight and ranking will gain better showcasing position the platform, and through this able attract more users for participation. application scenarios mutual aid contract for serious illness serious illness insurance contract mainly covers insurance for serious illness such cancer, for which settlement completed upon completion claim settlement investigation, result publicity and community supervision, and general rule there will half-year observation period. any company platform can create specific serious illness mutual aid contract based the smart contract template the platform. pain point data indicates that the percentage chinese people buying life health insurance only despite the situation ever increasing health risks, which the primary cause excessive cost traditional insurance products. mds application globally, any organisation individual (which properly licensed and/or otherwise qualified, assessed the platform) can act mutual aid contract creator create mutual aid contract the platform. this regard, zhongtopia, the largest mutual aid platforms china, interested becoming one the mutual aid contract creators the platform, create mutual aid contracts with the tools available the platform. with mutual aid members, zhongtopia joins member medishares community, its rich experiences mutual aid community operation and product design will empower the platform early development stage. zhongtopia also plans share with the mds open-source community its national-level invention patent blockchain-based mutual aid contract and operation method and system thereof applied mutual aid contract for x-sports fans x-sports are becoming important activity those who seek for thrilling experiences other than city life, and increasing popular among young people. pain point take diving x-sports example, the number global diving fans large, but this risky sport the highest death rate not matched corresponding accident mutual aid product. mds application through the platform, the members diving association (e.g. professional association diving instructors) community can create mutual aid contracts targeting diving fans. mutual aid contract for various illness according the data published ministry health the people's republic china, china has more than million patients chronic diseases, and death rate patients chronic diseases counts for national total. pain point many patients chronic diseases (e.g. hbv) are reluctant buy insurance for fear disclosure personal information (which may result unemployment). mds application with cryptographic methods such zero-knowledge proof, anonymous illness mutual aid contracts blockchain can protect the user's privacy, while the same time deliver fair and impartial mutual aid assistance. mutual aid contract for supercar owners only take wenzhou, china example, the past years, porsche cars, maserati cars, bentley cars, rolls-royce cars, lamborghini cars and ferrari cars were applied and approved license plates. pain point due expensive maintenance price, supercars are declined for insurance most insurers, supercar owners are discouraged expensive insurance premium. illustrate, the seasonal expenditure top gear hunan satellite could not afford pay the insurance premium for one test drive ferrari gto. mds application supercar club owner can remarkably reduce the cost creating mutual aid contracts for use other supercar owners. mutual aid contract for disastrous weather recent years, the frequency extreme weather (mainly the forms extremely high air temperature, typhoon, drought etc) has increased yearly basis compared past years. wmo suggests that global warming from greenhouse gas emission the principal cause which results frequent extreme weather around the globe. pain point disastrous weather small probability event certain geographic area, but from global view occurs relatively. with the trend increased frequency these event, many families suffer lot result. mds application automatic triggering smart contract achieved reading global independent and unbiased weather and earthquake related interface, realize full automatic mutual aid contract its truest sense. mutual aid contract for virtual asset the platform makes virtual asset insurance possible. pain point with more and more virtual digital assets coming into the life ordinary people, market demand for safe virtual asset insurance increasing. mds application the user can create mutual aid contracts established for the risk loss from transaction virtual asset; once the user suffers loss and provides publishable evidence, he/she will recovered such loss. technical modules system architecture this system includes the following core components: ethereum smart contract dapp oracle ipfs dapp dapp will provide web-based function entry for excellent user experience. mutual aid contract creators can create and share smart contracts dapp. the user can view his/her balance mds dapp, view various mutual aid contracts, receive notice etc. publicity and voting modules will fulfill community management related functions, and publicised documents and images will stored ipfs. dapp architecture data api services the platform will open partial data and api interfaces third-party actuaries, claim settlement organisations well mutual aid contract creators, make possible connection the platform with third-party systems, reduce third-party use cost, with uncompromised privacy protection for the user, and avoid the risk data leakage. oracle smart contract executed ethereum virtual machine (evm), which closed environment, and smart contracts are generally not able obtain data which external the evm. oracles can help smart contracts obtain information external evm, and the principle realisation contact with external oracle through event, and then the data inputted back into the evm the oracle. sometimes, oracle(s) are needed judge the settlement result certain mutual aid contracts the platform. privacy protection technology higher level privacy protection required for anonymous illness mutual aid contract. the goal that prior application for claim settlement, identity information all users joining the mutual aid scheme will inputted manner that verifiable yet untraceable. blockchain-based "zero-knowledge" proof project alchemy will employed address privacy protection. system capacity with increasing number users, the system required meet the requirement deductions small amounts initiated large number users. performance bottleneck pow-based ethereum public blockchain likely occur and deal with this issue, the platform's technical team will continue keep close eye the solutions new blockchain technical platform. the main focus the technical team will the side chain solution presented cosmos and dpos public chain solution presented eos. fairness all participants core value medishares minimizing operational cost the philosophy "all for one, and one for all", and regarding everyone both participant and beneficiary. mds token generation mds from the time official online operation ethereum, the platform will automatically and initially generate total billion mds tokens (mds) based ethereum smart contract erc standards. the foundation (or its affiliate) will the original issuer all mds. usage mds mds utility token which may only utilised the platform for payment users participate the mutual aid claims contract, and payout mutual aid claims the platform. ownership mds carries rights, express implied, other than the right use mds means enable usage and interaction with the platform, successfully completed and deployed. different participants (mutual aid contract creators and users the platform) hold different amount mds, for sound liquidity and circulation according their respective requirements. mds supervised under smart contract, and realises locking insurable interest without capital pool. there will reinvestment redeploying mds which are locked the smart contract. mds non-refundable functional utility token and cannot exchanged for cash (or its equivalent value any other virtual currency) any payment obligation the foundation any affiliate. mds does not any way represent any shareholding, participation, right, title, interest the foundation any other company, enterprise undertaking, nor will mds entitle token holders any promise revenue, fees, profits investment returns. mds not intended constitute securities singapore any relevant jurisdiction. details usage mds the time participating mutual aid scheme, the user will charged service fee the contract creator equal the mds (as determined the contract creator), out which the contract creator will required pay the mds the platform platform fee. the fee will burned the platform (i.e. sent address which private key not controlled anyone, and then will destroyed), while will held the platform reserve capital. any user can view such information via ethereum blockchain browser, ensure publicity and transparency. order create mutual aid contract, certain amount mds belonging the contract creator needs locked well. contract market will form quasi e-commerce profit model, such that mutual aid creators will need lock more mds gain higher ranking and better market exposure, attract more users sign (and allow the contract creator rewarded with more mds). result, the greater the number users joining the mutual aid scheme, the more mds which will locked smart contract. the number transferrable mds will reduced, leading lowered supply-demand ratio. the extent secondary market exchange for trading mds does develop, would run and operated wholly independently the foundation (or its affiliates), the sale mds and the platform. particular, you understand and accept that mds: (a) not represent confer you any right any form with respect the foundation (or any its affiliates) its revenues assets, including without limitation any right receive future revenue, shares, ownership right stake, share security, any voting, distribution, redemption, liquidation, proprietary (including all forms intellectual property), other financial legal rights equivalent rights, intellectual property rights any other form participation relating the platform, the foundation and/or its service providers; (b) are not intended representation money (including electronic money), security, commodity, bond, debt instrument any other kind financial instrument investment; (c) are not loan the foundation any its affiliates and there expectation profit; and (d) not provide you with any ownership other interest the foundation any its affiliates. public sale program mds medishares project has total number billion mds, will offered for sale the foundation. distribution plan remaining mds: will allocated for the management board reserve fund, apply operations and maintenance fund for the management board the foundation, opened yearly basis; will allocated for the community development reserve fund, apply reward partners contributing community construction, opened yearly basis; will allocated for the reserve fund for the founding and development team, distribute founding team members, early contributors and prospective team members, reward their contribution community construction, design and development products, well community operation. incentive the team, will only unlocked one year after the public sale, and the total amount will unlocked over four years the total amount will unlocked yearly). project budget all proceeds the public sale will applied towards the foundation's objects, including without limitation promoting and supporting research, design and development of, and advocacy for decentralised cryptographic blockchain solutions build transparent, free and reliable mutual aid markets. preliminary budget plan follows: core development, this part funds will applied development the understructure, contract and interface, order further enhance user experience and develop new functions the future (including labor cost, and the costs research and development various software and hardware). security, the foundation will make continuous investment security order ensure the safety mds locked the smart contracts. have planned for series security audits. each and every main function subjected security audit before online application, before such function considered deploy main network. operation, ensure efficient and stable operation the platform, will recruit professional operation, customer service and management staffs, and build efficient operation team, and increase stability and extensibility the platform. marketing, this portion the funds will applied community construction activities, and promotion the platform the masses through traditional marketing channel. legal compliance, blockchain emerging industry, and laws all countries will have major impact the platform. compliance will become one the key factors success the platform. therefore, set special budget cope with potential legal risk, addition, we'll strictly implement auditing and accounting procedures, and establish well-designed legal procedures, ensure that the platform meets regulatory requirements all laws and regulations (in particular, laws which relate insurance and mutual aid organisations and markets). this regard, have instructed specialist counsel singapore from tzedek law llc advise the mds token sale. business development, the operation the platform requires business partnership with various organisation with insurance requirements established, well cooperation with actuaries and data management organisations. development roadmap medishares community medishares community composed veterans with long and rich experiences insurance, mutual aid, blockchain technology and other industries, who have established track records great contribution promoting industrial development, and respectful influence respective industries. with profound understanding and keen insight their respective industries, these team members will contribute rapid development the project the long run. organisation structure strategic partners business partners business partners medishares will include medical establishments, mutual aid organisations, mutual insurance companies etc. zhongtopia the biggest mutual aid platform china, with million+ users zhongtopia, mutual aid online platform was founded and obtained million rmb venture capital from csc group china leading zhongtopia app production, and released blockchain system for public information disclosure days after the app go-alive, the mutual aid joiners reached million zhongtopia announced its blockchain solution the demoday global blockchain summit zhongtopia participated the global internet summit and become the blockchain product the summit zhongtopia announced 'xinchain', public welfare blockchain based ethereum zhongtopia voted two prestigious awards the china blockchain creativity contest. zhongtopia mutual aid joiners reached million, and becomes the biggest mutual aid online platform china. blockchain technology partner delphy decentralised forecast market scry industry-wide classified data blockchain agreement infocorp using crypto-assets unlock value illiquid assets risk warning you clearly understand that blockchain and virtual currencies tokens, including without limitation ethereum, qtum, bitcoin and mds, are new and unverified technologies that are beyond control the foundation the issuer (as the case may be). the platform and the project are subject the following risks, which you expressly acknowledge and assume: regulatory risks since blockchain technology still the early stage development, the regulatory status mds and/or the platform, and distributed ledger technology generally unclear unsettled many jurisdictions, including china. impossible predict how, when whether regulatory agencies may apply existing regulations create new regulations with respect such technology and its applications, including mds and/or the platform. also, still unclear how the current policies will implemented. all these factors may bring uncertainty project investment and liquidity. blockchain technology has become the main target supervision major countries the world. regulatory actions could negatively impact mds and/or the platform various ways. for example, there legal limitation the use and sale token, mds may suffer restriction and obstruction, the development the platform and mds may directly terminated. competition risks with advancement information technology and mobile internet, digital assets (with "bitcoin" representative) are gradually prospering and various decentralised applications are continuously emerging, heating competition the industry. with the steady appearance and expansion other application platforms, the community will face constant operational pressure and certain risks from market competition. risk talent loss the foundation has presently gathered technical team and expert consultants with leading advantage and profound experiences their respective professional sectors, including professionals with lasting engagement the blockchain industry and core team with rich experience development and operation internet product. the core competitiveness medishares the industry lies its stable core team and consultant resources, the loss which may affect stable platform operation its future development. risk development failure due fund shortage case adverse downturn the virtual currency market (leading low prices for mds and other virtual currency raised the foundation) where there prolonged development time, the team may face shortage development funds and possibly even suffer subsequent serious shortage fund for all activities. such case, there will risk that the platform may not developed intended. risk private key loss after the digital wallet address mds extracted the buyer, the only means operate content contained the address his/her associated secret key (private key wallet passcode). users are personally responsible for protecting the associated secret keys which will used sign transactions and prove their asset ownership. users understand and accept that his/her private key document passcode are respectively lost stolen, his/her mds associated with his/her user account (address) passcode will unrecoverable and permanently lost. the best method for secure storage log-in document store the secret key separately one several places and avoid using shared computer for this purpose. risk hacking theft there possibility that hackers, other malicious groups, organisations, entities nations may attempt interrupt interfere with the platform and/or mds with any number method(s), including but not limited dos attack, sybil attack, guerrilla-style attack, malware attack and homogeneity attack. risk absence loss insurance unlike bank account accounts with other financial institutions, mds related blockchain network are generally without any insurance guarantee. for losses under any conditions, public individual public entity will provide insurance. risks core protocols currently the platform developed the basis ethereum. case any defect, unexpected malfunction attack ethereum, mds the platform may suffer stop loss function manner hard expect. given that mds and the platform are based the ethereum protocol and architecture, any malfunction, breakdown abandonment the ethereum protocol architecture may have material adverse effect mds and/or the platform. moreover, advances cryptography, technical advances (including without limitation development quantum computing), could present unknown risks mds and/or the platform rendering ineffective the cryptographic consensus mechanism that underpins the ethereum protocol. system risk there are risks related neglected critical defects open source software large-scale failure global network infrastructure. though some the risks may drop over time due bug fixes and breakthroughs computation bottleneck, other risks are still unpredictable, such political factors natural disasters that may interrupt part the internet the global internet whole. risks due bugs cryptography development rapid cryptography development and advancement science and technology such quantum computer may bring the risk cracking the platform, leading possible mds loss. risks insufficient interest there possibility that the platform may fail used large number individuals entities. this means that the public not have enough interest developing and improving the relevant distributed applications. such lack use interest may negatively impact the development the platform and mds. risk poor acceptance user shortage first all mds shall not purchased for any investment, speculative other financial purpose. there guarantee that the mds will have any value. even mds may have some value after some time, such value can very small the platform not accepted the market and therefore short users. there possibility that due any possible reasons, including but not limited failure business relations marketing strategy, the platform and all the future marketing efforts supported with the raised fund may fail achieve success. such case, there will few follow-up supporters for the platform. course, this will very unfavorable this project. risk platform defect the platform may fail provide normal service due defects caused known unknown reasons (e.g. large-scale node crash), and may even suffer loss user mds serious situation. risk platform product failing reach their expectation buyer's expectation the platform still under development stage, and major changes may made before the launch official version. the expectation imagination mds itself buyers for the function manner (including behaviors participants) the platform mds may not satisfied. such situation may caused any analysis mistake change single design, etc. other unpredictable risks mds which based cryptography fully new technology that has not tested. addition risks already described this white paper, there are other risks that are not yet mentioned not anticipated the founding team. also, other risks may come suddenly, several risks mentioned above may occur combination. supporting documents links important information websites: http://www.medishares.org github: https://github.com/medishares social network channel facebook: https://www.facebook.com/medishares- twitter: https://twitter.com/medishares weibo: http://weibo.com/medishares wechat official account: medishares contact e-mail: reg@medishares.org