medic coin table content introduction features medic emr medic phone telemedicine app folding@home project medicwalk conclusion introduction: there are many coins the market, why you need another coin? mediccoin(medic) unique that has active team developers, promoters, philanthropists, strong community and several products back up. mediccoin adopts openemr and makes more useful for doctors and patients. the developers are going put steroid openemr make ten times better than what now. openemr its form medicemr allows patients and doctors accept medic coin form payment for office visits. mediccoin team working hard release medicphone, telemedicine app that allows patients use mediccoin see online doctor. medicphone will integrated with medicemr give you complete and powerful electronic medical record. mediccoin allows you mine, stake, masternode, and harvest. the scrypt algorithm proof work allows you earn coins for each block found. staking allows you earn coins. mediccoin's masternode owners enjoy medic per block found. lastly, you share your computing power towards stanford university's folding@home project with their research protein folding find the cure for diseases and research drug properties, you get reward with medic coins. mediccoin marketting team dedicated sign different merchants accept medic coin form payment. the marketing team hold experiences the healthcare and their partners, including but not limited canabis shops, beauty salons and various retails. the end goal continuously increasing medic utility. mediccoin unique and strive good things make life better. please help mediccoin build strong community and foundation. features: there are coins each pos block. masternode owners enjoy coins pos block found. staking allows you enjoy mediccoins pos block. masternode owner you need mediccoins. single wallet can both staking and masternode the same time. the same time, you can have multiple masternodes single wallet. there are coins each pow block. the difficulty retargeting every block. the last pow block that time stanford university's folding@home kicks allow you earn mediccoin through using your cpu/gpu help scientists accelerate healthcare research multiple drugs/ medication properties and various diseases including alheizmer's, diabetes, congenital diseases, etc. medic coin specifications: coin name mediccoin coin ticker medic pow algorithm: scrypt difficult retargeting: every block maximum block size: max supply: mediccoin block time: seconds stake age pow block reward coins per block last pow block block pos block reward: medic owner; stakers) masternode collateral: medic medic emr blockchain quick review blockchain fundamentally new type database technology that optimized tackle unique set challenges. historically, databases have been used central data repositories organizations support transaction processing and computation. however, databases are rarely shared between organizations due variety technology and security concerns. blockchain shared, distributed database transactions among parties that designed increase transparency, security, and efficiency. blockchain database (with copies the database replicated across multiple locations nodes) transactions (between two more parties) split into blocks (with each block containing details the transaction such the seller, the buyer, the price, the contract terms, and other relevant details) which are validated the entire network via encryption combining the common transaction valid the result the encoding the same for all nodes and added the chain prior transactions (as long the block validated). the block invalid, "consensus" nodes will correct the result the non-conforming node. blockchain ledger transactions blockchain has the following advantages over conventional centralized database. security: blockchain relies encryption validate transactions verifying the identities parties involved transaction. this ensures that "false" transaction cannot added the blockchain without the consent the parties involved. complex mathematical calculation known "hash" performed each time transaction added the blockchain, which depends the transaction data, the dentities the parties involved the transaction, and the result previous transactions. the fact that the current state the blockchain depends previous transactions ensures that malicious actor cannot alter past transactions. this because previous transaction data changed, will impact the current value the hash and not match other copies the ledger. transparency: its very nature, blockchain distributed database that maintained and synchronized among multiple nodes for example, multiple counterparties who transact with each other frequently. addition, transaction data must consistent between parties order added the blockchain the first place. this means that design, multiple parties can access the same data (in some cases locally within their organizations) thus significantly increasing the level transparency relative conventional systems that might depend multiple "siloed" databases behind firewalls that are not visible outside single organization. efficiency: conceptually, maintaining multiple copies database with blockchain would not appear more efficient than single, centralized database. however, most real-world examples (including several the case studies examined capital markets), multiple parties already maintain duplicate databases containing information about the same transactions. many cases, the data pertaining the same transaction conflict resulting the need for costly, time-consuming reconciliation procedures between organizations. employing distributed database system such blockchain across organizations can substantially reduce the need for manual reconciliation, thus driving considerable savings. addition, some cases blockchain offers the potential for organizations develop common "mutual" capabilities that eliminate the need for duplication the same effort across multiple organizations. hipaa regulations and compliance guidelines before the discussion concerning its implementations, imperative discuss issues regarding health insurance portability and accountability act (hipaa). there are couple primary concern rules that include cloud computing guidelines, privacy, and security rule. the main aim this paper not conduct hipaa law full investigation. upon the moment relevant application, issues that are pertinent implementation discussion will discussed explicitly. privacy rule according the mediccoin team business model and due electronic medical records (emr) sensitive nature, imperative for the privacy rule requirement observed. this due the private health information transmission and storage. the privacy rule, this case, refers the health plans, health care clearinghouses among other healthcare organizations that transit their work using the electronic form. another party that affected hipaa compliance the service providers that act their behalf. when comes the second hand agents also known the business associates (ba), adhering business associate contract (bac) crucial. for many years, hipaa has placed strict requirement the above agreements. from initial investigation, there are points merit that include the requirements them that are authorized use, the use the de-identified information and the definition the private information defined. de-identified health information has been defined the health information that provides identification person where reasonable basis that ensures that the information can used individual identification. when comes de-identified data restrictions that use restrictions, below the summary the restrictions. for example, there are restrictions when comes the use disclosure the de-identified health information. this case, this information does not provide individual identification even provide reasonable basis identify individual. boundary that separates identifiable and de-identifiable data acts source information that restricts individuals. this boundary associated with the population. healthcare infrastructure conundrum nowadays, healthcare prescribers can use system known e-prescribing transmit prescriptions electronically. according iom report titled future directions for the national healthcare quality and disparities reports, the quality care delivered can improved and medication cost reduced prescribers start adopting health tool. medical errors that occur during prescription, description, administration and patient's care monitoring stages can reduced through e-prescribing adoption. according various studies, medication errors can also reduced through the elimi-nation the handwriting interpretation. through this elimination, the communication time between office staff and pharmacies also reduced. the move can also avoid the high costs adverse drug events. year, adverse drug events come approximately and the us. this results cost billion year. among many aspects e-prescribing, the clinical decision has large number computerized tools that are directed towards improving patient's care. the clinical decision support has computerized reminders, offers advice related drug selection, dosage, allergies and interactions among many others. once prescription has been placed the system, follows the patient that ends handoff errors avoidance. open source start the movement the medical world, open source comparable peer review. through the software code, users are position test, poke at, test drive and criticize the software since its public. unlike other emr's, users this software can improve, customize and learn code. through this source, physicians can also learn what many have considered black box that only magicians can open. through open source, (patients' and physicians) get enlightened about tools use. lastly, open source affordable with license fee entrance fee. this case, anyone can join it. through this community, issues common interest between patients and physicians can discussed. for those that think starting open source from scratch major issue, mediccoin team have you covered. despite many developed ehrs, this section focuses medicemr. this ehr largely addresses the issue privacy where patients can control their health information. medicemr medicemr branch openemr. the team utilizing openemr experience and integrate with mediccoin create mediccoin ecosystem. medicemr, like openemr, will meaningful use certified. users will able switch between medicemr and openemr flawlessly. here are some rich features the openemr software that medicemr will benefit. feature-rich solution our vibrant community volunteers and contributors have maintained critical openemr features for over decade. with over supported languages, many customizations, and full data ownership.. top this, users need support can take advantage our volunteer support network well over vendors over countries. scheduling advanced scheduling allows clinics create repeating events, automated-workflows triggered check-in, and patient reminds. e-prescribing enter prescription into encounter and have electronically sent the patient's pharmacy. medical billing export billing data standardized, including cms reporting generate cms meaningful use reports with just few clicks lab integration have lab orders automatically sent lab and integrate the results into patient's chart automatically clinical decision rules navigate complex patient algorithms using the clinical decision rules engine ensure the highest quality care for patients. advanced security hipaa-friendly, fine-grained access control objects, and industry-standard password hashing helps protect your practice from intrusion multilingual support available over languages, and customizable add more. medicemr open source emr with blockchain features. with the integration mediccoin payment system, patients can pay doctors for their visits. doctors can reward patients with mediccoin for keeping their blood pressure and diabetes under control. pharmaceutical companies can pay doctors mediccoin for data mining. medicphone telemedicine app according grandview research inc,. the global telemedicine market expected reach usd billion key drivers the market include increasing incidences chronic conditions and rising demand for self-care. furthermore, enhancing application internet, virtual medicine and rising demand for centralization healthcare are expected save cost incurred, which one the critical success factors attributing for the growth telemedicine market. virtual medicine beneficial reducing the emergency room visits and hospitalization rate, thereby augmenting the market growth. the telemedicine market segmented the basis products, and region. the service offers prime channel for various providers communicate the same platform and thus, centralize all the available data. there are five() ways telemedicine helping solo practices reduce healthcare cost: use remote analysis services. remote analysis services, like telepathology and teleradiology, can contribute lower cost and higher quality care they enable highly trained professionals work pooled resource. use these remote services enables low-volume providers have around the clock coverage lower cost. smaller facilities, there may not sufficient volume keep pathologist radiologist fully occupied. telemedicine enables fractional employment. remote monitoring technologies. remote monitoring technologies are enabling patients monitored ambulatory basis when they previously may have needed monitored inpatients. given the high cost providing inpatient services, though, moving some forms observation outpatient basis substantially reduces the costs borne the healthcare system. phone monitoring technologies. the use phone monitoring technologies reduces the cost complications due chronic disease. for instance, increase body weight due fluid retention often sign that someone may soon need hospitalized due heart failure. disease managers with access daily weight information may able help person experiencing fluid retention get the care they need before crisis occurs. averting crises both improves the quality care and lowers costs. at-home triage services. home triage services facilitated televisits with nurses and primary care physicians reduces the unnecessary (and expensive) use emergency room visits. telemedicine appointments. offering telemedicine appointments, providers can reduce the amount their unused capacity that goes waste. many services allow providers start stop accepting patients based upon their current availability. this capacity would otherwise not produce any revenue, providers are able provide remote patient visits rate that lower than the one they normally offer. this turn reduces system costs enabling patients receive care lower price point. hospitals can also reduce cost with telemedicine: readmission reduction telemedicine being used key part hospitals' readmission reduction programs help combat high readmission rates. improving the follow-up care and care management range patients--from the chronically ill post-surgical patients hospitals find they can prevent many readmissions. each patient's parameters were reviewed telemonitoring nurses, who were able then intervene for immediate teachings when the patient was out their range. better staff utilization telemedicine enables health systems better distribute staff throughout their healthcare facilities and load-balance resources across entire systems, reaching more patients with less strain specialist resources. telemedicine also improves provider-to-provider communication, which can also result improved patient care and result, cost savings. preventative outreach telemedicine can true game-changer when comes preventing hospital admissions facilitating regular and convenient folding@home and mediccoin once the last medic block pow done, folding@home kicks allow you earn mediccoin through cpu/gpu protein folding. folding@home (fah f@h) distributed computing project for disease research that simulates protein folding, computational drug design, and other types molecular dynamics. today, the project using the idle resources personal computers owned volunteers from all over the world. thousands people contribute the success this project.[] f@h software independently runs reinforce biomedical researches with virus prevention while facilitating drug designs utilizing google chrome client from the pande lab stanford university. while you are busy with your everyday activities, your computer working assist biomedical researchers accelerate the mutation calculations prevent variety diseases including alzheimer's disease, cancer, creutzfeldt-jakob disease, cystic fibrosis, huntington's disease, sickle-cell anemia, and type diabetes[][][]. folding@home developed and operated the pande laboratory stanford university, under the direction prof. vijay pande, and shared various scientific institutions and research laboratories across the world.[] the project has pioneered the use computer processing units (cpus) and graphics processing units (gpus) for distributed computing and scientific research. the project uses statistical simulation methodology that paradigm shift from traditional computing methods.[] part the client-server model network architecture, the volunteered machines each receive pieces simulation (work units), complete them, and return them the project's database servers, where the units are compiled into overall simulation. volunteers can track their contributions the f@h website, which makes volunteers' participation competitive and encourages long-term involvement. similarly other distributed computing projects, folding@home quantitatively assesses user computing contributions the project through credit system. all units from given protein project have uniform base credit, which determined benchmarking one more work units from that project official reference machine before the project released.[] folding@home can use the parallel computing abilities modern multi-core processors. the ability use several cpu cores simultaneously allows completing the full simulation far faster. working together, these cpu cores complete single work units proportionately faster than the standard uniprocessor client. this method scientifically valuable because enables much longer simulation trajectories performed the same amount time, and reduces the traditional difficulties scaling large simulation many separate processors.[] each user receives these base points for completing every work unit, though through the use passkey they can receive added bonus points for reliably and rapidly completing units which are more demanding computationally have greater scientific priority.[] users may also receive credit for their work clients multiple machines.[] this point system attempts align awarded credit with the value the scientific results.[] folding@home one the world's fastest computing systems, with speed approximately petaflops[] january this performance from its large-scale computing network has allowed researchers run computationally costly atomic-level simulations protein folding thousands times longer than formerly achieved. since its launch october the pande lab has produced scientific research papers direct result folding@home.[] results from the project's simulations agree well with experiments.[][][] what instantsend? instantsend advanced service that allows for near-instant transactions take place. with this system, inputs can locked specific transactions and verified consensus the masternode network. conflicting transactions and blocks are rejected. consensus cannot reached the masternode network, validation the transaction will occur through standard block confirmation. instantsend able solve the double-spending problem without the longer confirmation times other cryptocurrencies such bitcoin. darksend basics darksend provides true financial privacy obscuring the origins your funds. all the mediccoin your wallet made different "inputs" which you can think separate, discrete coins. darksend makes use innovative process mix your inputs with the inputs two other people, without your coins ever leaving your wallet. you keep full control your money all times. the darksend process works like this: darksend starts off breaking your transaction inputs down into standard denomina-tions. these denominations are mediccoin, mediccoin, mediccoin and mediccoin kind like the paper money that you use every day. your wallet then makes requests specially configured software nodes the network, called "masternodes", these masternodes are then informed that you are interested mixing certain denomination. identifiable information sent the masternodes, they never know "who" you are. important: your wallet only contains these "change addresses." every time mixing event happens, one your addresses used up. once enough them are used, your wallet must create more addresses. however, can only this you have enabled automatic backups. consequently, users who have backups disabled will also have darksend disabled. without darksend, tokens with less history would become increasingly valuable the network grows, because their lack association with prior transactions. without fungibility, there risk that certain tokens could "red listed" and lose some all their value any point the past they had been found used illegal questionable activities. nobody wants hold money that was involved illegal activity, yet after the activities take place, tokens re-enter the supply and pass new users who had connection with the prior illegal acts. remove this issue with the implementation darksend, which included part the core protocol the mediccoin network. medicwalk medicwalk developed motivate user lead active lifestyle, control health conditions and improve while getting crypocurrency mediccoin(medic) for it. medicwalk could used purchase sports-related goods from in-app shop like sportswear, sport nutrition, online fitness yoga courses etc. and could transferred into tradeable mediccoin(medic) one click. users will given ability use their own time and energy make profit. medicwalk would also become place for community with common interests sports, active healthy lifestyle and healthy nutrition. using blockchain technology, mediccoin(medic) wish give every user the ability monetize its' physical activity with obstacles. users will given ability start making profit one click. fast sign smartphone the only thing needed start earning medicwalk. every registered user will given wallet inside medicwalk. all the data well earned and purchased mediccoin(medic) will safely secured it. user will able operate with the wallet. user runs, jogs, walks and dances the distance medicwalk coins are being added his account real-time. the number coins rewarded depends several factors such total distance, time spent, calories burnt (if synchronized with apps with such calculating functions). the future, medicwalk will support smart watch technology well integration with all most popular smart accessories and apps for sports and health activity tracking such as: fitbit, google fit, apple watch, apple health kit, etc. conclusion mediccoin(medic) paramount the success creating net-positive society because research based cryptocurrency with strong community and high utilization; force with potential good things and make life better. owners and investors mediccoin enjoy the profits masternode and pos the same time knowing that they are contributing better society and building better future for later generations. works cited: pande lab. "about folding@home". folding@home. stanford university. retrieved --. pande lab (). "folding@home homepage". folding@home. stanford university. archived from the original september retrieved july vijay pande (february "new fah client, web site, and video". folding@home. typepad.com. retrieved february pande lab (august "folding@home open source faq". folding@home. stanford university. archived from the original (faq) september retrieved july pande; beauchamp; bowman (). "everything you wanted know about markov state models but were afraid ask". methods. (): doi:./j.ymeth.... pmc freely accessible. pmid pande lab. "client statistics os". stanford university. retrieved --. pande lab (july "papers results from folding@home". folding@home. stanford university. archived from the original september retrieved may vincent voelz; gregory bowman; kyle beauchamp; vijay pande (). "molecular simulation initio protein folding for millisecond folder ntl(-)". journal the american chemical society. (): doi:./ja. pmc freely accessible. pmid gregory bowman; vijay pande (). "protein folded states are kinetic hubs". proceedings the national academy sciences. (): bibcode:pnas..b. doi:./pnas.. pmc freely accessible. pmid christopher snow; houbi ngyen; vijay pande; martin gruebele (). "absolute comparison simulated and experimental proteinfolding dynamics" (pdf). nature. (): bibcode:natur...s. doi:./nature. pmid fabrizio marinelli, fabio pietrucci, alessandro laio, stefano piana (). pande, vijay s., ed. kinetic model trp-cage folding from multiple biased molecular dynamics simulations". plos computational biology. bibcode:plscb...em. doi:./journal.pcbi.. pmc freely accessible. pmid "so much more know". science. (): doi:./science...b. pmid heath ecroyd; john carver (). "unraveling the mysteries protein folding and misfolding". iubmb life (review). (): doi:./iub.. pmid yiwen chen; feng ding; huifen nie; adrian serohijos; shantanu sharma; kyle wilcox; shuangye yin; nikolay dokholyan (). "protein folding: then and now". archives biochemistry and biophysics. (): doi:./j.abb.... pmc freely accessible. pmid leila luheshi; damian crowther; christopher dobson (). "protein misfolding and disease: from the test tube the organism". current opinion chemical biology. (): doi:./j.cbpa.... pmid snow; sorin; rhee; pande. (). "how well can simulation predict protein folding kinetics and thermodynamics?". annual review biophysics (review). doi:./annurev.biophys.... pmid verma; s.m. gopal; schug; j.s. oh; k.v. klenin; k.h. lee; wenzel (). massively parallel all atom protein folding single day. advances parallel computing. pp. isbn ----. issn vijay pande; ian baker; jarrod chapman; sidney elmer; siraj khaliq; stefan larson; young min rhee; michael shirts; christopher snow; eric sorin; bojan zagrovic (). "atomistic protein folding simulations the submillisecond timescale using worldwide distributed computing". biopolymers. (): doi:./bip.. pmid bowman; volez; pande (). "taming the complexity protein folding". current opinion structural biology. (): doi:./j.sbi.... pmc freely accessible. pmid chodera, john d.; swope, william c.; pitera, jed w.; dill, ken january "long-time protein folding dynamics from short- time molecular dynamics simulations". multiscale modeling simulation. (): doi:./x. robert best (). "atomistic molecular simulations protein folding". current opinion structural biology (review). (): doi:./j.sbi.... pmid lane; gregory bowman; robert mcgibbon; christian schwantes; vijay pande; bruce borden (september "folding@home simulation faq". folding@home. stanford university. archived from the original september retrieved july jump gregory bowman; daniel ensign; vijay pande (). "enhanced modeling via network theory: adaptive sampling markov state models". journal chemical theory and computation. (): doi:./ctb. jump vijay pande (june "fahcon thinking about how far fah has come". folding@home. typepad.com. archived from the original september retrieved june kyle beauchamp; daniel ensign; rhiju das; vijay pande (). "quantitative comparison villin headpiece subdomain simulations and triplet-triplet energy transfer experiments". proceedings the national academy sciences. (): bibcode:pnas..b. doi:./pnas.. pmc freely accessible. pmid