|page the healthcare industry, large quantity data generated and used instantaneously not only healthcare providers, but also healthcare consumers and researchers. most the data generated healthcare organizations, but unfortunately, the medical data fragmented and dispersed due the current medical data system and regulations from various governances. unfortunately, current regulatory restrictions obstruct and stand the way efficient healthcare system. the hippa (health insurance portability and accountability act) the united states set forth strict guidelines sharing healthcare information among providers, insurers, and consumers, which minimize the sharing healthcare information the name protecting privacy. other countries have similar regulatory restrictions sharing healthcare information, which makes the sharing sensitive personal healthcare information difficult. the inability access patient's complete medical history hinders proper medical care, promotes wasteful medical services, and generates unnecessary administrative overhead. medical data generated current healthcare organizations use individual and incompatible platforms, making the data less reliable. also, the costs setting and maintaining current healthcare platforms are very expensive. this results reduced quality care for patients and healthcare consumers. since the emergence blockchain technology, various platforms have attempted distribute healthcare information securely and efficiently. however, most these platforms have existing limitations due absence profit model, lack benefit between the medical institutions that use the platform, |page regulatory restrictions, difficulty sharing healthcare information amongst health information generators, and patients having difficulty keeping proper record their personal healthcare information because their medical records are dispersed amongst different providers, and because healthcare providers use individual and incompatible platforms. these issues are especially troublesome for patients who might have difficult time expressing themselves clearly. for example, patients with language barriers that are commonly found multicultural countries such united states, patients who aren't able effectively communicate their medical conditions due cognitive deficits and/or physical disabilities, and elders that may find difficulty expressing their condition desperately need guidance. having grown the united states with lot social support and benefit, and currently working lawyers, doctors, and professionals, medibit project team members present new medical business model built blockchain technologies order reform the healthcare system and bring its high-cost structure down tackling the core issues that plague the system. after completing successful medical platform model the us, medibit will actively collaborate with other healthcare platforms create world without medical barriers, and evolve into global network project launching medibit uk, medibit sg, medibit can, medibit jpn, medibit kor, and others. |page medibit will provide hippa-compliment, open platform based blockchain technology, where healthcare consumers can authorize, choose, and control the level sharing their personal health information with healthcare organizations. medibit has distinctive differences compared other proposed healthcare platforms the market the following areas: medibit will incorporate microchip installed card system mobile application (requires pin and/or biological information such fingerprint access the information). medibit card users will able pull their medical history from our secured platform any hospital healthcare provider. the case stolen lost cards, the data won't accessible unless the correct pin entered. healthcare information which dispersed throughout various healthcare organizations can organized the medibit platform with the permission the patient healthcare |page consumer, which will used whenever the consumer wants forward his/her personal healthcare information submitting the chip installed card another healthcare network. downloading the healthcare information stored medibit, which supported blockchain technology, healthcare network can easily access the most up-to-date personal health information without spending extra time and money collect the personal health information from the consumer. although each healthcare organization uses different format store medical data, essential healthcare information including, but not limited to, past medical history, surgical history, allergy, medication list and/or family history, stored similar format, which can easily categorized artificial intelligence, which will develop. consumer who has any difficulty reporting his/her own medical history traditional setup can benefit tremendously from medibit. anyone who has language barriers, cognitive deficits and/or physical/mental disabilities can easily, safely and securely transfer their medical history healthcare providers using their medibit cards. not only will save time and costs the healthcare industry, medibit will also decrease medical errors dramatically. |page medibit ecosystem, medibit platform offers efficient platform for health/medical data producers and consumers along with wide range benefits all while creating realistic revenue for medibit platform. once the medibit project has built its first medibit medical database through partnerships with fitness centers and small medium sized hospitals, medibit will able receive platform usage fee from hospitals, pharmacies, pharmaceutical research institutions, insurance companies, and fitness centers because using medibit platform provides clear economic benefit these organizations and institutions. hospitals the united states spend more than hospital operating costs hire staff manage patient medical information. participating the medibit project, these hospitals can significantly increase hospital revenues significantly reducing hospital operation costs and can escape the difficulty hiring and managing hospital staff. |page for example, medibit platform cuts the hospital operating cost and the number problems caused hiring hospital staff reduced, doctors and hospital operators will happily pay fee employee the medibit platform. fact, all physicians and pharmacists currently involved the medibit project and their associated hospitals already have plans use the medibit platform and pay for platform usage fee. therefore, hospitals and pharmacies are loyal customers the medibit platform well important provider health/medical data build medibit platform's initial database. currently, insurance companies the united states not have efficient means obtain accurate and complete medical history their customers. insurance companies using the medibit platform can obtain the complete medical information the customer all one place, and doing not only can reduce the administrative cost the companies are able provide more accurate premiums. the future, insurance companies will become important member medibit ecosystem. united states, there tremendous interest personal health. reflecting this, there are fitness centers throughout the country, with more than million members and growing. the medibit working closely with fitness centers launch ambitious project. the medibit project will offer advanced massage chairs and weight scales fitness centers. the members these fitness centers will not required pay fee use the massage chair and weight scale but instead share the health data (blood pressure, heart rate, oxygen saturation, weight, and ankle-brachial index) collected medibit platform and fitness centers. |page (a) benefit for the fitness center members fitness center members can use the massage chairs for free after they receive medibit card from their fitness center. using the massage chair and medibit platform, fitness center members can track various health data such blood pressure, heart rate, oxygen saturation, weight, and ankle-brachial index, and receive medibit coin for sharing their health data info which can used for other services offered medibit platform. (b) partnering with medibit, fitness centers can increase their reputation and satisfaction fitness center members providing advanced massage chair service that allows the members relax after workout all free charge. addition, receiving the health information the members provided the medibit platform, fitness centers are able offer exercise programs and/or diet programs the members that have high blood pressure increase body weight. result, fitness centers are able increase their level customer care and revenue without investing large sum money, thanks their partnership with medibit. |page (c) benefits for medibit through this partnership with fitness centers, medibit can have access the massive market health information million people, build initial medical database, and complete part the medibit ecosystem. the medibit platform's initial health and medical database based small and medium sized hospitals, pharmacies and million fitness clubs. (d) development the advanced massage chairs for fitness clubs are completed without investment due partnership with another blockchain project, srcoin. srcoin has already been developing advanced massage chairs with equipped with sensors that collect health data. the cost purchasing the massage chairs from srcoin will paid medibit coins. medibit platform not only helps the healthcare industry save time and money collecting accurate and complete medical data, can drastically reduce medical service errors caused incomplete/inaccurate medical data. |page studies have shown that the healthcare system wastes billion year. medibit platform will drastically lower this waste fixing the main issues that promote inefficient practices and automating strenuous tasks, and ultimately lowering the cost healthcare. the medibit project's goal build robust and competitive healthcare platform that enables every users efficiently and accurately manage and use their health information one place. medibit becomes recognized global standard the united states, pursue global medical platform that not limited countries regions. some medical platforms have been proposed the market. however, virtually all these medical platforms are designed for their own country region, thus hindering themselves from becoming global platform. this results lack attention from medical data producers and consumers due their inborn limitations. the medibit project open platform that allows simple exchange medical data, and the medibit coin will used the process. medibit will provide realistic platform based blockchain technology, offering incentives various health related industries using tools such chip-installed cards, well massage chairs which are already being used widely various settings. strained healthcare system the demand for healthcare growing and puts great pressure government budgets and creates problems for aging population. the congressional budget office calculates that major health programs will account for one-third the growth total federal outlays over the next years and being the largest any major category. yet, the u.s. healthcare system severely inefficient. according propublica, u.s. healthcare system wastes about billion year. u.s. government's answer this problem reduce the federal match for new enrollees and tightening eligibility standards related the federal poverty level. this plan may reduce the spending temporarily, but does not solve the core underlying issue wastes and inefficiencies. medibit platform tackles the core problems that healthcare system faces and process save billions dollars for both patients and healthcare industry. administrative overhead the census bureau reports that percent more employees physician's office are devoted administrative and office functions, such insurance billing and health records management. comparison, only percent employees law firms are devoted administrative work and across all industries just percent employees perform administrative functions. using blockchain technology, medibit can automate and validate claims/ paperwork that normally require professional notary wholly transparent and secure way. not only that the medical data will easily accessible those who have permission view it, will dramatically cut down paperwork and make the process more efficient, which will decrease cost well. unnecessary medical services overtreatment cause preventable harm and waste healthcare. little known about clinician perspectives the problem. physicians reported that median percent overall medical care was unnecessary, including percent prescription medications, percent tests, and percent procedures. the most commonly cited reasons for overtreatment were difficulty accessing medical records, fear malpractice, and pressure /request from patient. medibit will effectively cut down unnecessary medical services training residents appropriate criteria, providing easy access health records, and more practice guidelines. scattered medical history healthcare physician providers and insurance payers are all over the place terms how different entities handle health records, and medibit understands that transitioning another platform long and difficult process. using a.i. (artificial intelligence) technology, medibit can receive and read medical data email/ fax/ letters from hospitals/ clinics and record the data encrypted storage server. until medical institutions are able make the necessary transition medibit platform, this method will ease the process sharing medical data medibit. healthcare industry needs major changes, but tied down institutions and doctors refusing change, and there are many hospitals and doctors that refuse share data because competitive advantage keep data themselves. blockchain healthcare platforms have not yet solved this issue. medibit will solve this issue generating constant flow new data its platform partnering with fitness center industry leaders (such lifetime fitness, fitness, equinox, fitness first, will's fitness and anytime fitness). medibit will set massage chairs equipped with multi-function health tracker the fitness centers and collect various personal health information including, but not limited to, blood pressure, heart rate, oxygen saturation and ankle-brachial index. through partnership with fitness industry which already has large population who has more interest personal healthcare than general population, this platform will used widely with less difficulties imposed regulatory restriction. collected healthcare information using massage chair can mutually exchanged with healthcare organizations for their own data and return reward users with medibit coin. here list potential fitness centers our partnership program: fitness(https://www.lafitness.com/) american gym chain with over clubs across the united states and canada. fitness was formed and based irvine, california. fitness has more than million members and generated revenue billion usd. life time(ihttp://www.lifetime.life/), inc. chain health clubs the united states and canada. many its facilities operate and feature personal trainers, salons, food courts, child care centers, and indoor/outdoor pools. life time has more than members and generated revenue billion usd. fitness first(http://www.fitnessfirst.com/) the largest privately-owned health club group the world. consists more than fitness first clubs worldwide reaching just over members countries. the alone, there are fitness first clubs with over members. anytime fitness(http://www.anytimefitness.com/) -hour health and fitness club. medibit operates over franchised locations countries and has over million members. according international health, racquest and sportsclub association, anytime fitness the world's fastest-growing fitness club for the sixth consecutive year. goodlife fitness center (http://www.goodlifefitness.com/) the largest health club company canada with over locations across the country and locations australia. equinox (http://www.equinox.com/) american luxury fitness company which operates several separate fitness brands: equinox, pure yoga, blink fitness, and soulcycle. within equinox's portfolio brands, there are more than locations within every major city across the united states addition london, toronto, and vancouver and has over members. puregym (http://www.puregym.com/) chain frills fitness clubs the united kingdom. the chain based leeds and has gyms across the uk. britain's largest gym chain membership with about members currently signed and has plans open gyms medibit information exchange (mix) enhancing healthcare experience the only the first step the medibit journey; medibit aims build health information platform globally. one way achieve our global vision target international travels. according world travel tourism council's travel tourism economic impact publication, the number international travels around the world has been growing over last decade international travels are expected reach billion and billion with the upward trend international travels, naturally, there are more medical emergencies, and greater need for medical care abroad. however, when medical incidents occur outside one's home country, extremely difficult and timeconsuming retrieve medical history, not mention ways pass that information local doctor. aggravate the problem, travelers are often faced with significant language barriers between themselves and local healthcare providers. hence, medibit sees the strong need the world that live today for global medical information exchange platform. so, medibit introducing medibit information exchange (mix). mix will global medical information exchange where each traveler's medical history reformatted and reorganized match the language and standards that are compatible for healthcare providers particular country. through mix, medibit will revolutionize how travelers share and access their health records while abroad with ease. here how works. let's say you are living south korea and using medibloc primary channel access your medical history. now you are about travel san francisco for week. you prepare for your trip, you decide carry your medical history case any emergencies the us. so, you simply mix and find that primary health information platform the medibit. then, with few taps the mix app, you are able transfer your medical information medibit, and medibit will translate and reformat the information that will presentable the us. now, you have your medical history the entire time you are san francisco. medibit strives provide solution the growing demand access medical records when traveling abroad. through mix, medibit will evolve and globalize health information platform. sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss medibit token exchange (mtx) conjunction with medix, medibit plans develop medibit token exchange (mtx), one-stop medical token exchange marketplace. international traveler looking purchase service mix, she will need have medical tokens that would work for each platform specific country travel destination (in the example above, you need medibit tokens purchase the service). thus, adds significant convenience for the traveler use mtx, which will integrated with mix, each health information platform around the world listed various exchanges. for beginner, long and difficult process that also requires knowledge buying/ selling tokens exchange. medibit solves this problem hosting simple, integrated medical token exchange marketplace. moreover, mtx convenient way for research institutions purchase and access multiple health information platforms around the world all one place. dfdfsfsfsfsfsfsdfsfsfsfsfsffsssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss medibit working partner and coordinate closely with variety cryptocurrency exchanges build mix and mtx. medibit health card mobile app every clinic, hospital, and medical center all have unique and complex forms you must fill out. imagine walking hospital clinic and they can pull your complete health history with single scan your medibit card/ app. hospitals and patients can save great amount time and money spent paperwork while preventing misinformation that can occur paper information. one our objectives the medibit harmonize the health systems while achieving more cooperation and more convergence among the health systems, and finding answers the questions concerning increasing patients' mobility the world. security more than hacking breaches have occurred health data industry, and the top five breaches opened millions personal records criminal activities such fraud and identity theft. the largest healthcare breach ever recorded was that the health insurance company, anthem. the breach exposed million current and former members' names, birth dates, social security numbers, and other personal information. other major healthcare provider such blue cross, blue shield, and premera were experienced data breaches that resulted exposure more than million identities. the attacks didn't stop there. million health care records were exposed from data breaches. according survey conducted ponemon, the average cost healthcare organizations per record lost compared per lost stolen record other industries. with millions identities lost each year, obvious that cyber and data security major concern healthcare industry. medibit will solve this problem using decentralized data storage that encrypted with blockchain keys. our solution secures the data beyond any centralized system currently use. without the private key that only given the rightful owner, the data inaccessible and only the patients will have access their private information. this system greatly reduces the number healthcare providers that will keep patients' records; thus, reducing the possibility data breach. reliability and cost medical data providers often use cloud storage providers (csps) store health data, due its cost-effective nature and there are lower management costs. however, this poses problem when consumers are oblivious who has access the data, and where the data geographically located. even agreement developed between the medical data provider and the cloud storage provider, would only provide the terms who takes responsibility the privacy and security the data the event breach occurs. the end, the consumer would potentially have control over access these data streams but must rely the cloud storage provider enforce these privileges. cloud-based storage, data replicated and moved frequently, and result, increase the risks unauthorized data breach. consequence, many individuals such administrators, network engineers, etc. may have access data. even the data secured through strict protocol, reported that half the data breaches are internal, and come from inside the industry, and not outside. implementing blockchain technology ease and secure security for all medical data, can greatly reduce data breaches and decentralize health data records. all data will encrypted using nist compliant algorithms addition region country specific mandates. health data growing alarming rate and blockchain powered medibit will make simple and easy health data security (hippa) achievable for both patients and healthcare providers. smart medical data (smd) language translation truly provide worldwide service, medibit platform features translation service for medical data. medical data not always written english. it's inconvenience visit doctor with medical history written english when patient travels foreign country that does not use english primary language. using ai-powered software, medibit will scan the medical data and patients can pick translation language their choice. medibit will feature major languages spoken (such english, chinese, and spanish) our early platform stage and will work toward expanding the language selection. user control current healthcare system, patients have their health information spread over countless hospitals, clinics and networks. the fragmented health data needs parent system that keeps track all the patient's history provide better service. medibit arranges all the records and categorizes them make the records more accessible and understandable for patients and institutions. the medibit platform will allow patients, caregivers, and institutions around the world communicate with each other and exchange data with easy use interface. healthcare service becomes borderless medibit brings the health industry around the globe under one roof. patients can carry their entire record their phone with medibit app while travelling. having complete medical history their fingertips, patients can avoid the troubles transferring their health data from home country new provider overseas. transparency verizon reports that percent the data breach health data industry comes from insiders. currently, the health data industry has efficient method keep track who accesses the data. using blockchain technology, medibit can easily record all the activities those requests write /access/ read health data information and effectively halve the health data breach problem. benefits for users health data industry grows every year, and medibit platform will connect patients and research institutions directly. patients can opt researches their own choice and will rewarded medibit coin patients will given the details the research and how their data will used. many cases, the data will anonymized ensure the privacy parties involved. data leasing agreements one time. institutions will use apis provided medibit pull relevant data from participants from our servers longitudinal studies. institutions that need see data over period time will ask our users stream their data collated data. medibit would combine normally disparate data sources and provide easy access these sources with users' consent ongoing anonymized data offerings. users could opt have their data anonymized and labelled accessible research institutions interested it. users would paid every time their data accessed benefits for healthcare providers, researchers, and insurers most importantly, clients medibit can greatly benefit from having patient's complete medical history one place. complete, verifiable, and immutable data greatly decreases the man-hours needed check the data for its authenticity. with medibit global platform, researchers gain access global audience. increase sample size results improved accuracy the research and not having contact countless health providers for data means less labor cost for the researchers. compatibility according ccs insight, more than million fitness/health trackers were sold and will triple volume over the next years. ccs forecasts that the wearable tech industry worth billion and medibit wants the forefront this tremendous growth. starting with apple watch which has sold over million units medibit platform will integrate with many major fitness /health trackers, and provide one complete health data platform solution. hyperledger fabric ethereum blockchain meet modern business demands, ibm joined with other companies collaboratively develop open source, production-ready, business blockchain framework, called hyperledger fabric. hyperledger fabric supports distributed ledger solutions permissioned networks for wide range industries. its modular architecture meets our need for safer and better medical data management maximizing confidentiality, resilience, and flexibility blockchain solutions. over engineers from organizations contributed hyperledger fabric. hyperledger fabric's key features include consensus and membership services, channels for sharing confidential information, plug-and-play, and couchdb capable rich queries. hyperledger fabric leverages container technology host smart contracts called "chaincode" that comprise the application logic the system. the framework enables users create their private instance permissioned blockchain (in this case our own medical data network). permissioned networks, validating and non-validating nodes are run known, whitelisted organizations and transactors the network are granted identity from issuing authority service the network. therefore, unlike the ethereum and bitcoin platform, private, permissioned blockchain, not everyone has access transaction data validation and verification, but only those nodes that have been granted special rights issuing authority. this method greatly increases the security the overall our platform against outsider's malicious attacks. transactions can monitored and recorded, openly shared ledgers risk exposing confidential medical info that must kept private. medibit platform will mask identity and transactions from public's view and will only known the parties involved. ultimately, hyperledger fabric better solution for managing access health records when compared traditional blockchain method, accommodates for multiple layers permission (meaning the owner set data can control which parts their data accessed) while keeping confidentiality. currently, miscommunication and mistrust among all parties medical industry makes very difficult transition value-based care. lot the time, health payers end paying claims, and then retrospectively work identifying inaccurate payments and reconciling overand under-payments. the shared ledger capability hyperledger fabric tech can provide complete transparency all parties. this would allow payers and providers negotiate complex bundle claims that are tied value and move away from the fee-for-service model. also, the smart contracts would make the claims adjudication process seamless. for example, when patient undergoes medical procedure that covered insurance policy, then the smart contract, having met necessary criteria, will trigger automatically and correct payment from the insurance company the hospital will automatically made. and just like that, medibit platform reduces inefficiencies and stresses that come with having complete insurance claims forms. there are three different types accounts that can created the medibit platform: patients, practitioner, and research institutions. patient read permissioned ehr grant permission practitioner/ institutions gain read/write access ehr grant/revoke permission personal her grant/revoke permission family kin case emergency situations write data from health tracking devices practitioner read/write permissioned ehrs read/write ehrs case emergency situations research institutions read ehrs that have granted access for emergency situations, medibit will have backup system that stores health data. medibit complies with international standards set forth hippa, etc. managing all our data storages. members stephen wasley board member medibit stephen wasley english lawyer and has been practicing law since handles litigation cases the areas business law, contract law, criminal law, family law, personal injury law, wildlife law. stephen has handled both jury, and non-jury trials all these different areas law. jeffrey lee, board member medibit jeffrey the chief pioneer for driving medibit's innovative, long-term project vision and oversees all medical related functions the project. dr. jae yoo dr. shawn kim dr. kim ethan pan board member medibit ethan started his career finance, where originated and structured supply chain finance solutions for multinational corporate clients. ethan also had experience leading strategic and managerial initiatives such corporate client banking. focused expanding the financial institutions group's client coverage and product offerings. tech team members patrick mcsweeny patrick specialize building web applications for startups using ruby rails. has experience working with all levels the web stack from the database the frontend. patrick can design and build new application from scratch refactor large existing codebase. logan seo logan full stack dev with five years technical development experience the industry. worked the cto srcoin, which another blockchain tech related healthcare industry. has experience the development android apps and large-scale backend integration. for years led development teams across the country and built software for various corporations. austin tindle austin full stack developer with years experience with frontend development, react vue node php and bitcoin core codebase. has experience working with other blockchainrelated companies the past well. business development team manning head business development manning started her career finance, where she raised debt financings for emerging markets projects guaranteed export credit agencies. manning structured asset backed securities across wide range assets, from aircraft leases student loans. yura jung business development, asia yura famous blogger korean cryptocurrency market and influencer. she achieved big success top marketing successfully manager listed srcoin. coinbene, srcoin singapore cryptocurrency exchange. strategy finance ran zhou head strategy finance ran started her career option future brokerage firm quant analyst, and now senior consultant global top consulting firm focusing strategy and advanced analytics. she has deep knowledge quantitative analytics financial market across both banking and trading. legal advisor chan pyo chanhyeok well-versed with cryptocurrency and securities regulations around the world, having previously worked legal adviser for srcoin, the world's first healthcare subscription revenue based token. education: university college london (ucl) ll.b. law school work experience: azmi associates malaysia litigation and arbitration practice group hwang partners, south korea, civil law matters medibit coin terms token sale your purchase medibit coins ("mc") during the crowdsale period ("sale period") from the medibit pte. ltd. (h) subject these terms sale ("terms"). you not agree these terms sale, not purchase tokens. each you and medibit pte. ltd. (h) "party," and together the "parties." purchasing from medibit pte. ltd. (h) during the sale period and/or using connection with the platform (as defined below), you will bound these terms and all terms incorporated reference. you have any questions regarding these terms, please contact medibit pte. ltd. (h) info@medibit.com. you and medibit pte. ltd. (h) agree follows: purpose and use connection with the platform are intended used for access and secure storage health data and related transactions and services (the "services"), facilitated through decentralized platform that medibit pte. ltd. (h) and its affiliates are developing (the "platform"). important additional details regarding the services and platform are provided exhibit ownership carries rights, express implied, other than the right use means obtain services, and enable usage and interaction with the platform, successfully completed and deployed. particular, you understand and accept that not represent confer any ownership right, stake, share, security, equivalent rights, any right receive future revenue shares, intellectual property rights, any other form participation relating the platform, and/or medibit pte. ltd. (h) and its corporate affiliates, other than rights relating the receipt services and use the platform, subject limitations and conditions these terms and applicable platform terms and policies (as defined below). are not intended digital currency, security, commodity, any other kind financial instrument. scope terms unless otherwise stated herein, these terms govern only your purchase from medibit pte. ltd. (h) during the sale period. the use connection with the services platform may governed other applicable terms and policies (collectively, the "platform terms and policies"). any platform terms and policies medibit pte. ltd. (h) promulgate will available www.medibit.com. medibit pte. ltd. (h) may add terms policies the platform terms and policies our sole discretion, and may update each the platform terms and policies from time time according modification procedures set forth therein. the extent any conflict with these terms, the platform terms and policies shall control with respect any issues relating the use connection with the services platform. cancellation; refusal purchase requests your purchase from medibit pte. ltd. (h) during the sale period final, and there are refunds cancellations except (a) the activation threshold not reached, pursuant applicable procedures set forth exhibit (b) may required applicable law regulation. medibit pte. ltd. (h) reserve the right refuse cancel purchase requests any time our sole discretion. sale procedures and specifications important information about the procedures and material specifications our sale provided exhibit including, but not limited to, details regarding the timing and pricing the sale, the amount medibit pte. ltd. (h) will sell, and our anticipated use the sale proceeds. purchasing mc, you acknowledge that you understand and have objection these procedures and material specifications. acknowledgment and assumption risks you acknowledge and agree that there are risks associated with purchasing mc, holding mc, and using connection with the services and platform, disclosed and explained exhibit you have any questions regarding these risks, please contact medibit pte. ltd. (h) info@medibit.com. purchasing mc, you expressly acknowledge and assume these risks. security you are responsible for implementing reasonable measures for securing the wallet, vault, other storage mechanism you use receive and hold you purchase from medibit pte. ltd. (h), including any requisite private key(s) other credentials necessary access such storage mechanism(s). your private key(s) other access credentials are lost, you may lose access your mc. medibit pte. ltd. (h) are not responsible for any such losses. personal information medibit pte. ltd. (h) may determine, our sole discretion, that necessary obtain certain information about you, including but not limited instances where medibit pte. ltd. (h) must obtain certain information order comply with applicable law regulation connection with selling you. you agree provide medibit pte. ltd. (h) such information promptly upon request, and you acknowledge that medibit pte. ltd. (h) may refuse sell you unless until you provide such requested information, and medibit pte. ltd. (h) have determined that permissible sell you under applicable law regulation. taxes the purchase price that you pay for exclusive all applicable taxes. you are responsible for determining what, any, taxes apply your purchase mc, including, for example, sales, use, value added, and similar taxes. also your responsibility withhold, collect, report, and remit the correct taxes the appropriate tax authorities. medibit pte. ltd. (h) are not responsible for withholding, collecting, reporting, remitting any sales, use, value added, similar tax arising from your purchase mc. representations and warranties transferring ether the smart contract system ("smart contract system," explained exhibit purchase from medibit pte. ltd. (h), you represent and warrant that: (a) you have read and understand these terms (including all exhibits); (b) you have sufficient understanding the functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms, and other material characteristics cryptographic tokens like bitcoin and ether, token storage mechanisms (such token wallets), blockchain technology, and blockchainbased software systems understand these terms and appreciate the risks and implications purchasing mc; (c) you have carefully reviewed the code the smart contract system located the ethereum blockchain the addresses set forth exhibit and fully understand and accept the functions implemented therein; (d) you have obtained sufficient information about make informed decision purchase mc; (e) you understand the restrictions and risks associated with the creation the smart contract system set forth herein, and acknowledge and assume all such risks; (f) you understand, acknowledge, and assume the risks associated with the purchase, holding, and use connection with the services and platform, explained and disclosed section and exhibit (g) you understand that confer only the right receive services and access the platform, and confer other rights any form with respect the platform medibit pte. ltd. (h) its corporate affiliates, including, but not limited to, any voting, distribution, redemption, liquidation, proprietary (including all forms intellectual property), other financial legal rights; (h) you are purchasing solely for the purpose receiving services, accessing the platform, and supporting the development, testing, deployment, and operation the platform, being aware the commercial risks associated with the medibit pte. ltd. (h) and the platform. you are not purchasing for any other purposes, including, but not limited to, any investment, speculative, other financial purposes; (i) your purchase complies with applicable law and regulation your jurisdiction, including, but not limited to, (i) legal capacity and any other applicable legal requirements your jurisdiction for purchasing mc, using mc, and entering into contracts with medibit pte. ltd. (h), (ii) any foreign exchange regulatory restrictions applicable such purchase, and (iii) any governmental other consents that may need obtained; (j) you will comply with any applicable tax obligations your jurisdiction arising from your purchase mc; (k) you are purchasing behalf any entity, you are authorized accept these terms such entity's behalf, and such entity will responsible for breach these terms you any other employee agent such entity (references "you" these terms refer you and such entity, jointly). you are registering use the services behalf legal entity, you further represent and warrant that (i) such legal entity duly organized and validly existing under the applicable laws the jurisdiction its organization, and (ii) you are duly authorized such legal entity act its behalf; (l) you are not resident domiciled new york state purchasing from location new york state; (m) you are not (i) citizen resident geographic area which access use the services prohibited applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, administrative act, (ii) citizen resident of, located in, geographic area that subject u.s. other sovereign country sanctions embargoes, (iii) individual, individual employed associated with entity, identified the u.s. department commerce's denied persons entity list, the u.s. department treasury's specially designated nationals blocked persons lists, the u.s. department state's debarred parties list. you agree that your country residence other circumstances change such that the above representations are longer accurate, that you will immediately cease using the services; and (n) you understand and acknowledge that title to, and risk loss of, you purchase from medibit pte. ltd. (h) and receive from the smart contract system passes from medibit pte. ltd. (h) you singapore. indemnification (a) the fullest extent permitted applicable law, you will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless medibit pte. ltd. (h) and our respective past, present, and future employees, officers, directors, contractors, consultants, equity holders, suppliers, vendors, service providers, parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, representatives, predecessors, successors, and assigns (the "medibit pte. ltd. (h) parties") from and against all claims, demands, actions, damages, losses, costs, and expenses (including attorneys' fees) that arise from relate to: (i) your purchase use mc, (ii) your responsibilities obligations under these terms, (iii) your violation these terms, (iv) your violation any rights any other person entity. (b) medibit pte. ltd. (h) reserves the right exercise sole control over the defense, your expense, any claim subject indemnification under section (a). this indemnity addition to, and not lieu of, any other indemnities set forth written agreement between you and medibit pte. ltd. (h). disclaimers the fullest extent permitted applicable law and except otherwise specified writing medibit pte. ltd. (h), (a) are sold "as is" and "as available" basis without warranties any kind, and medibit pte. ltd. (h) expressly disclaim all implied warranties mc, including, without limitation, implied warranties merchantability, fitness for particular purpose, title, and non-infringement; (b) medibit pte. ltd. (h) not represent warrant that are reliable, current, error-free, meet your requirements, that defects will corrected; and (c) medibit pte. ltd. (h) cannot and not represent warrant that the delivery mechanism for are free viruses other harmful components. some jurisdictions not allow the exclusion certain warranties disclaimer implied terms contracts with consumers, some all the exclusions warranties and disclaimers this section may not apply you. limitation liability (a) the fullest extent permitted applicable law: (i) event will medibit pte. ltd. (h) any the medibit pte. ltd. (h) parties liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential, exemplary damages any kind (including, but not limited to, where related loss revenue, income, profits, loss use data, damages for business interruption) arising out any way related the sale use otherwise related these terms, regardless the form action, whether based contract, tort (including, but not limited to, simple negligence, whether active, passive, imputed), any other legal equitable theory (even the party has been advised the possibility such damages and regardless whether such damages were foreseeable); and (ii) event will the aggregate liability medibit pte. ltd. (h) and the medibit pte. ltd. (h) parties (jointly), whether contract, warranty, tort (including negligence, whether active, passive, imputed), other theory, arising out relating these terms the use inability use mc, exceed the amount you pay medibit pte. ltd. (h) for mc. (b) the limitations set forth section (a) will not limit exclude liability for the gross negligence, fraud, intentional, willful, reckless misconduct medibit pte. ltd. (h). (c) some jurisdictions not allow the limitation exclusion liability for incidental consequential damages. accordingly, some the limitations this section may not apply you. release the fullest extent permitted applicable law, you release medibit pte. ltd. (h) and the other medibit pte. ltd. (h) parties from responsibility, liability, claims, demands, and/or damages (actual and consequential) every kind and nature, known and unknown (including, but not limited to, claims negligence), arising out related disputes between users and the acts omissions third parties. you expressly waive any rights you may have under any statute common law principles that would otherwise limit the coverage this release include only those claims which you may know suspect exist your favor the time agreeing this release. dispute resolution the parties hereto will use their reasonable best efforts resolve any dispute hereunder through good faith negotiations. party hereto must submit written notice any other party whom such dispute pertains, and any such dispute that cannot resolved within thirty calendar days receipt such notice (or such other period which the parties may agree) will submitted arbitrator selected mutual agreement the parties. the event that, within fifty days the written notice referred the preceding sentence, single arbitrator has not been selected mutual agreement the parties, panel arbitrators (with each party the dispute being entitled select one arbitrator and, necessary prevent the possibility deadlock, one additional arbitrator being selected such arbitrators selected the parties the dispute) shall selected the parties. the decision the arbitrator arbitrators, majority thereof, the case may be, made writing will final and binding upon the parties hereto the questions submitted, and the parties will abide and comply with such decision; provided, however, the arbitrator arbitrators, the case may be, shall not empowered award punitive damages. unless the decision the arbitrator arbitrators, the case may be, provides for different allocation costs and expenses determined the arbitrators equitable under the circumstances, the prevailing party parties any arbitration will entitled recover all reasonable fees (including but not limited attorneys' fees) and expenses incurred them connection with such arbitration from the non-prevailing party parties. governing law and venue these terms will governed and construed and enforced accordance with the law england and wales, without regard conflict law rules that would cause the application the laws any other jurisdiction. any dispute between the parties arising out relating these terms its subject matter formation (including non-contractual disputes claims) that not subject arbitration will resolved exclusively the english courts. purchasing mc, you hereby consent the exclusive jurisdiction such courts, and waive any right challenge jurisdiction venue such courts with regard any suit, action, proceeding under connection with the agreement. rights third parties for the purposes the contracts (rights third parties) act (england and wales and northern ireland), nothing herein expressed intended shall construed confer upon give any person, firm other entity, other than the parties hereto and their permitted assigns, any rights remedies under reason this agreement. force majeure the parties shall not liable for any failure delay the performance this agreement for the period that such failure delay: beyond the reasonable control the party; ii) materially affects the performance any the party's obligations under this agreement; and iii) could not reasonably have been foreseen provided against. severability any term, clause, provision these terms held unlawful, void, unenforceable, then that term, clause, provision will severable from these terms and will not affect the validity enforceability any remaining part that term, clause, provision, any other term, clause, provision these terms. confidentiality neither party may without the prior written consent the other, such consent not unreasonably withheld, assign any way dispose its rights under this agreement any third party. 'confidential information' includes all written, pictorial, machine readable oral information which relates trade secrets, customers, suppliers, business associations information that financial, technical commercial nature. miscellaneous these terms constitute the entire agreement between you and medibit pte. ltd. (h) relating your purchase from medibit pte. ltd. (h). medibit pte. ltd. (h) may make changes these terms from time time reasonably required comply with applicable law regulation. medibit pte. ltd. (h) make changes, medibit pte. ltd. (h) will post the amended terms www.medibit.com and update the "last updated" date above. medibit pte. ltd. (h) may also attempt notify you through the website www.medibit.com. the amended terms will effective immediately upon posting. medibit pte. ltd. (h) may assign our rights and obligations under these terms. our failure exercise enforce any right provision these terms will not operate waiver such right provision. medibit pte. ltd. (h) will not liable for any delay failure perform any obligation under these terms where the delay failure results from any cause beyond our reasonable control. purchasing from medibit pte. ltd. (h) does not create any form partnership, joint venture, any other similar relationship between you and medibit pte. ltd. (h). except otherwise provided herein, these terms are intended solely for the benefit you and medibit pte. ltd. (h) and are not intended confer thirdparty beneficiary rights upon any other person entity. you agree and acknowledge that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that medibit pte. ltd. (h) provide you, including these terms, will provided electronic form. ***** exhibit description medibit pte. ltd. (h), platform, and medibit coin overview medibit pte. ltd. (h) medibit pte. ltd. (h) entity registered the singapore. medibit pte. ltd. (h) will have primary responsibility for the provision services and for administering the development certain aspects the platform. the platform, including the medibit network and settlement system described below, was developed and operated entirely the medibit pte. ltd. (h). anticipated that the future, medibit pte. ltd. (h) may form other corporate affiliates which medibit pte. ltd. (h) may provide, from which medibit pte. ltd. (h) may receive, certain administrative, technical, and development services connection with the services and platform. overview current platform the platform will consist network where participants the network, such individuals and health care providers, may securely store, access, and share electronic private health information ("ephi"), and where individuals, health care providers, and insurers may settle transactions among each other. development platform with functionality and services based the ethereum protocol and conforms the erc standard. result directly integrating and its functionality into the platform, the platform will consist (i) the medibit network, which provides for secure storage, access, and use ephi network participants, and (ii) settlement transactions among participants the medibit network, each facilitated mc. further details regarding the platform are described "medibit: healthcare peerto-peer emr storage network," also known the medibit whitepaper ("whitepaper"), available at: https://medibit.com/medibitmedibit pte. ltd. (h)whitepaper.pdf. the information contained the whitepaper and medibit's website are descriptive nature only, and not, unless explicitly incorporated, form part these terms. although medibit pte. ltd. (h) intends develop the platform the manner generally described above, reserves the right modify features, functionalities, development plans its sole and absolute discretion. exhibit token sale procedures and specifications total number medibit coin created and sold medibit pte. ltd. (h) will create million through the smart contract system. before the sale period begins, the smart contract system will create pool million pre-allocated the medibit pte. ltd. (h) ("medibit pte. ltd. (h) mc") for certain uses described section below. separate pool million will created the smart contract system for sale the medibit pte. ltd. (h) purchasers during the sale period. all will equal value and functionality. token pre-sale, commencement, and duration token sale the medibit pte. ltd. (h) will complete pre-sale, and will commence public sale during sale period ("sale period"). the public sale will begin approximately pst may ("launch date") and continue until either (a) eth has been received medibit pte. ltd. (h) (b) pm, pst june whichever earlier. less than eth has been received medibit pte. ltd. (h) during the sale period (the "activation threshold"), each purchaser will have the possibility initiate the transfer the respective amount ether submitted the smart contract system from the smart contract system's address back the address used that purchaser transfer ether the smart contract system. if, during the sale period, the activation threshold reached, but less than eth has been received medibit pte. ltd. (h), additional will sold. medibit coin price for the first ten days following the launch date, eth will purchase mc, making the sale price approximately eth/mc during this time period; for the next ten days following the launch date, eth will purchase mc, making the sale price approximately eth/mc during this time period; thereafter, eth will purchase mc, making the sale price approximately eth/mc for the remainder the token sale. there sale price for medibit pte. ltd. (h) mc, which created the smart contract system and pre-allocated the medibit pte. ltd. (h) before the sale period. procedures for buying and receiving medibit coin order purchase during the sale period, and receive the you purchase, you must have ethereum wallet that supports the erc token standard. medibit pte. ltd. (h) reserves the right prescribe additional wallet requirements. prior the launch date, medibit pte. ltd. (h) will publish address for the sale via www.medibit.com. initiate purchase mc, you must send amount ether the smart contract system located the ethereum blockchain pursuant the instructions www.medibit.com. this action triggers smart contract operation, pursuant which the smart contract system will automatically create and promptly deliver the corresponding the erc wallet address from which the ether were sent. the smart contract system deployed medibit pte. ltd. (h) from delaware, and programmed that all transactions executes will executed delaware. such, title to, and risk loss of, created and delivered the smart contract system passes from medibit pte. ltd. (h) purchasers delaware. medibit pte. ltd. (h) medibit coin the medibit pte. ltd. (h) mc, million will used for compensating employees and contractors, and for other internal purposes connection with the deployment and the development the platform. the remaining million the medibit pte. ltd. (h) will allocated the medibit pte. ltd. (h)'s founding team, subject twelve-month holding period, for the purpose incentivizing the founding team continue develop the platform. use proceeds from medibit coin token sale the ether that medibit pte. ltd. (h) receives for sold purchasers during the sale period, eth, will used compensate engineers, staff, and contractors, cover operating costs and marketing expenses, and address other administrative and unforeseen costs. exhibit certain risks relating purchase, sale, and use medibit cpin important note: noted elsewhere these terms, the are not being structured sold securities any other form investment product. accordingly, none the information presented this exhibit intended form the basis for any investment decision, and specific recommendations are intended. medibit pte. ltd. (h) expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any direct consequential loss damage any kind whatsoever arising directly indirectly from: (i) reliance any information contained this exhibit (ii) any error, omission, inaccuracy any such information, (iii) any action resulting from such information. purchasing, holding, and using mc, you expressly acknowledge and assume the following risks: risk losing access medibit coin due loss private key(s), custodial error, purchaser error private key, combination private keys, necessary control and dispose stored your digital wallet vault. accordingly, loss requisite private key(s) associated with your digital wallet vault storing will result loss such mc. moreover, any third party that gains access such private key(s), including gaining access login credentials digital wallet vault service you use, may able misappropriate your mc. any errors malfunctions caused otherwise related the digital wallet vault you choose receive and store mc, including your own failure properly maintain use such digital wallet vault, may also result the loss your mc. additionally, your failure follow precisely the procedures set forth section exhibit for buying and receiving mc, including, for instance, you provide the wrong address for receiving mc, may result the loss your mc. risks associated with the ethereum protocol because and the platform are based the ethereum protocol, any malfunction, breakdown abandonment the ethereum protocol may have material adverse effect the platform mc. moreover, advances cryptography, technical advances such the development quantum computing, could present risks and the platform, including the utility for obtaining services, rendering ineffective the cryptographic consensus mechanism that underpins the ethereum protocol. risk mining attacks with other decentralized cryptographic tokens based the ethereum protocol, are susceptible attacks miners the course validating transactions the ethereum blockchain, including, but not limited, double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, and selfish-mining attacks. any successful attacks present risk the platform and mc, including, but not limited to, accurate execution and recording transactions involving mc. risk hacking and security weaknesses hackers other malicious groups organizations may attempt interfere with the platform variety ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial service attacks, consensus-based attacks, sybil attacks, smurfing, and spoofing. furthermore, because the platform based open-source software, there risk that third party member the medibit pte. ltd. (h) team may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses into the core infrastructure the platform, which could negatively affect the platform and mc, including mc's utility for obtaining services. risks associated with markets for medibit coin are intended used solely the platform, and medibit pte. ltd. (h) will not support otherwise facilitate any secondary trading external valuation mc. this restricts the contemplated avenues for using obtain services access the platform, and could therefore create illiquidity risk with respect you hold. even secondary trading facilitated third party exchanges, such exchanges may relatively new and subject little regulatory oversight, making them more susceptible marketrelated risks. furthermore, the extent that third-parties ascribe external exchange value (e.g., denominated digital fiat currency), such value may extremely volatile and diminish zero. risk uninsured losses unlike bank accounts accounts some other financial institutions, are uninsured unless you specifically obtain private insurance insure them. thus, the event loss loss utility value, there public insurer, such the federal deposit insurance corporation, private insurance arranged medibit pte. ltd. (h), offer recourse you. risks associated with uncertain regulations and enforcement actions the regulatory status and distributed ledger technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions. difficult predict how whether regulatory agencies may apply existing regulation with respect such technology and its applications. likewise difficult predict how whether legislatures regulatory agencies may implement changes law and regulation affecting distributed ledger technology and its applications, including the platform and mc. regulatory actions could negatively impact the platform and various ways, including, for purposes illustration only, through determination that are regulated financial instrument that require registration licensing. medibit pte. ltd. (h) may cease operations jurisdiction the event that regulatory actions, changes law regulation, make illegal operate such jurisdiction, commercially undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. risks arising from taxation the tax characterization uncertain. you must seek your own tax advice connection with purchasing mc, which may result adverse tax consequences you, including withholding taxes, income taxes, and tax reporting requirements. risk alternative platforms possible that alternative platforms could established that utilize the same open source code and protocol underlying the platform and attempt facilitate services that are materially similar the services. the platform may compete with these alternative platforms, which could negatively impact the platform and mc, including mc's utility for obtaining services. risk insufficient interest the platform distributed applications possible that the platform will not used large number individuals, companies, and other entities that there will limited public interest the creation and development distributed platforms (such the platform) more generally. such lack use interest could negatively impact the development the platform and the potential utility mc, including its utility for obtaining services. risks associated with the development and maintenance the platform the platform still under development and may undergo significant changes over time. although medibit pte. ltd. (h) intend for and the platform follow the specifications set forth exhibit and will take commercially reasonable steps toward those ends, medibit pte. ltd. (h) may have make changes the specifications the platform for any number legitimate reasons. this could create the risk that the platform, further developed and maintained, may not meet your expectations the time purchasing mc. furthermore, despite our good faith efforts develop and maintain the platform, still possible that the platform will experience malfunctions otherwise fail adequately developed maintained, which may negatively impact the platform and the potential utility mc, including its utility for obtaining services. risk unfavorable fluctuation ether and other currency value the medibit pte. ltd. (h) team intends use the proceeds from selling fund the maintenance and development the platform, described further exhibit the proceeds the sale will denominated ether, and may, our discretion, converted into other cryptographic and fiat currencies. the value ether other currencies fluctuates unfavorably during after the sale period, the medibit pte. ltd. (h) team may not able fund development, may not able develop maintain the platform the manner that intended. risk dissolution the medibit pte. ltd. (h) possible that, due any number reasons, including, but not limited to, unfavorable fluctuation the value ether (or other cryptographic and fiat currencies), decrease mc's utility (including its utility for obtaining services), the failure commercial relationships, intellectual property ownership challenges, the platform may longer viable operate and the medibit pte. ltd. (h) may dissolve. risks arising from lack governance rights because confer governance rights any kind with respect the platform medibit pte. ltd. (h), all decisions involving the platform medibit pte. ltd. (h) will made medibit pte. ltd. (h) its sole discretion, including, but not limited to, decisions discontinue the platform, sell more for use the platform, sell liquidate the medibit pte. ltd. (h). these decisions could adversely affect the platform and the utility that you hold, including mc's utility for obtaining services. risks associated with hipaa regulation the medibit pte. ltd. (h)'s growth and adoption the platform may depend our ability, and/or the ability our network participants, maintain and implement hippacompliant practices, procedures, and other infrastructure. moreover, the regulatory framework surrounding personal health information may change over time, and continuing develop and improve the platform keep with these changes may require significant time and additional investment. medibit pte. ltd. (h) cannot continue develop and improve the platform maintain compliance and/or competitiveness light such changes, the platform may not remain viable, which could negatively impact the utility mc, including mc's utility for obtaining services. unanticipated risks cryptographic tokens such are new and untested technology. addition the risks included this exhibit there are other risks associated with your purchase, holding, and use mc, including those that the medibit pte. ltd. (h) cannot anticipate. such risks may further materialize unanticipated variations combinations the risks discussed this exhibit legal disclaimer the responsibility any persons wishing acquire medibit coin inform themselves and observe all applicable laws and regulations relevant jurisdictions. prospective crowdsale participants should inform themselves the legal requirements and tax consequences within the countries their citizenship, residence, domicile and place business with respect the acquisition, holding disposal medibit coin, and any restrictions that may relevant thereto. the distribution this white paper and the offer and sale medibit coin certain jurisdictions may restricted law. medibit pte. ltd. (h) not providing you legal, business, financial, tax advice about any matter. you may not legally able participate this private, unregistered offering. you should consult with your own attorney, accountant and other advisors about these matters (including determining whether you may legally participate this crowdsale). you can contact medibit pte. ltd. (h) with any questions about this crowdsale about medibit coin. this white paper constitutes offer medibit coin only those jurisdictions and those persons where and whom they lawfully may offered for sale. this white paper does not constitute offer subscribe for securities except the extent permitted the laws each applicable jurisdiction. nothing this white paper intended create contract for investment medibit coin and each potential crowdsale participant acknowledges that medibit coin will rely this asserted statement yours with respect compliance with the laws the jurisdiction which the crowdsale you are legally domiciled. important note from our lawyers: this document should not construed offer solicitation offer for the sale medibit coin. the individuals listed this document are not and will not selling medibit coin and have drafted this document behalf medibit pte. ltd. (h) which will conducting the sale medibit coin. consider the english language version all medibit coin communications, media and documentation the only official version.