whitepaper contents abstract letter from the ceo abdullah albeyatti executive summary introduction the healthcare today medicalchain solutions the healthcare tomorrow technical explanation better system for care token utilities cost impact analysis token sale timelines medtoken and legal crowdsale copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved disclaimer please read this disclaimer section carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax, other professional advisor(s). the information set forth below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. while make every effort ensure that any material this whitepaper accurate and date, such products, services, technical architecture, token distribution, company timelines such material could subject change without notice and way constitutes binding agreement the provision professional advice. medicalchain does not guarantee, and accepts legal liability whatsoever arising from connected to, the accuracy, reliability, currency, completeness any material contained this whitepaper. potential medtoken holders should seek appropriate independent professional advice prior relying on, entering into any commitment transaction based on, material published this whitepaper, which material purely published for reference purposes alone. medtokens will not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. medicalchain does not provide any opinion any advice purchase, sell, otherwise transact with medtokens and the fact presentation this whitepaper shall not form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the sale and purchase medtokens, and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. kpmg kpmg has been one our earliest advisors who helped medicalchain navigate switzerland's legal framework. they helped medicalchain draft the legal structure for the launch the medicalchain token, coordinated contacts with the regulatory authority, obtained the tax ruling before the launch the token sale and supported medicalchain drafting the legal opinion (both legal and regulatory) and finalizing the legal aspects related the whitepaper. finally, they are managing the tax ruling before the authority. copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved abstract thank you for taking the time read the medicalchain whitepaper. this paper the result collaboration between doctors, allied health professionals, blockchain specialists, academics and business advisors. medicalchain uses blockchain technology create user-focused electronic health record whilst maintaining single true version the user's data. medicalchain enables the user give healthcare professionals access their personal health data. medicalchain then records interactions with this data auditable, transparent and secure way medicalchain's distributed ledger. lastly, medicalchain platform for others use build applications that complement and improve the user experience. users will able leverage their medical data power plethora applications and services. medicalchain whitepaper will outline the vision medicalchain and the current issues healthcare, well give brief summary the blockchain technology used and how medicalchain utilising address specific issues make healthcare better for users. copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved letter from the ceo dear reader, thank you for taking the time research medicalchain and read our whitepaper. this has been culmination hard work and dedication from all the team here medicalchain and would like proudly share our vision with you all. medical doctor, have worked long hours whilst managing expectations and multitasking order satisfy tight deadlines. despite such experiences, nothing had prepared for the challenge growing medicalchain from the ground up. could not have done this without the support co-founder and coo; tayeb. working side side, have selected the finest individuals join our team become, what now know medicalchain. our team unique one: perfect blend clinicians, engineers, developers and visionaries from the world over. have nine different nationalities representing us, each bringing with them their own personal views and experiences healthcare their respective countries. the medicalchain team have the drive and commitment improve healthcare for those who need most the patients. our mission improve care for people placing the patient the centre the digital transformation healthcare. enact this mission empowering patients with the tools engage more comprehensive healthcare experience, such accessing their own records their mobile device, conducting consultation via webcam with doctor anywhere the world, and doing so, can improve people's lives. has been amazing journey far, and are fortunate have such strong support from the community who has helped drive onwards developing this platform. are only the beginning and truly believe the most exciting times lie ahead. please continue follow and support here medicalchain, that can truly make difference the healthcare industry. best wishes, dr. abdullah albeyatti medicalchain ceo and co-founder copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved executive summary medicalchain decentralised platform that enables secure, fast and transparent exchange and usage medical data. use blockchain technology create user-focused electronic health record and maintain single true version the user's data. medicalchain will enable users give conditional access different healthcare agents such doctors, hospitals, laboratories, pharmacists and insurers interact they see fit. each interaction with their medical data auditable, transparent and secure, and will recorded transaction medicalchain's distributed ledger. during this process, the patient's privacy protected all times. medicalchain built the permission-based hyperledger fabric architecture which allows varying access levels; users control who can view their records, how much they see and for what length time. empowering users, can build the future healthcare together. medicalchain will platform for other digital health applications develop on; users will able sign for these applications and services which are powered their health data and secured smart contracts. medicalchain currently developing two applications work alongside the platform: doctor-to-patient telemedicine application and health data marketplace. the marketplace enables medicalchain users negotiate commercial terms with third parties for alternative uses applications their personal health data. for example, putting forward their data used medical research. intended that medicalchain and others will contribute many more applications the platform helping bring value all stakeholders. medicalchain's platform will powered "medtokens". are issuing million tokens, which will distributed rate token usd eth and/or btc. these will offered crowd selling process commonly known "ico" "initial coin offering." the contribution period will follow our pre-sale and begin february more details our ico can found below page the telemedicine application will enable users consult real doctor remotely (for example, their phone) for small fee payable directly the doctor. copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved introduction the healthcare today expectations healthcare users today's world, users expect instantaneous and seamless flow data. many industries have adopted, are beginning adopt necessary technologies guarantee their users' expectation for instant information. unfortunately, the healthcare industry has lagged behind. legacy systems are burdensome, slow, often vulnerable and have little role for the patient. fragmented health services health data contained legacy systems siloed and difficult share with others because varying formats and standards. short, the current healthcare data landscape fragmented and ill-suited the instantaneous needs modern users. result this, stakeholders are incentivised keep their own records, and single version the truth exists. lack patient centricity (passive user) the relationship between healthcare professionals and patients has long been paternalistic one. recent times, however, there has been significant shift authority. medicine being democratised and patients are more empowered. now considered reasonable seek second opinion and patients are expected contribute decisions made about their treatment choices. even single-payer system like the uk's national health service (nhs), patients have the right choose where and when they receive their care. thus, with patient mobility comes the need for information mobility. order provided with the best care patients not only can, but must have control over their own data. copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved introduction the healthcare today ill-informed clinical decision making (data driven decision making risk fatalities) clinicians rely upon investigations and tests make informed decisions about patient's diagnosis and possible treatment plan. traditionally, investigation death the united states test should only requested johns hopkins university researchers estimate that medical error now the third leading cause and arranged this going death. here's ranking yearly deaths. lead different possible diagnosis alternative treatment heart disease plan. unfortunately, even when cancer the results investigation test have returned, these are medical error rarely shared widely with all respiratory disease the health professionals involved the patient's care and are accidents normally isolated, siloed, the institution which requested them stroke originally. alzheimer's the patient's quality care diabetes suffers result this. other flu/pneumonia institutions are not aware patient's complete history and kidney disease turn, this could lead incorrect decision making, delays, and suicide unnecessary costs for the patient source: national center for health statistics, bmj health institution. the worst figure table showing yearly death rate per case, these medical errors can johns hopkins university research fatal. research the american johns hopkins hospital makary al, concluded that medical errors are the third leading cause death the united states and that "most errors represent systemic problems, including poorly coordinated care." copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved introduction the healthcare today security risks patient data present, electronic health records (ehr) are stored centralised databases which medical data remains largely nonportable. centralization increases the security risk footprint, and requires trust single authority. moreover, centralised databases cannot ensure security and data integrity, regardless de-identification and controlled access requirements. centralised health databases are legally requirement and necessity most countries worldwide and therefore require added layer technology improve their portability and security. cybercrime around the world the rise, healthcare systems are exception shown recent high profile ransomware hacking. fact, the healthcare industry has more data breaches than any other sector and medical records are being stolen and passed on. "your medical information worth times more than your credit card number the black market." figure technology news, reuters, september data security paramount due the increased sensitivity medical data. this was highlighted early when cyber attack struck healthcare institutions around the globe. this highlighted the public the vulnerability our healthcare systems potential threats and sober warning regarding the inadequacies the current infrastructure. many have tried overcome this issue, and high the agenda governments and source frustration for both doctors and patients. significant component the challenge focuses data security. copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved introduction the healthcare today lack transparency increasing costs for patients and professionals, the present system incredibly slow, inflexible and woefully opaque. these problems are equally visible throughout the claims process. when patient needs services (from provider such general practice, pharmacy nursing home), health plans are used determine how much the cost they will pay. order determine this cost, the health plan must validate services received from the provider against the agreement the patient and health plan have, and then share their findings with the provider. this only occurs the provider "in-network" with health plan. for provider considered in-network, complex agreement needs negotiated which adds significant expense the provider's administration costs. one part these costs are billing and insurance related (bir) costs which include activities such maintaining benefits databases and keeping records services delivered. bir costs are projected reach billion dollars and take hours for the average physician navigate. average, this whole process takes between one two weeks done electronically and takes three five weeks paper. moreover, this process rife with places for miscommunication and misunderstanding occur. for care actually take place, multiple people need check multiple archaic agreements against multiple records. the result inefficient and opaque process that leaves stakeholders and, ultimately patients feeling confused and sceptical. copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved insurance fraud whether you have employer-sponsored health insurance you purchase your own insurance policy, health care fraud inevitably translates into higher premiums and out-of-pocket expenses for consumers, well reduced benefits and coverage. for employers, this increases the cost providing insurance benefits employees, which then increases the overall cost doing business. moreover, the reality for many patients that the increased expense result fraud, could mean the difference between affording health insurance not. fraud design dictates that false information represented fact. common healthcare fraud involves perpetrators who take advantage patients, entering into their health record false diagnoses conditions they not have, exaggerating conditions they actually have. this done that fraudulent insurance claims can submitted for payment. "the total cost insurance fraud estimated more than billion per year." fbi.gov unless this discovery made early on, these false exaggerated diagnoses become part the patient's documented medical history within the health insurer's records not other databases well. introduction the healthcare today record tampering medical records are considered not only medical documents, but also legal documents. pass off rewritten record contemporaneous criminal offence and any retrospective changes have clearly marked, dated and signed, and the reason for such changes clearly documented. altering existing medical records, removing records, adding false records puts healthcare professional risk medicolegal repercussions. disclosure authentic and original clinical notes essential when claim brought up, and failure can make claim indefensible. telemedicine market healthcare costs are the rise around the globe societies struggle deal with ageing populations and the rising chronic disease burden. current models care delivery, particularly places like the and uk, are unsustainable. one trend combating increased costs has been the rise digital health services. the value the global digital health market was valued billion dollars and expected increase over billion with cagr digital health solutions such telemedicine will critical for driving efficiency and reducing costs. the scope telemedicine covers referrals, second opinions, education, follow-up care, monitoring, diagnostics and treatments across numerous specialities. examples include telecardiology, teleradiology, telepathology, telepsychiatry, teledermatology and others. clearly there large market, and benefits include: improved quality care more time for doctor-patient interactions improved access consultation reduced costs the market currently dominated north america and europe though highest growth expected india, china, and japan the next few years. there are several challenges full implementation: the global telemedicine market was estimated worth billion and projected exceed billion unfortunately, most modern telehealth systems are not integrated with the core financial and clinical systems used healthcare organisations. data remains within the telehealth application and requires manual entry later into health records. digitisation promises much potential, but adding additional silo without incorporating the information does not add value. order succeed, systems, devices, and data need seamlessly integrated. privacy and security law issues must consider the management data non-traditional formats (for example, audio and/or video) and the sharing data responsibilities encountered. minimize the privacy/security risk telehealth encounters, providers require reliable methods for verifying and authenticating the identities the patient and practitioners. blockchain solutions are great tool overcome these issues. copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved medicalchain solutions: the healthcare tomorrow medicalchain dual blockchain ethereum and smart contracts medicalchain healthcare platform medicalchain built using dual blockchain structure. the first blockchain controls access health records and built using hyperledger fabric. the second blockchain powered erc token ethereum and underlies all the applications and services for our platform. ethereum digital platform where thousands powerful computers around the world work harmony host the ethereum network. ethereum's blockchain represents all accounts and transactions made its users. every time you send ether, the currency ethereum, another user, those computers act accountants verifying the validity the transaction. once the verification approved those "accountants" the money then transferred the other user, making transfers secure, transparent and conflict-free. using blockchain technology, smart contracts, and our cryptocurrency, medicalchain provides the infrastructure for digital health applications and services built. these applications and services will seamlessly powered user's health data. anyone will able develop medicalchain's platform and hope foster thriving ecosystem provide value, reduce costs, and ultimately improve people's lives. hyperledger fabric the hyperledger blockchain network permission-based and requires users sign use it. permissioning the network controlled using hyperledger modelling and access control languages. hyperledger fabric platform for distributed ledger solutions underpinned modular architecture delivering high degrees confidentiality, resilience, flexibility and scalability. medical information often highly sensitive, both social and legal sense, closed blockchain such hyperledger fabric helps retain the necessary privacy required for such application. hyperledger fabric better solution for managing access health records, accommodates for multiple layers permission, meaning the owner set data can control which parts their data accessed. smart contracts are code held and executed the ethereum blockchain. anything that can programmed normally can programmed within the ethereum network. processes that normally require professional notary can automated and validated smart contracts wholly transparent and secure way. for example, the average physician spends hours weekly billing and insurance related activity. imagine the cost savings these processes were conducted smart contracts and validated the ethereum network. copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved identity management using civic identity fraud massive problem the world. hackers steal identities and impersonate users incur huge costs both users and businesses. combat this, medicalchain has partnered with civic and will use civic's user authentication services easily and securely manage the identities users decentralised way. civic identifies and verifies users using biometrics, which provides simple and safe way ensuring user's privacy. technical explanation participants definitions and permissions with plethora different actors, identity management and access data key medicalchain's solution. dynamic system has been developed that identifies actors and gives them the appropriate scope over health record, contingent the patient's permission. below are some examples read/write permission: table: read write permission participant permission practitioner read/write permissioned ehrs request permission for other practitioner/ institutions gain read/write access patient read their ehr permission practitioner/institution read/write ehr portion their ehr revoke permission from practitioners/institutions permission next kin/emergency contact read/grant permission write certain attributes ehr amount tobacco consumed daily alcohol consumed weekly weekly exercise ability integrate iot data into ehr read permissioned ehrs research institution copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved encryption cryptography ensure privacy, health records are encrypted using symmetric key cryptography. the record will encrypted and stored data store within the appropriate regulatory jurisdiction. the symmetric key will encrypted with the public key -bit rsa key pair. each time entity given permission access the patient's record: the record decrypted with the owner's private key the symmetric key encrypted with the public key the authorised user user authorised access health record and requests access then the following process takes place: the case that participant's access removed from health record: the symmetric key decrypted with the private key the owner the ehr the ehr decrypted using the symmetric key the record re-encrypted with new symmetric key the symmetric key encrypted with all the remaining authorised users' public keys input data object data object encrypted and stored secure data store secure data storage hashing algorithm hash object stored ledger original data object ebc stored object ledger hash ledger and hash stored object compared hash comparison stored object data object called from storage and unencrypted hashes match data served user flagged compromised verified data sent requester the private key the requesting user used decrypt the symmetric key for the ehr the decrypted symmetric key used decrypt the patient's ehr copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved technical explanation transactions any interactions with health records are recorded transactions the network. transactions are viewable only the participants associated with the transaction. here are examples how transactions take place medicalchain. patient granting access patient grants access ehr practitioner practitioner a's added patient a's authorised asset the ledger patient a's added practitioner a's authorised asset the ledger the symmetric key for the ehr decrypted with patient a's private key symmetric key then encrypted with practitioner a's public key patient revoking access patient revokes access from practitioner practitioner a's removed from patient a's authorised asset patient a's removed from practitioner a's authorised asset patient a's private key used decrypt symmetric key for ehr which used decrypt the ehr the ehr encrypted with new symmetric key the new symmetric key encrypted with patient a's public key and the public keys all the remaining ids that have permission practitioner referring patient practitioner updates the permissions allow practitioner access the patient's ehr. chaincode will check that practitioner has permission the ehr. practitioner uses its private key decrypt the ehr's symmetric key practitioner b's public key used encrypt the symmetric key practitioner b's added patient a's authorised asset patient a's added practitioner b's authorised asset copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved technical explanation data structure hyperledger's modelling language will used define the domain model for the network. below are some examples from the .cto file how models will defined and stored the chain. these are subject change depending upon different regulations and requirements order make the medicalchain platform hippa and gdpr compliant. participants patient variable type variable description string asset string (array) personaldetails authorised asset medicalrecord unique string (-bit uuid) structure defined asset array all participants id's that have been authorised read ehr structure defined asset variable type variable description string asset string (array) publicprofile patient asset medicalrecord unique string (-bit uuid) structure defined asset array all participants id's that have been authorised read ehr structure defined asset practitioner copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved technical explanation assets personal details relationship: patient (participant) variable type variable description string string string firstname last name unique for asset user's given name user's last name string emailaddress user's email used sign int dob unix timestamp dob concept address defined concepts section super-type owner extends patient (participant) asset practitioner's public profile relationship: practitioner (participant) variable type variable description string string string firstname last name unique for asset user's given name user's last name string emailaddress user's email used sign int dob unix timestamp dob concept address defined concepts section string identification array qualification the assigned number the practitioner was given when registered with practice qualifications practitioner holds string image url pointer practitioners image super-type owner extends practitioner (participant) asset copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved technical explanation medical record variable type variable description string super-type super-type owner author unique string (-bit uuid) extends patient (participant) asset extends practitioner (participant) asset array permissions array participant ids string file hash sha- hash the latest version the file float version int increments every time file updated string pointer this points where the file storage outside the blockchain variable description string string string number street city number/name building unique string (-it uuid) extends patient (participant) asset string country extends practitioner (participant) asset string postal/zip code area code concepts address variable type copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved technical explanation permission definitions hyperledger fabric includes access control language (acl), which defines access over the elements the .cto domain model above. defining acl rules are able control which resources participants have access the network's domain model. some examples these access rules are shown below: medicalchain api platform medicalchain will offer api that will permit third parties obtain and interact with ehrs with the user's permission. all endpoints available the will available developers. hope cultivate robust ecosystem applications and services. copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved better system for care user control the current healthcare system, patients have their health information spread over multiple systems, hospitals, networks and potentially countries. there are multiple fragmented records from the same patient, held different institutions all with their own snapshot the patient's health the point their interaction with them, such blood tests, imaging and clinic letters. medicalchain will chronologically arrange all these records and filter them into the specific categories above aid data handling. such categorisation would make the records more accessible and understandable for patients and will also facilitate researchers searching for the information relevant them. medicalchain provides the user, being the owner their own medical records, full access and control over their data. approved clinicians the medicalchain platform will have the ability 'read and write' the patient's records. moreover, the medicalchain platform will provide the users with full log who has access their medical data, the time access and the particular types data that can accessed. data security the medicalchain system uses double encryption mechanism closed, permission-based blockchain. the security health records secured beyond any centralised data system currently use. patient data not accessible directly the blockchain. the blockchain acts pointer where patient data held encrypted format, meaning that anyone attempting intercept patient data will unable with the ease that required access data existing any central location. the user will have the capability provide differing levels access various users, assigning set access permissions and designating who can query and write data their blockchain, and for how long. copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved better system for care user centric model the current healthcare system, patients have their health information spread over multiple systems, hospitals, networks and potentially countries. there are multiple fragmented records the same patient, held different institutions with their own snapshot the patient's health during their interaction with them such blood tests, imaging, and clinic letters. medicalchain will order and filter all these records into chronological order and the specific categories above aid data handling. such categorisation would make the records more accessible and understandable for patients, and also facilitate researchers seeking out the information important them. health data revolution bold companies like and me, fitbit, apple, nest, and qardio are rapidly innovating expand the frontier the data that collectable. already have remarkable access anatomic, biological, environmental, genomic, phenomic and physiological data. new ideas and technologies will only move this frontier further. can connect these disparate data sources, then caregivers and researchers will have unprecedented insight into patient's lives. ultimately this will lead lowered costs, better patient outcomes and better research. medicalchain wants the forefront this revolution and will seek integrate many sources health data its platform possible. medicalchain will start integrating with apple healthkit and common wearables, before moving add support for diagnostic tests, iot, and other digital health. patients and their doctors will have the ability view this data along with their electronic health record. copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved better system for care patient safety medicalchain has also developed backup access system for emergency situations, ensuring patient safety all times. patient can generally grant decline healthcare professionals access their records. however, the event emergency and with the patient incapacitated, there must ability view certain information order provide the best possible care. the most vital information needed emergency would the patient's name, their next kin, medications, allergies and any advanced decisions they may have made. patients using the medicalchain platform will have the ability select advance which areas their records can viewed emergency situation. the case that the patient incapacitated unconscious and unable grant access their records, the emergency bracelet the patient wearing would scanned unlock this information. two clinicians would have agree that given the situation, access this information without the patient's explicit consent was clinically the patient's best interest. clear, patient's entire record would not unlocked, but only information that would vital emergency situation and the patient had prior agreed sharing such situation. unlock this information, two doctors would need scan the emergency bracelet the patient wearing, their wearable device which would unlock access these key parts their medical records. this would enable clinicians provide the best care possible patient emergency situation based their pre-authorised sample relevant data. copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved clinical application clinical communication along with increased access emergency information, medicalchain allows clinicians communicate with each other with ease. when authorised healthcare professional updates patient health record, the system will update that record medicalchain. any clinician with authorised access that record will see the update real time. health records are updated via medicalchain for all authorised parties, there need for patient data manually transferred from system system. medicalchain will usable any browser any computer. result, any doctor with browser and internet connection will able access the users' documents shared with them. issues currently associated with interoperability are resolved this way and costs that are associated with the transportation notes currently undertaken junior clinicians administrative staff are cut down on. borderless health and social care with the utilisation data compliant storage nodes alongside borderless blockchain technology, the user will able transport their records with them they travel. healthcare services become borderless telemedicine services allow users interact with clinicians other countries. this will particularly beneficial for frequent travellers and those moving abroad who want avoid the inconvenience transferring their health records their new provider. medicalchain has the vision one day bringing its platform developing nations around the world where there less access quality care. believe the ability carry your health information with you mobile phone powerful. copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved transparency patients users present-day healthcare, there lack transparency between all parties involved. patients have immediate access health records written medical professionals. medical professionals are only able share data quickly within their own organisation with other health professionals using the same ehr system. insurance companies are kept the dark, unless they request patient data which required for claim. researchers are forced seek anonymised data from multiple intermediaries, which both costly and timely. the lack transparency how patient data handled also leaves the user unaware how their data currently being used. health insurance transparency cost benefits patients are unknowingly and some instances, knowingly not disclosing their health conditions insurance companies. result this incorrect information, patients can pay incorrect premiums for years, only discover that their claims are declined the scenario they need make one. the verifiability and immutability health records medicalchain's platform allows insurance companies make more accurate assessment individual's health and health premiums should reflect this. allowing health insurers access their health records, patients could rewarded for their transparency the form lower premiums. moreover, patients could pledge set health goals with their insurer and rewarded they reach milestones associated with those goals. turn, healthier lifestyle works favour both the insurer and the patient. copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved token utilities medtoken patient benefits once the patient has access their own ehr this will enable the following key features used conjunction with the medicalchain platform: from the patient's perspective, the time for seeking consultation massively reduced removing the need physically attend the doctor's practice. there are many simple ailments that are currently managed over the telephone, but providing telemedicine component can improve the patient's experience facilitating visual consultation which would more in-depth and beneficial both the doctor and the patient. telemedicine consultations telemedicine, online consultation with doctor and patient using webcam interface, set the future consultations. patient controls access records doctors when conducting telemedicine consultation and pays the doctor for the consultation with medtokens. medicalchain not only provides this established and successful format consultation, but will accommodate the doctor enabling them interact live with the patient's records during the consultation. patients would grant access their records during the telemedicine consultations, allowing for more in-depth, informative, and valuable experience for both the patient and doctor. there are also further benefits from the telemedicine experience which medicalchain delivers. telemedicine platforms available today offer online visual consultations but not have access longitudinal health records. medicalchain offers this unique value and provides patients with privacy controls. patients will able choose the level detail visible and allocate viewing rights their chosen doctor for long they feel necessary. copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved clinician benefits attend doctor's appointment requires patient cancel their work advance take their child out school for the appointment. there then the waiting time the clinic order see the doctor, often times for simple request. telemedicine provides the patient with the opportunity select specific time conduct the consultation their convenience, encouraging patient choice and freedom. further, patients are able choose which doctor they would like conduct their consultation with offering greater choice and building relationship between that doctor and patient, whereas perhaps logistically would not have been possible beforehand they were based different cities. token utilities the doctor also reaps many benefits from utilising telemedicine providing the clinician with flexible working pattern allowing them conduct consultations from any location with adequate internet connectivity. medicalchain will provide the doctor access the patient's health record (with the patient's permission) during the telemedicine consultation. this will also give the clinician the added confidence during the consultation that they are being provided with all the information they require suggest appropriate investigations and organise treatment plan. health data marketplace control with the founding principal medicalchain, patients should have control over their health records, and they should also benefit from the potential value that they possess. medicalchain will connect research institutions with users who are willing have their health data used studies health data marketplace. users will given clear information how their data being used and what data will required. many cases anonymised data will permissible, ensuring the privacy everyone involved. patient grants access personal health data researchers return for incentivisation with medtokens return, participants will compensated medtokens. patients will given the ability unlock the monetary value that their health data holds, they will more engaged with their health conditions and the next generation cutting-edge medicine will empowered. copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved pharmaceutical and research companies will also benefit from the changes brought medicalchain. they will able seek out patients who have opted into being contacted researchers that these institutions can interact directly with the patient. doing so, companies will longer need approach hospital clinic and can straight the people whose information will used. not only will this increase efficiency, but more transparent process that strikes relationship which symbiotic and sustainable. there would few broad categories data leasing agreements though more are likely evolve over time. here are few envision: one time leasing. institutions will use apis provided medicalchain pull relevant data from participants from our servers. longitudinal studies. institutions that need see data over period time will able ask users stream their data. example: how many steps users have walked per day what their heart rate looked like today. collated data. medicalchain would combine normally disparate data sources and provide easy access these data sources with user consent. ongoing anonymised data offerings. users could opt have their data anonymised and labelled accessible research institutions interested it. institutions would have the ability filter broad categories (e.g. year old, bmi, male) and users would paid every time their data accessed. token utilities potential insurance integration users could allow health insurers access their health records. turn, insurers could rest assured that the information they are making decisions upon trusted, verifiable and patients could rewarded for their transparency the form lower premiums. moreover, patients could pledge set health goals with their patient grants access personal health data insurance companies return for incentivisation with medtokens insurer and rewarded they hit milestones associated with those goals. regular weight and blood pressure measurement uploads, proof therapy compliance and attendance gym might incentivise rewards from health insurers with lower premiums rewarding users with medtokens. powering medicalchain's platform users will able pay for variety other applications and services that have been developed medicalchain's platform. integrations with plethora different healthcare sectors are possible and the above only the beginning the revolution that coming. copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved cost impact analysis users clinicians whereas typically for patient gain access their medical records, they would need apply their service provider and pay all associated administrative fees have these released them, with medicalchain, the user would provide consent have their data retrieved their behalf, and stored free charge medicalchain's nodes. once this has been carried out, the patient would then use the medicalchain application have standardised, single point access those records their discretion, eliminating the need for additional administration fees. should they lose this data, need send original, physical copies any time, they would grant access any requesting parties. clinicians using the medicalchain platform would have immediate access conduct teleconsultations. this will provide additional revenue stream, meaning they could practice without any overheads other than computer with internet connection. this availability would decrease the chance cancellations due patients being unable physically attend consultation. cutting this variable out saves facility expenses, administration costs and the need for additional staff. with transportable personal data, the risk significantly reduced medical assistance required away from users healthcare provider. utilising medicalchain's teleconsultation platform, users would have dramatically decreased waiting times and costs associated with travel. copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved cost impact analysis healthcare providers there are plethora benefits healthcare providers. first all, they will benefit from having more complete picture patient's health condition. medicalchain's single true record will the sole place providers would need look for patient data, providing peace mind and reducing time spent gathering records. moreover, providers would benefit from not having constantly invest upgrade upkeep their health record systems. researchers researchers would have the ability reach global audience patients through medicalchain's health data marketplace. this would increase the potential sample size used research and improve the accuracy the results. costs would reduced simply pulling the relevant information from participant's health record, with their consent, instead the burdensome process forming research groups and going through health providers for access health data. insurers verifiable, immutable data, means that insurance companies will need spend fewer man-hours checking data, that they can trust the data presented them, both from the patient granting them access and likewise from the medical professional's notation. similarly, insurance company wanted the patient completely transparent with them, order offer them accurate premium based their medical records. they would offer the patient medtokens and/or offer cheaper premium incentive for their transparency. copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved token sale medicalchain's ico will capped sale raising million (,,) equivalent eth and/ btc with whitelisted contribution caps. medicalchain will issuing million (,,) erc tokens, called medtokens, create new blockchain based healthcare ecosystem. these million tokens... will offered the pre-sale and crowdsale. will retained the company, team, advisors, founders and future employees. within this %... these tokens will offered crowdsale allow participants purchase medtokens early well contribute and support the further development medicalchain. starting february, participants will have the ability contribute and receive medtokens exchange for their eth and/ btc sending ether designated address. during the ico medtokens will distributed exchange rate token equivalent eth and offered before this date discount pre-sale. million tokens issued will have already vested. vests over years. vests over years. founders: company development: team, advisors, early backers: will retained for community development. medicalchain will use these tokens help grow ecosystem its blockchain educating others, supporting node holders, bringing partners onto its platform, conducting pilots, and sponsoring industry leading events. this will vest over years. community development crowdsale retained the company copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved timelines medicalchain date the story far work medicalchain started when founder dr. albeyatti identified issue with writing clinical notes patients being discharged out the hospital and having their care transferred back their family doctor (general practitioner). these notes, known "discharge summaries" contain substantial volume mandatory information that often written freeform text the doctors. the notes are subject errors. for example, doctors may forget include vital medical information, such the correct dosage course drug prescription. these errors put the patients' wellbeing risk, incur raised costs, and represent liability for the hospital. address this, dr. albeyatti co-founded discharge summary with bara mustafa. first deployed leeds teaching hospital trust, uk, the tool was designed generate accurate and timely notes when patients are sent home. discharge summary received positive welcome and was adopted junior doctors well consultants and other healthcare practitioners. discharge summary, improving communication and standardising data, demonstrated dr. albeyatti the power digital health lower costs and improve outcomes. sought apply this insight broader problem: disparate health systems. short, documents are transferred, often paper, other organisations where the exchange data results single version the truth. moreover, oftentimes systems are not interoperable; they cannot talk each other let alone use each other's vital data. copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved dr. albeyatti expanded the team bringing tayeb, jay povey, robert miller well combination medical doctors, allied health professionals, and experts from the blockchain community. together, the team has developed medicalchain complementing discharge summary and helping build dr. albeyatti's vision. over the past few months, flurry work has been completed and medicalchain has been featured world-renowned forums such the financial times digital health summit, blockchain labo, and the technology innovation. the work date has resulted public beta, which will released february, well several key partnerships. one thing for sure: medicalchain leading the way blockchain applications healthcare and digital health's role our daily lives. current developments the proof concept its final phase and the development now focused design and ux/ui experience.the core the application, medicalchain's secure api and blockchain, ready for the release the beta. the nodes setup and operated during the beta are run medicalchain, but over time medicalchain will include other nodes onto its network. several these conversations are underway already with hospitals, universities and non-profit organisations. collaborative design enhance the user experience medicalchain range global advisors have been selected work specific use cases. expert patients, doctors, health professionals, health providers, insurance and pharmaceutical companies will take part system design consultation with blockchain developers. the beta release will enable testing each use case, with the trialling community providing feedback via the platform. roadmap jan conceptualisation ideas. development started discharge summary cardiology department identified good starting point cultivate idea feb dec jan feb mar apr may first release medicalchain prototype discharge summary website launched launched with leeds teaching hospital trust jun jul aug medicalchain joins hyperledger and linux foundation sep oct medicalchain showcased digital health summit nyc nov dec launched with queen elizabeth hospital launched with university hospital lewisham medicalchain nominated top europe for accenture healthtech challenge medicalchain nominated top the world for h-farm health accelerator competition copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved roadmap jan closed beta platform launch doctor and patient enrollment for telemedicine application launched with princess royal hospital feb mar medicalchain set present european parliament apr medicalchain establishing links with world class universities may jun jul medicalchain emergency bracelet introduced into the pilots aug and pilot completed and collected data and feedback analysed with improvements made the platform sep oct wearable devices integrated into the medicalchain platform pilot launched china, japan and south korea nov dec china, japan and south korea medicalchain pilots all completed and platform ready for worldwide launch jan feb mar copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved phased roll out fully functioning medicalchain platform route market the identified actors that will require initial onboarding include: patients service users clinicians non-profit node services research institutes pharma expert patients have expressed great interest the benefits owning and managing their own health records. are working with several disease-specific organisations onboard experienced healthcare users test the collation data processes, alongside the user interface. medicalchain has several community campaigns running, variety platforms raise awareness the project and the benefits blockchain for healthcare users. communication platforms include: global events international press releases sponsored meetups telegram email campaigns linkedin reddit twitter bitcoin chat line wechat kakao talk copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved communication users focused safety and security patient data. education blockchain technology seen priority, raise awareness, gain trust and influence adoption medicalchain. innovators and early adopters will the primary target market for system trials. influential users that witness the benefits medicalchain will the main catalysts for further patient onboarding. continue with awareness and onboarding campaigns, medicalchain will offer service where will request healthcare records for consenting users. our legal team are working with system developers build api integration compliant with various international regulations. acknowledge that some countries may have barriers the decentralization data and are working with others negotiate these barriers. the data migration process would require user complete short form consent, highlighting the providers they wish obtain records from who they had previously visited. physical documents will scanned and mined for information which will then encrypted and uploaded data lakes. electronic records will standardised, encrypted and uploaded. medicalchain approaching clinicians individually and organisational level. this multilevel approach will allow for forward-thinking health providers test the medicalchain platform throughout their service but does not exclude innovative autonomous healthcare professionals. will work alongside clinicians test the pilot with consenting patients and assist providers with patient-targeted marketing material improve user adoption. route market the key incentives for clinical onboarding include: cost savings: decreased need for repeat diagnostics, decreased administrative costs for record retrieval/ transportation, decreased risk errors associated with inaccurate unobtainable medical records. increased revenue: access global patients when completing chargeable telemedicine consultations complete with simultaneous up-to-date healthcare records. non-profit organisations with the required compliance documents and experience handling sensitive data, will have the opportunity partner with medicalchain. organisations will incentivised act secure nodes for holding encrypted health data. the key incentives for node onboarding include: financial incentivisation: medtokens will used support the maintenance the node well incentivise the hospital, university and/or non-profit organisation continue acting node. public relations opportunity: node for medicalchain and part international community healthcare providers. opportunity leader the future healthcare and become involved blockchain technology. research institutes pharma medicalchain currently discussion with several large pharmaceutical and health research organisations. these organisations will have the ability request data from cohorts users medicalchain's platform, and with their consent, use their health records for research. copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved looking forward medicalchain has ambitious goals for the future. want improve people's lives building the digital infrastructure for the healthcare the future. we're looking for driven people organizations help realize that vision. you're interested joining our team building our platform then please reach out contact@medicalchain.com. copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved medtoken legal and crowdsale general information risks the medtoken does not have the legal qualification security, since does not give any rights dividends interests. the sale medtokens final and non-refundable. medtokens are not shares and not give any right participate the general meeting medicalchain sa. medtoken cannot have performance particular value outside the medicalchain network. medtoken shall therefore not used purchased for speculative investment purposes. the purchaser medtoken aware that national securities laws, which ensure that investors are sold investments that include all the proper disclosures and are subject regulatory scrutiny for the investors' protection, are not applicable. acquiring medtoken and storing them involves various risks, particular the risk that medicalchain may not able launch its operations and develop its blockchain and provide the services promised. therefore, and prior acquiring medtokens, any user should carefully consider the risks, costs and benefits acquiring medtoken the context the crowdsale and, necessary, obtain any independent advice this regard. anyone purchasing medtoken expressly acknowledges and represents that she/he has carefully reviewed this whitepaper and fully understands the risks, costs and benefits associated with the purchase medtoken. general knowledge the purchaser medtoken undertakes that she/he understands and has significant experience cryptocurrencies, blockchain systems and services, and that she/he fully understands the risks associated with the crowdsale well the mechanism related the use cryptocurrencies (incl. storage). medicalchain shall not responsible for any loss medtoken situations making impossible access medtokens, which may result from any actions omissions the user any person undertaking acquire medtokens, well case hacker attacks. copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved any interested person who not the position accept understand the risks associated with the activity (incl. the risks related the non-development the medicalchain platform) any other risks indicated the terms conditions the crowdsale should not acquire medtokens. disclaimer this whitepaper shall not and cannot considered invitation enter into investment. does not constitute relate any way nor should considered offering securities any jurisdiction. the whitepaper does not include nor contain any information indication that might considered recommendation that might used base any investment decision. this document does not constitute offer invitation sell shares, securities rights belonging medicalchain any related associated company. the medtoken just utility token which can used only the medicalchain platform and not intended used investment. the offering medtoken trading platform done order allow the use the medicalchain platform and not for speculative purposes. the offering medtoken trading platform not medtoken legal and crowdsale changing the legal qualification the token, which remains simple means for the use the medicalchain platform and not security. medicalchain not considered advisor any legal, tax financial matters. any information the whitepaper given for general information purpose only and medicalchain does not provide with any warranty the accuracy and completeness this information. given the lack crypto-token qualifications most countries, each buyer strongly advised carry out legal and tax analysis concerning the purchase and ownership medicalchain's tokens according their nationality and place residence. medicalchain today not financial intermediary according swiss law and not required obtain any authorization for anti-money laundering purpose. this qualification may change case medicalchain will offer services which are considered qualifying financial intermediation activity. this case, the use medicalchain services may require the positive conclusion aml/kyc identification process. medtokens confer direct indirect right medicalchain sa's capital income, nor does confer any governance right within medicalchain sa; medtoken not proof ownership right control over medicalchain and does not grant the controlling individual any asset share medicalchain sa, the medicalchain network. medtoken does not grant any right participate control over medicalchain sa's management decision-making set-up, over the medicalchain network and governance the purchasers. regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated with cryptocurrencies the world. that respect, regulatory measures, investigations actions may impact medicalchain sa's business and even limit prevent from developing its operations the future. any person undertaking acquire medtoken must aware the medicalchain business model, the whitepaper terms conditions may change need modified because new regulatory and compliance requirements from any applicable laws any jurisdictions. copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved medtoken legal and crowdsale such case, purchasers and anyone undertaking acquire medtoken acknowledge and understand that neither medicalchain nor any its affiliates shall held liable for any direct indirect loss damage caused such changes. medicalchain will its utmost launch its operations and develop the medicalchain platform. anyone undertaking acquire medtoken acknowledges and understands that medicalchain does not provide any guarantee that will manage achieve it. concluding the commercial operation, these tokens will issued technical process referred this open source protocol over which the company has rights liability terms its development and operation. the token distribution mechanism will controlled smart contract; this involves computer program that can executed the ethereum network blockchain network that compatible with smart contract programming language. they acknowledge and understand therefore that medicalchain (incl. its bodies and employees) assumes liability responsibility for any loss damage that would result from relate the incapacity use medtokens, except case intentional misconduct gross negligence. medtokens based the ethereum protocol. therefore, any malfunction, unplanned function unexpected operation the ethereum protocol may cause the medicalchain network medicalchain sas malfunction operate way that not expected. ether, the native ethereum protocol account unit may itself lose value similar way medtokens, and also other ways. copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved medtoken legal and crowdsale representation and warranties participating the crowdsale, the purchaser agrees the above and particular, they represent and warrant that they: have read carefully the terms conditions attached the whitepaper; agree their full contents and accept legally bound them; are authorised and have full power purchase medtoken according the laws that apply their jurisdiction domicile; are not u.s. citizen, resident entity "u.s. person") nor are they purchasing medicalchain signing behalf u.s. person; are not resident china south korea and nor are they purchasing medtoken signing behalf chinese south korean resident; live jurisdiction which allows medicalchain sell medtoken through crowdsale without requiring any local authorization and are compliance with the local, state, and national laws and regulations when purchasing, selling and/or using medicalchain; are familiar with all related regulations the specific jurisdiction which they are based and that purchasing cryptographic tokens that jurisdiction not prohibited, restricted subject additional conditions any kind; will not use the crowdsale for any illegal activity, including but not limited money laundering and the financing terrorism; have sufficient knowledge about the nature the cryptographic tokens and have significant experience with, and functional understanding of, the usage and intricacies dealing with cryptographic tokens and currencies and blockchain-based systems and services; purchase medtoken because they wish have access the medicalchain platform; are not purchasing medtoken for the purpose speculative investment usage. copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved medtoken legal and crowdsale governing law arbitration the client acknowledges and accepts that the medicalchain ico operation taking place within swiss legal environment that still under development. the parties agree seek amicable settlement prior bringing any legal action. all disputes arising with the with papers provided, shall resolved arbitration accordance with the swiss rules international arbitration the swiss chambers commerce force the date when the notice arbitration submitted accordance with these rules. the arbitration panel shall consist one arbitrator only. the seat the arbitration shall lugano, switzerland. the arbitral proceedings shall conducted english. medtokens will not listed any regulated stock exchange, such six swiss exchange, six. these terms have been prepared without regard the legal standards for prospectuses under art. art. the swiss code obligations the legal standards for facilitated prospectuses under art. the collective investment schemes act ("cisa") art. ff. the six listing rules the listing rules any other stock exchange switzerland. neither these terms nor any other material relating the offer, medicalchain medtokens will have been filed with approved any swiss regulatory authority. specifically, these terms will not filed with, and the offer medtokens will not supervised by, the swiss financial market supervisory authority finma (finma). furthermore, the offer medtokens has not been and will not authorised under the cisa. thus, the protection which given purchasers interests units collective investment schemes under the cisa does not extend purchasers medtokens. copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved copyright (c) medicalchain. all rights reserved