the portal eos whitepaper beta abstract with the advent block-chain the underlying consensus cryptocurrency has been switched from pow (proof work) dpos (delegated proof stake) for boosting performance and scalability purposes. the representative the dpos cryptocurrency era, eos will able develop numerous million user dapps and public block-chains with its high-performance transactions per second and more scalable contract. the more valuable dapps are eos, the more users will use the public chain, and will grow faster, which healthy cycle ecosystem. therefore, the ecosystem collection applications. compared eos, ios concentrates and reflects the variety app products. however, decentralized block-chain development platform, the cost resource utilization will increase under free market regulation. the meanwhile, lack effective auditing mechanisms for dapps, may lead too many low value apps the market, which will affect the user's experience and consequently influence the future development the eos ecosystem. meet.one will launch side chain which provides cost-effective developing platform for the developer make test and beta version their dapps, the same time, filter and incubate high-quality projects into the parent block-chain, guiding the eos app ecosystem, while developing healthy way. with the popularization block-chain technology, besides the technical problems, simplification the platform normal users also matter that needs dealt with. currently, most the block-chain apps are technicaloriented products, while there lack consideration for the user's thinking which results relatively high user threshold. for normal users, they perceive the top-layer product experience instead the underlying technology. meet.one aims meet user's demands for decentralized application based eos.io. with applications users' end, integrate the functions asset management, on-chain resource exchange, projects incubation, apps distribution, information platform and etc. this enable users gain the most elegant experience the block-chain world based eos.io, which maximizes and enlarges the value block-chain technology. the meet.one team possesses abundant experience product design and operation with over -million user community. the team has advanced experience domestic internet product experience, business logic, traffic operation and technical development. with involved eos community, will build healthy and friendly closed loop for eos ecosystem. project background the representative the dpos cryptocurrency era, eos will able develop numerous million-user dapps and public block-chains with its highperformance tps and scalable smart contracts. pos different from pow; the user's cryptocurrency not only represents digital assets, but also indicates the rights participate on-chain governance and allows participants engaged the entire community governance. eos re-defines the industry standard block-chain, which leads lot applications based different industries becoming standardized. fact, not necessary have numerous independent public chains the real world, easy-to-use and reliable block-chain standard enough. meet.one shares daniel larimier's values about eos technical expectations, that block-chain will revolutionize the real world, and will fully dedicate ourselves participate the eos ecosystem build-up. eosio project overview meet.one vision meet.one (block producer) candidate for eos.io, and elected genesis block producer june meet.one dedicating the establishment eos ecosystem, and will launch side-chain based eos native blockchain, order providing safe, steady and cost-effective development environment for eos developers. meet.one also incubator that help outstanding eos dapps terms its promotion, community outreach, product development and funding. meet.one will become flow portal eos, and offer various functions for the eos ecosystem. with abundant experience product design and operation community with over one million users, meet.one developer team has launched several applications eos ecosystem, including: meet.one eos wallet ,the portal eos ecology more.one bounty distribution application for tokens eos.io eos tool toolbox for eos.io eos kit eos news and information sharing platform eos dapps distribution platform pomelo open source cryptocurrency wallet for tokens eos.io meet.one able provide elegant user experience for participants the eos ecosystem. there are more than members the meet.one community. also has significant influence the global mandarin speaking community. are participants voting block producer. have clear plan that all rewards from the block producer will spent eos ecosystem construction. our vision become the creator and the witness technological history. meet.one advantages technology meet.one early participant building the eos ecosystem. focus developing related products the eos ecosystem portal after october since its foundation october until now, meet.one has launched variety software products. date rate progress meet.one finished developing china's first wechat mini application named "eos tools" help users learn eos wallet mapping and check the status their wallet, secure the users' assets. several new features have been launched since this iteration, including global introduction, rules candy airdrops for the eos ecological project, etc., which covers hundreds thousands users. meet.one was announced eos block producer candidate. meet.one united with eos cannon, eos nation and eosocal organize scholar testnet. there were candidates who joined the testnet march. team developers initiated the earliest and the largest bios boot test towards the eos developer community.` meet.one launched the first extension based google chrome browser named "eos kit", which integrated the eos global news, twitter, price ticker, dapp list, bpc list and other features, the flow portal eos. meet.one together with eosio.sg launched the feature voting, this the first known dawn.-based testing network that determines block producers voting. meet.one released the world's first eos ecosystem application, includes the functions eos asset management, voting, etc. addition, the information integration platform, the app will provide the most comprehensive eos ecological services users. complete preliminary development eos ecosystem portal products and side chain launch plan startup. meet.one elected genesis block producer eos. meet.one joined the kylin testing network group and led the research eos side chain development project. launch the eos side-chain. community special working approaches, attracts numerous supporters with its unique community mechanism, which brings meet.one the first high quality user group. meet.one develops products for global mobile internet users, which attracts more than users experience it. are expanding the community eos value identity and attracting massive users ecosystem portal products. news media one the biggest eos news media maindrain region (chinese) ,meet.one team has been tracking and reporting eos related news before the main network starts, timely interpretation eos related technical articles,and are also the first team translate eos white paper into chinese ,our colleagues also held many large-scale eos offline meetings, including eos family day, which gathered over global nodes participate. and the eos global -hour webcast conference eos ignite ),etc.. team the meet.one team highly experienced developing and operating community products with millions users. have abundant experience technology product development, business logic design, traffic operation and interactive experience improvement, etc. the meet.one team has committed developing valuable eos ecosystem products since the beginning its foundation. pursue user experience with ongoing working passion. the meet.one team puts the priorities day day work ahead others and believes the project's success. business model meet.one will open experimental field for eos, and set the portal the eos ecosystem, make easy for users use new technology and will bring new hands into it. our fundamental goal make the eos ecosystem serve and improve the world industries. meet.one business philosophy meet.one incubator the dpos consensus mechanism decides that all developers must hold eos tokens use the bandwidth the eos native blockchain, storage and other resources. however, the cost eos use will inevitably increase, due the decentralized free market, which not easy get for young developers and students. furthermore, the eos parent chain open environment, while the lack authority organization filter malicious low performance applications which lead low value applications the parent chain. normal users have limited abilities identify the value applications, which may cause ecosystem user losses. order solve these problems, meet.one provides stable and cost-effective side-chain network and rich sdk resources for dapp developers through the construction the side chain. incubator platform, meet.one aims encourage developers verify their ideas, consequently improving the application experience the ecosystem. developers need continually develop more and better dapps, keeping innovative attract traffic and revitalize the token circulation the ecosystem, thereby developing the entire block-chain ecosystem healthy way. meet.one side-chain achieve commercial level application performance, necessary reach the high level throughput capability. from the point design index, eos may ultimately scale millions tps through parallel block-chain, resulting confirmation speed milliseconds. eos demonstrates its unparalleled throughput capability. the meet.one side chain has the same excellent performance, and will provide safe, stable, high-speed and low-cost environment developers. meet.one sdk meet.one will provide bilingual development documentations, development tools, javascript sdk, sample code for the dapp developers the side chain. developers can concentrate functional creation and efficiently complete the application deployment the meet.one side chain. portal eos ecosystem the products that meet.one developed for the eos ecosystem portal, will build traffic portal for hundreds millions users access the eos ecosystem. meet.one will integrate the functions asset management, financial tools, onchain resource exchange, project incubator, dapps distribution and information platform, etc. addition, different scenarios can consolidated and switched more natural way optimizing the architecture mature products. our focus let users have the most elegant block-chain experience the eos world, maximize and realize the value block-chain technology. the meet.one team commits bring the best block-chain technology users, implement various scenarios that are based the different attributes eos, bring the best product experience users. address the lack experience and practical problems current block-chain technology. asset management meet.one application also digital wallet for users. eos ecosystem, almost all dapps will issue their own tokens, and every individual user may have dozens, even hundreds cryptocurrencies. the aspect digital asset management, meet.one can help users manage their digital assets the dapp, furthermore, using the tool invest eos ecosystem projects and token circulation. the meet.one wallet has many convenient management functions. capable providing built-in wallet support for start-up projects, which allows the project team concentrate their key function development. the users have full control their wallet's private keys, meet.one also developed the function multi-signature guarantees and step authorization verification towards different scales digital assets. various verification options are available for users choose from during transfers and transactions, such sending verification code user's mobile phone, fingerprint live identification, ensuring the safety cryptocurrency assets. financial tools eos applications will consider eos tokens credential allocate on-chain resources like bandwidth usage. those users who are holding large sums eos tokens, but don't use their entitled respective on-chain resource can make profits delegating user rights. developers will need on-chain resource for the scaling their applications. the financial architecture that has implemented bts will certainly lead diversified financial means and prosperous financial markets; same situation shall generated the eos ecosystem. the meet.one app, users may select rebate programs provided independent developers, and automatically execute the decentralized solution through smart contracts the chain. meet.one creates transparent window providing digital asset management channels and platforms. on-chain resource exchange eos holders may not need utilize all their entitled bandwidth all the time. the unconsumed bandwidth can delegated leased others. block producers who run eos.io will recognize the capacity license and assign the bandwidth. one the major advantages eos.io that the bandwidth available for dapps completely independent from token prices. therefore, onchain resource leasing particular scenario for dpos, which similar the traditional bandwidth leasing market. meet.one will create user-friendly platform for such on-chain resource exchange. dapps are temporarily occupying the bandwidth and other resources eos.io, developers may seek eos holders who have vacant resource and willing lease out for cheaper rate (may only cost eos token). the bandwidth and other resources will automatically returned the user after peak access. the developer obtains the bandwidth using rights lower cost and avoiding eos price fluctuation, while eos holders who lease out the right are also rewarded. dapp incubation platform the dapp incubation platform provides support particularly promotion and advertising, qualified application projects filtered the meet.one side chain. investors can obtain comprehensive information the projects, including project funding progress, related token data, project introduction, etc. this helps blockchain investors find the best investment opportunities and trace project progress, which reduces the communication costs between investors and developers, and effectively facilitate project co-operations. the meet.one asset management tool makes project investment more accessible and reduces trust costs for both investors and developers through the creation smart contracts. dapp distribution platform after the launch the eos native blockchain, dozens projects including wiki, announced they will use eos, due its underlying power, high performance and scalability. such enormous application ecosystem, each application serves different users and usage scenarios, however, the user cannot pay much attention each application. what they need most knowledge how obtain the service info the entire ecosystem, through the portal. the dapp distribution platform meet.one dapp store completely sorted users. recommendations different application lists are given through analyzing user's choices and preferences, which customized service the dapp store. meet.one's decentralized algorithm ensures that the dapp portal not being manipulated decentralized institutions and guarantees the freedom and loyalty the block-chain application ecosystem. information platform information window attract more people, the portal eos value, the meet.one wallet consolidates the primary industry's information from various channels from around the world, stored the servers, that users from different countries can easily access this information. real-time translation will available there will not any language barriers. users can optimize their investment portfolio the first place, based their opinion news and trends, they can get access educational courses eos blockchain technology. meanwhile, the meet.one information platform will process its decentralized isomorphism algorithm, pushing notifications for interesting content, filter the information that users are not interested and improve the attention value users. utility meet.one token meet.one token eos mainnet token which utilized meet.one platform. various functions meet.one may require meet.one tokens. meet.one tokens the fundamental element sustain the meet.one platform. developers who hold meet.one tokens are entitled utilize the side chain resource and developer sdk. eos native blockchain developers may seek appropriate on-chain resource lease through meet.one platform, and make the payment the providers the form meet.one tokens. developers may have access the advertising display function meet.one incubator paying meet.one tokens the meet.one platform. developers may have access the advertising display function meet.one dapp store paying meet.one tokens the meet.one platform. users who hold certain number meet.one tokens may entitled some special functions, such projects rating qualification, whitelist qualification for subscription, and candidacy for community leaders. token distribution meet.one token distribution distribution plan quantity total token supply retained for the team billion meet.one foundation billion early supporters billion reserved for airdrop and other ways distribution billion total supply: billion meet.one tokens, circulation, the issuance additional tokens prohibited. lifting plan locking schedule years locking period for the team holders, the locked tokens will released each year. locking time year year year year funds allocation for team scaling, rewards, research development for community construction and operation for force majeure and contingency reserve team goh goh has years product design experience, successively worked alibaba, mozat and other companies. joined aliyun and participated the early incubation cloud and set the experienced team for mozat when lived singapore. after returned home, led the team taking part with million users' product development the user experience leader meiyou. chow chow has years entrepreneurial experience, and working experience the block-chain industry. fan bitcoin and other crypto currencies,also invests different block-chain projects. also private fund manager and foreign exchange trader. ian ian has years r&d experience internet companies, has worked for qunar, snowball companies, and has extensive product development experience. also in-depth participant the eos developer community and core developer scholar testnet. rick rick graduated from xiamen university, and mba student. used the leader "meet you" clients and dealt with the business development the billion-dollar business project. led the incubator project complete rapid iterative product development, and has extensive experience client product development, optimization, and project management. sev sev has worked netdragon strategic project manager. was core member the team and charge establishing and promoting the strategic cooperation between netdragon and other well-known global companies such softbank, sony, and unity. organized and participated many high-level government visits and the reception foreign politicians large-scale summits. has extensive experience and resources business cooperation. susan susan graduated from zhejiang university. she foreign exchange trader, won the big shots bonus exness platform and was the only winner china. she has deep understanding traditional finance, currency systems, and economic cycles. susan has managed community which was composed tens thousands members that work investment banking and private equity funding. now she charge the meet.one communities. dmitri dmitri ukrainian investor china, and familiar with the asian and european cultures. used the ceo xiamen new energy company and founded several language schools china. cryptocurrency analyst and investor, and has supported many block-chain projects such tenx, arn, steem, etc. chao xie chao xie has more than ten years'experience internet development, has hosted and developed the ctrip ticket platform, rings.tv, fulda pay; expert the field payment, has extensive experience online payments, and now acting the cto fulda pay pte ltd. joined meet.one for helping bring out better implementation eos payment functionalities. disclaimer and risk factors disclaimer participants who are interested meet.one carefully read this chapter. participants who directly indirectly use resources meet.one shall deemed have accepted the rules set forth these disclaimers. ... meet.one adopts the principles voluntary participation, participate your own risk, responsibility and costs. participants shall individuals over years old with full legal capacity, and voluntarily accept and are willing abided the rules and regulations. ... participants shall take all risks and legal responsibilities arising directly indirectly from these activities. the organizers, sponsors institutions shall have liability physical injuries, property loss and spiritual damage that may arise due such investment meet.one ... meet.one shall not responsible for the situation case temporary shut-down, which may the result from hacker attacks, computer virus infection government restrictions, etc. meet.one company also does not undertake obligations personal information being leaked, lost, stolen tampered with. ... meet.one will give prior notice temporary system shutdowns for maintenance upgrade purposes. case circuit faults, outside hardware failure other force majeure event causing system temporary shutdown, meet.one does not undertake obligations the inconvenience and losses. ... this whitepaper does not constitute any investment advice, investment intention abet investments concerning the form securities. this whitepaper does not constitute nor should considered offering securities any jurisdiction, invitation buy sell the securities, and not intended any form contract promise. ... subscribing meet.one token not investment. there promise future value, and guarantee that there possibility value drop. meet.one token cannot used buy goods services, and has particular value. ... meet.one expressly disclaims that undertakes obligation any indirect directs loss arising out participation meet.one project, including the reliability all information provided this document, errors, omissions inaccurate information, any actions resulting therefrom. ... meet.one token not sort ownership controlling power. holding meet.one tokens does not represent holding control over meet.one applications, authorization anyone's participations decision-making regarding meet.one applications. ... meet.one reserves the rights modify and update the interpretation this disclaimer from time time. risk factors investing meet.one highly risky. token holders may encounter different risks including market risk, operational risk, credit risk, administrative risk, political risk, etc.the return venture investment comes from project development and operation, there promise fixed return guaranteed capital preservation and minimum income. ... risks relating smart contracts eos. meet.one token eos-based token, therefore, any failure eos-based contracts, unpredictable functionality issues, attacks may result meet.one platform shutdown function loss. addition, the value accounts the eos contracts may fluctuate with meet.one tokens the same way other ways. for more information about eos contracts, see: http://eos.io, ... risk losing meet.one tokens due credentials loss meet.one tokens most likely link existing meet.one account prior token distribution, the relevant credentials are the only key access the token account. losing the confidential information will result the loss tokens. the best and safest way store credentials keep them single multiple places, not store expose them the work place. ... risks related purchase certificates private key, combination private keys, necessary control and dispose meet.one tokens stored your digital wallet, vault other storage mechanism. accordingly, loss quisite private key(s) associated with your digital wallet, vault other storage mechanism storing meet.one tokens may result loss such meet.one tokens. moreover, any third party that gains access such private key(s), including gaining access login credentials hosted wallet service you use, may able misappropriate your meet.one tokens. cannot responsible for any such losses. ... risk judicial supervision the block-chain industry became major supervision target main countries the world. case regulating agencies stepping influencing this industry, such restrictions token utilization and sales meet.one tokens, and might even stopped the development meet.one applications. ... risk insufficient interest the ecosystem distributed applications possible that the ecosystem will not used large number individuals, companies and other entities that there will limited public interest the creation and development distributed ecosystems (such the ecosystem) more generally. such lack use interest could negatively impact the development the ecosystem and therefore the potential utility meet.one tokens. ... risk hacking and security weaknesses hackers other malicious groups organisations may attempt interfere with the ecosystem meet.one token variety ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial service attacks, consensus-based attacks, sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. furthermore, because the ecosystem based open-source software, there risk that third party member any group entity may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses into the core infrastructure the ecosystem, which could negatively affect the ecosystem and token units. ... risks mining attacks same other crypto currencies, the meet.one platform blockchain also susceptible mining attacks, for instance, double spending attacks, attacks, sybil attacks and race condition attacks. each successful attack poses certain risk for meet.one token. any successful attacks present risk the ecosystem and meet.one tokens, including, but not limited to, accurate execution and recording transactions involving token units. ... risks related maintenance utilization meet.one tokens should not considered investment. although may have certain value certain period time, the value could very little due lack maintenance utilization, which obviously effects meet.one token. ... meet.one dissolution possible that, due any number reasons, including, but not limited to, unfavourable fluctuation the value cryptographic and fiat currencies, decrease the utility meet.one due negative adoption the ecosystem, the failure commercial relationships, intellectual property ownership challenges, the ecosystem may longer viable operate and meet.one may dissolved. ... system failure meet.one network services, which would include the ecosystem, could disrupted numerous events, including natural disasters, equipment breakdown, network connectivity downtime, power losses, even intentional disruptions its services, such disruptions caused software viruses attacks unauthorized users, some which are beyond control. although the meet.one team will taking steps against malicious attacks its appliances its infrastructure, which are critical for the maintenance the ecosystem and its other services, there can assurance that cyber-attacks, such distributed denials service, will not attempted the future, and that any meet.one's intended enhanced security measures will effective. ... unpredictable risks cryptographic token are new and untested technology. addition the aforementioned risks, there may other risks associated with your purchase, holding and use token units, including those that the seller cannot anticipate. such risks may further materialise unanticipated variations combinations the risks.