risk factor and disclaimer statement this risk factor and disclaimer statement (this "statement") for "merculet", distributed system. persons who may purchase, use, trade hold the cryptotokens "mvp" used for merculet shall carefully read, comprehend and accept this statement. before taking any action with respect merculet mvp, you shall peruse and understand: (a) all the information published the official site merculet "www.merculet.io", may updated from time time; and (b) the whitepaper merculet. the information identified above are incorporated integral parts this statement. you have any question doubt anything contained unaddressed the information identified above, please communicate with merculet's developer, magic foundation limited singapore public company limited guarantee), your convenience. you shall refrain from participating the sale campaign merculet purchasing any mvp until answered your satisfaction. mvp nature only designed grant the holders with access certain functions within the system merculet, and therefore does not stand for function as: (a) equity interest (or its like) obligations any entity any jurisdiction; (b) any creditor's right claim against any person; (c) investment any kind any venture; (d) any securities, matter whether having intrinsic value market price not; (e) any certificate representing certain underlying assets; (f) any commodity asset that any person obliged redeem purchase. magic foundation limited expressly disclaims its liability, and shall case liable any person, for: (a) any person's purchase holding mvp violation any anti-money laundering, counter-terrorism financing other regulatory requirements that are imposed any jurisdiction; (b) any person's purchase mvp violation any representation, warranty, obligation, covenant other provision under the agreement between him/her and the relevant seller, and the resulting failure inability make his/her payment claim relevant purchased mvp; (c) early termination the mvp sale for any reason; (d) failure abortion merculet development and resulting failure deliver mvp; (e) delay rescheduling merculet development and resulting failure meet any anticipated milestone; (f) any error, bug, flaw, defect otherwise the source code merculet; (g) any malfunction, breakdown, collapse, rollback hardforking (h) (i) (j) (k) (l) (m) (n) (o) (p) merculet the blockchain ethereum; failure merculet mvp meet any specific purpose, unfitness for any specific use; utilization the proceeds raised through the mvp sale; failure timely and completely disclose any information relating the development merculet, including the source code merculet; any purchaser's divulgence, loss destruction the private key his/her crypto-currency crypto-token wallet (inter alia, the private key the wallet where that purchaser stores mvp); any default, breach, infringement, breakdown, collapse, service suspension interruption, fraud, mishandling, misconduct, malpractice, negligence, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution winding-up any third party crowdfunding portal mvp; any difference, conflict contradiction between the information published magic foundation limited and agreement between any purchaser and any third party crowdfunding portal; trading speculation mvp any person; listing delisting mvp from any exchange trading platform; mvp being classified treated any government, quasi-government, authority public body kind currency, securities, commercial paper, negotiable instrument, investment otherwise that may banned, regulated subject certain legal restrictions. the sale campaign merculet, any, may early terminated, case which purchaser may only refunded with part his/her payment result the bitcoin/ether price volatility and/or the expenses incurred magic foundation limited. merculet the stage development the date this statement and its philosophy, consensus mechanism, algorithm, code and other technical specifications and parameters could updated and changed frequently and constantly. while the whitepaper merculet has contained certain information merculet, not absolutely complete and subject adjustments and updates that magic foundation limited might make from time time for certain purposes. magic foundation limited not position, nor obliged, keep each purchaser closely posted every detail merculet development (including its progress and expected milestones matter whether rescheduled not) and therefore will not necessarily provide the purchaser with timely and full access all the information relating merculet that may emerge from time time. the insufficiency information disclosure inevitable and reasonable. the source code merculet will not open immediately. instead the code will gradually open public according the development progress and application status merculet. magic foundation limited not commited the specific time disclose the source code merculet. crypto-tokens are being, may be, overseen the regulatory authorities various jurisdictions. magic foundation limited may receive queries, notices, warnings, requests rulings from one more regulatory authorities from time time, may even ordered suspend discontinue any action connection with the sale campaign merculet, merculet's development mvp. the development, marketing, promotion otherwise merculet the sale campaign merculet may seriously affected, hindered terminated result. and since regulatory policies could change from time time, existing regulatory permission tolerance merculet the sale campaign thereof any jurisdiction could just temporary. mvp could defined from time time virtual commodity, digital asset even securities currency various jurisdictions and therefore could prohibited from being traded held certain jurisdictions pursuant local regulatory requirements. cryptography evolving and cannot guarantee absolute security all times. advances cryptography, such code cracking, technical advances such the invention/improvement quantum computers, could present risks all cryptography-based systems including merculet. this could result the theft, loss, disappearance, destruction devaluation the mvp held any person. reasonable extent, magic foundation limited will prepared take proactive remedial steps update the protocol underlying merculet response any advances cryptography and incorporate additional reasonable security measures where appropriate. the future cryptography security innovations unpredictable while magic foundation limited will, together with other merculet community members, try accommodate continuing changes the domains cryptography and security. merculet still the process development, rather than finished product ready launch. due the technological complexity merculet, magic foundation limited could faced with unforeseeable and/or insurmountable difficulties from time time. accordingly, the development merculet could fail abort any time for any cause (including insufficiency funds). the development failure abortion would result non-availability mvp any participant the sale campaign mvp. there may attempts steal the sale proceeds mvp (including the fiat currency amount converted therefrom). such theft attempted theft may compromise magic foundation limited's ability fund the development merculet. while magic foundation limited will adopt cutting-edge technical solutions keep the sale proceeds safe, certain cyberthefts could hardly unpreventable. nobody can guarantee the source code merculet flaw-free. may contain certain flaws, errors, defects and bugs, which may disable some functionality for users, expose users' information otherwise. such flaws, any, would compromise the usability, stability, and/or security merculet and consequently bring adverse impact the value mvp. open source codes rely transparency promote community-sourced identification and solution problems within the code. magic foundation limited will work closely together with other members the merculet community keep improving, optimizing and perfecting the source code merculet onwards. there are three prevailing categories distributed ledger adopted among the contemporary blockchain projects, namely, unpermissioned ledger, consortium ledger and private ledger. merculet will based consortium distributed ledger. while merculet initially developed magic foundation limited, not owned, operated otherwise controlled solely magic foundation limited, but jointly maintained various nodes the consortium. the source code merculet will eventually open and could updated, amended, altered modified from time time. nobody able foresee guarantee the precise result update, amendment, alteration modification. result, any update, amendment, alteration modification could lead unexpected unintended outcome that adversely affects merculet's operation mvp's value. mvp will "erc-" tokens ethereum. ethereum rests open-source software and unpermissioned distributed ledger. regardless ethereum foundation's effort keep the network ethereum secure, anyone may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses bugs into the core infrastructural elements ethereum which the security measures adopted are unable prevent remedy. this may consequently result the loss mvp any other digital tokens held person. ethereum designed public and unpermissioned and therefore may suffer cyber-attacks such "distributed denial service" and "sybil attack" from time time. such attacks will adversely affect, stagnate paralyze the network ethereum and accordingly render the transactions thereon delayed recorded included the blocks ethereum's blockchain even temporarily unable performed. the operation ethereum will affected, suspended discontinued result. any person who gains access the mvp purchaser's registered email registered account deciphering cracking the purchaser's password will able claim bad faith such mvp purchased the sale campaign merculet. such, the mvp purchased the sale campaign merculet may missent the person whoever claims that the same through the purchaser's registered email registered account, which sending not revocable reversible. each purchaser shall take care the security his/her registered email and registered account throughout taking such actions as: (i) using highly secure password; (ii) refraining from opening responding any scam emails; and (iii) keeping strictly confidential all the secret personal information about himself/herself. the loss destruction private key required access mvp may irreversible. mvp are controllable only possessing both the relevant unique public and private keys through local online wallet. the holder mvp required safeguard the private keys contained his/her own wallet(s) where his/her mvp stored. where such private key the holder lost, missing, divulged, destroyed otherwise compromised, neither magic foundation limited nor anyone else will able help the holder access retrieve the related mvp. subject the specific underlying protocol the launch merculet, the total quantity mvp may increase over time, and could further increase result the adoption patch upgrade merculet source code. the resulting inflation mvp supply could lead the drop market price, and consequently mvp holders could suffer economic losses. not guaranteed that purchaser holder mvp would compensated made good somehow for the mvp inflation. the value mvp hinges heavily the popularity merculet. merculet not expected popular, prevalent widely used soon after the launch. the worst-case scenario that merculet may even remain marginalized the long run, appealing only minimal portion the users. contrast, significant portion mvp demand could speculative nature. the lack users may result increasing volatility mvp's market price and consequently compromise merculet's long-term development. magic foundation limited will not (nor has the responsibility to) stabilize otherwise affect mvp's market price there any such price. mvp not currency issued any individual, entity, central bank national, supra-national quasi-national organization, nor backed any hard assets other credit. the circulation and trading mvp the market are not what magic foundation limited responsible for pursues. trading mvp merely depends the consensus its value between the relevant market participants. nobody obliged redeem purchase any mvp from any mvp holder. nor does anyone guarantee the liquidity market price mvp any extent any time. divest his/her mvp, mvp holder would have locate one more willing buyers purchase the same mutually agreed price, which attempt could costly and timeconsuming and does not necessarily bear fruit. moreover, there could crypto-currency exchange other marketplace having mvp listed thereon for trading. cryptographic tokens, traded public markets, usually have extremely volatile prices. fluctuations price over short periods time frequently occur, which price may denominated bitcoin, ether, dollars any other fiat currency. such fluctuations could result from market forces (including speculations), regulatory changes, technical innovations, availability exchanges and other objective factors and represent changes the balance supply and demand. magic foundation limited not responsible for any secondary market trading mvp, matter whether not there would such markets for mvp. therefore, magic foundation limited neither obliged tame the price volatility mvp nor cares about that. the risks associated with mvp trading price have taken the mvp traders themselves. merculet's underlying protocol based open-source computer software. once the source code open, nobody claims copyright any other type intellectual property right the source code. result, anyone can legally copy, replicate, reproduce, engineer, modify, upgrade, improve, recode, reprogram otherwise utilize the source code and/or underlying protocol merculet attempt develop competing protocol, software, system smart contract, which out the seller's control and may consequently compete with even overshadow overtake merculet. besides, there have been and will various competing blockchain-based platforms that compete with merculet. the seller will case capable eliminating, preventing, restricting minimizing such competing efforts that aim contest with overtake merculet. while mvp will initially generated "erc-" tokens ethereum, may later converted, technologically necessary advisable, into such crypto-tokens native the blockchain merculet upon the launch merculet. such conversion occurs, the mvp holders shall perform accordance with the then instructions magic foundation limited. the holders mvp will not have access merculet's functions utilities until the foregoing conversion completed. merculet will allow third parties issue their own "user attention tokens" within the system merculet connection with the services products offered such third parties. all such user attention tokens are not subject censorship, restriction, control, pre-qualification admission requirement. magic foundation limited neither intends nor able act censor scrutinize any extent any user attention tokens within merculet. certain user attention tokens may involve fraud, misrepresentation, over-commitment, misleading publicity, default, misconduct other flaws, which are all attributable the relevant issuers instead magic foundation limited. the regulatory authorities certain jurisdictions could take administrative judicial actions against the issuers users certain user attention tokens. any punishment, penalty, sanction, crackdown other regulatory effort made any governmental authority may more less frighten deter existing potential users away from using merculet and holding mvp, and consequently bring material adverse impact the prospect merculet. table contents background ........................................................................... industrial pain point ............................................................................. industry background: embracing the disruption investor-consumerproducer relation ..................................................................................... user attention based growth methodology......................................... merculet goals and vision................................................................... merculet solution.................................................................. merculet attention value network...................................................... the circulation value mvp.......................................................... ... the value anchor mvp ......................................................... ... characteristics mvp ........................................................... ... the circulation mvp ............................................................ technology implementation merculet ......................................... ... multi-tier architecture with multi-chain and multi- asset ............ ... merculet protocol suites ......................................................... merculet uav evaluation system ......................................... uav evaluation ................................................................................... the issue uat ................................................................................ application market merculet uat alliance ...................................... golden triangle user incentive ...................................................... merculet open content platform .......................................... future architecture content module .............................................. universal content .......................................................................... universal content protocols .............................................................. reputation system ............................................................................ consensus mechanism application layer: r+pos .......................... governance content community................................................... community court (arbitration and dispute settlement) ..................... foundation........................................................................... some clients partnership ................................................ strategic partner: elex ....................................................................... strategic partner: solo ads ............................................................... exclusive strategic partner: magicwindow ........................ introduction magicwindow ............................................................. related data magicwindow............................................................ roadmap.............................................................................. team ..................................................................................... ivan jiang ........................................................................................... shen jun zhang ................................................................................. jerry gao ........................................................................................... hai bin ........................................................................................... kevin wu............................................................................................ ting qiang ...................................................................................... tony shen .......................................................................................... jun ............................................................................................... keyness cheng .................................................................................. stanly .......................................................................................... advisors ............................................................................. prof. shou cheng zhang .................................................................... shen ............................................................................................ roger lim......................................................................................... bin sen tang .................................................................................... yue feng qiu..................................................................................... iris yin .............................................................................................. abstract blockchain technology enables users and entrepreneurs, users and users, entrepreneurs and entrepreneurs collaborate efficiently via mathematics and code without having rely large number intermediaries and middlemen. this will disrupt the investor-consumer-producer relation globally! are living era with oversupply information towards consumers. the excessive information not only becomes burden corporate growth but also inefficiently bottlenecks the user traffic. the creation merculet utilizes the blockchain technology, which focuses the transformation from the internet information the internet value. merculet uses blockchain technology transform the relations between consumers, producers, and investors. allows users monetize their attention. meanwhile, also helps enterprises grow their businesses creating virtuous feedback ecosystem and the redistribution the trillion-dollar value-driven economy. merculet has built attention value network (token: mvp). connects both the supply and demand sides attention with open protocol suite promote virtuous circulation the internet value. there are three core components: the uav (user attention value) evaluation system will scientifically measure the value the user's attention while seamlessly integrating with traditional rewardpoint systems. uats (user attention tokens), which the designated tokens for each entrepreneur. the uat will anchoring the basic mvp, enabling the synergy and the value exchange between entrepreneurs. open content platform will built based consensus and driven tokens, becoming the sources user attention, and encouraging all the users the ecosystem actively promote the virtuous cycle the global content ecosystem participants. merculet has defined partnership with some reliable partners for actual business practice, such elex, with years focus overseas game distribution; solo ads, with years overseas traffic operation, commercialization advertisements with well-developed product matrix; magicwindow, with years experience providing smart content distribution services entrepreneurs. background industrial pain point the moment, acquiring new users increasingly difficult and expensive for both mature and start-up enterprises. what's worse that the platform can't acquire new users and retain old users. undoubtedly brings huge challenges the sustainable and healthy development the enterprise. the era the internet information, only information can sent and exchanged but value money cannot sent directly online. this renders the user's value being difficult measure non-profitable. the large users' base enterprise the reason why the enterprise valued one hundred billion, but they seem not able valued deserved. users' time, money and the data they generated are taken advantage of. it's unfair users. the value users underestimated, which turn exacerbates the difficulty business operations and creates unpromising vicious cycle. industry background: embracing the disruption investorconsumer-producer relation the transparent data that cannot changed blockchain enhance trust among different parties. the smart contract top the blockchain enables enterprises achieve value transferring and establish trust with users and other enterprises directly. most scenarios, only mathematics and code needed ensure the contractual relationship between them. the old business model and production relations have been broken. the age the internet information, dominating enterprises with higher organizational efficiency stronger capital advantages have monopolized their fields with their scale advantages. however, when comes the internet value, the advantages the dominating enterprises are longer absolute, and the disruption the investor-consumer-producer relation brings new opportunities the entrepreneurs. only better embracing the new relation and operation mode can form virtuous growth cycle and break the monopoly. meanwhile, for the dominating enterprises, they must actively tackle with the challenge decentralization brought blockchain technology and explore new types growth mechanism achieve mutual benefit between enterprises and users. user attention based growth methodology the contradiction between the exponential growth information the mobile internet and the finite user attention, which makes attention scarce resource. blockchain technology has made possible for users turn their attention into tangible value and provided foundation for realizing the new growth model which takes user's attention the core link. the core growth gain the user's attention: the user's attention means traffic, and essential for the enterprise acquire, evaluate, motivate, and operate. the same time, users' attention towards certain product service considered recognition and loyalty the enterprise. this should part the enterprise's value. users pay attention become part the enterprise's value, and then get rewarded; enterprises provide users with attention value measurement and conversion, and truly form community interests with users. will able obtain sustained growth! the same time, content the primary source attention. it's essential promote the efficient production and circulation content. merculet goals and vision merculet, the chief growth officer global entrepreneurs, uses blockchain technology transform the relation between consumer, investor and producer, provides entrepreneurs with the one-stop solution, enabling global users monetize their attention. meanwhile, also helps enterprises grow their businesses creating mutually-positive feedback ecosystem and the redistribution the trillion-dollar value-driven economy. merculet hopes that every user will benefit from blockchain technology without changing their habits; every entrepreneur who cherish their users will achieve rapid growth through merculet providing them deeper values. merculet solution merculet attention value network merculet proposes growth methodology based user attention: merculet constructed attention value network. this network connects both the supply and demand sides attention with open protocol suite promote virtuous circulation the internet value. the one hand, provides diverse methods for user operation. the other hand, offers real users and business scenarios for various existing public chain projects, promoting the effective circulation value. attention value network realizes the value circulation distributed commercial society, brings brand-new production relationship experience users and entrepreneurs, and re-defines the structure valuable user traffic. the core components the project include: user attention value (uav) evaluation system: uav system effectively evaluates user attention, completes digitalization and capitalization, and provides proof effective workload, that is, uav. established long-lasting trust relationship between entrepreneur and user well new mechanism for the community interests; attention incentive system: uat (user attention token), application market merculet uat alliance entrepreneurs can issue uat users based uav value. the uat will anchoring the basic mvp (merculet value protocol) token, enabling the synergy and the value exchange between entrepreneurs, thus creating era the token. address the source user attention, merculet will provide blockchain based merculet open content platform: based consensus and driven token, will provide decentralized platform for the entire industry chain globally. also dedicated solving the problem global content circulation brought cultural differences. the circulation value mvp ... the value anchor mvp the cornerstone token the business growth-driving, mvp provides fundamental value anchors for entrepreneurial activities entrepreneurs around the world: let entrepreneurs have more business scenarios: such online advertising, content subscriptions. mvp will continue support more business scenarios drive them grow and continuously improve the ecological value; reward for user's attention, will truly achieve the effect +>: mvp not limited single app single enterprise but can circulate. closely related the growth various enterprises multiple scenarios. the same time, effective evaluation user's attention can used endorse entrepreneurs that the business logic can quickly operated. incentive for the basic amount effort open content platform, such rewards for translators; reward for high-quality content producers the process content circulation, promote the sound development content ecology. ... characteristics mvp mvp has the following features: limited total amount: maintain certain degree expandability and scarcity; numerous circulation scenarios: with wide coverage, supports all business scenarios customer service enterprises; wide target audience: attention economy covers the entire mobile internet users. mvp can deepen the transformation and evaluation user value, and gradually guide value sharing. ... the circulation mvp mvp, the cornerstone token merculet, runs through the entire system and used different holders: entrepreneurs, users, content contributors and advertisers each role has different acquisition and consumption scenarios: entrepreneurs entrepreneurs use mvp provide continuous event incentives for the user's attention, with the following advantages: there more space explore than conventional coupon incentives; there more sustained degree attention than conventional coupon incentives: the degree attention gained coupon incentive one-off, but mvp could continuing pay attention the development process before consumed, dramatically increasing the user's attention; certain extent, the better the development eco-entrepreneurs, the higher the value the mvp ecosystem: users will take the initiative lot things that are beneficial entrepreneurs because uat/mvp's longterm. thus, uat/mvp promotes the positive circulation mvp ecology; prior the entrepreneurs' tokens being been issued, mvp provides strong endorsement for the entrepreneur users' incentive program stimulate growth. the case that the entrepreneur's token operates well, can achieve "+>" result enriching the users' choices and experiences; also, entrepreneurs can earn mvps contributing the ecology, such using the content from open content platform allowing their own advertising system support the consumption mvp. strategic support, entrepreneurs return portion the token from advertising revenue content revenue the pool support plans. could promote the healthy development the entire merculet ecosystem; meanwhile, the increase the ecological value mvp will turn support entrepreneurs greater extent. builds the positive circulation. users entrepreneurs will issue uat rewards based the uav value obtained the users, and then reward certain mvps according the value uat. users can gain access the application/welfare market based their mvp numbers, they can redeem incentive different enterprise within the merculet ecosystem. the future the distributed business will user-centric, and users will have various token attributes (basic token and proof rights). the large-scale growth users can bring about the rapid circulation mvp and the practice largerscale scenarios. content contributors the content contributors mainly refer individuals organizations who can provide content people who have content related skills such video production and content translation. terms use, content contributors have more direct consumption scenario: using mvp publish tasks the community and provide more mvps rewards demands, such translation, subtitle matching, etc. addition, also possible purchase the better spot for content publishing from parties that provide users traffic which can get more attention. the same time, the merculet platform regularly rewards outstanding content contributors: for example, additional mvp awards for the top users the month/week encourage active and benign contributions from users within the community. advertisers certain kinds high-quality resources the growth ecology are accepted mvps, including in-feed ads, content promotion spot, exposure naming spot application market some important rankings creative activities. technology implementation merculet ... multi-tier architecture with multi-chain and multi- asset the establishment distributed business requires three basic prerequisites: internet users onboard internet enterprises onboard the maturity blockchain fundamental technology and products merculet committed providing global internet companies with standardized, large-scale, rapid adoption solutions (i.e., internet enterprises onboard). meanwhile, merculet also aims bring massive amount users and enterprises into the blockchain based internet value, without changing the behavior internet users (i.e., internet users onboard). unlike most blockchain projects, merculet provides solution that enables the entire value loop leap forward. from the first day, will face hundreds millions internet users and hundreds millions internet enterprises. the solutions provided merculet need able navigate the differences between internetlevel user products and blockchain-level professional products, well the contradiction between the existing public chains and several problems: the intermediate status the behavior the massive amount mobile users, highfrequency small-sum transactions, user experience with second response time and unpredictable miner's cost (gas fee). under this circumstance, merculet needs solve the following problems: user experience with second response time: the miner's packaging time unpredictable, and the feedback time for the asset transfer and behaviors like purchase the public chain depends entirely the performance, throughput, current status. it's difficult estimate. the transaction cannot completed real time, and the user experience will inferior internet product; blocking public chain: massive high-frequency internet-level access will form "offensive" access the public chain. once the public chain blocked, other customers the public chain will also affected. gas fees: there large number intermediate states exists among large number internet users and thousands kind small incentives (i.e., red pockets). each time transfer assets requires miners' fees, large amount internet activity will lose its original meaning. for example, the size the redpocket grabbed users the attention rewards obtained within certain period time not enough pay the miners' fees; the link between the public chain's original assets and internet services: open the circulation the token, that can effectively transfer the internet service ecosystem; privacy protection and data isolation enterprise-level applications: impossible for enterprises put all data the chain, and the data which the chain also needs appropriately isolated following the enterprise's demands; stability: release product requires stable fundamental technology support. merculet uses multi-chain asset mapping solve the above problems: native asset layer: merculet's mvp token, well some uat tokens that were selected for issue the public chain, were released based ethereum erc the user's native asset layer; internet assets layer: this layer designed build free-flowing value internet with gas fee, real-time feedback according relatively credible infrastructure. regarding specific technology implementation, the first stage the backbone technology use hyperledger fabric and other technical stack, build high concurrent "internet asset layer" based intelligence contract; the circulation assets the middle the state will completed the real transfer the relatively reliable bookkeeping node. will achieve the real zero gas fees and real-time user experience for asset transfer within this layer and mapping with the native asset layer appropriately. while the intermediate state accumulated certain extent, the asset native layer will on-chain after being triggered user's action. merculet's technology vision promote the actual releasing value through suitable architecture. this process, merculet also working with large number fundamental infrastructure development teams, including public chain teams, improve the public chain infrastructure that can meet enterprise-level requirements, and perform unperceived migration when the solution reach certain degree maturity. ... merculet protocol suites merculet consists series protocols and dapps (decentralized applications) running top. some the protocols are follows: atp: attention tokenization protocol atp digitize user behavior, rate user attention, and translate user attention into effective proof work (pow). arp: attention reward protocol rewards user accordance with the user's attention rate and supports multiple rewards. for parties with budgets, arp provides group protocols help parties encourage eco-user and rules and conditions; includes: standard access protocols, rules-making protocols, budget allocation protocols, settlement and reporting protocols. for parties with users and wants provide small incentive the user, arp also provide standard access protocols, distribution protocols, settlement and reporting protocols, and withdrawing guidance. ucp: universal content protocol contains group sub-protocols support the entire content distribution process, including content import protocol, content export protocol, content consumption protocol, evaluation content dissemination protocol and billing protocol. *see for details uip: universal protocol unites all services allocate users, content, businesses and other id, and use the the relevant business cycle for unification. matter how the back-end implementation and business change, merculet will create uid for any application entity (content creator, skill owner, traffic owner, etc.). different business entities are associated with different attribute fields, such reputation attribute skill attribute. these uids, well the attributes associated with the uid, become important assets the chain. merculet uav evaluation system uav evaluation entrepreneurs can access the uav system through set open protocols, digitize the user behavior within the app, and measure the user's effective workload with uav values. the uav system seamlessly compatible with the traditional rewardpoint systems. could scientifically evaluate the value user's attention. the distributed ledger design brought blockchain technology solves the trust and contract issues between users and entrepreneurs. uses more secure, transparent, efficient, and unchangeable uav value ensure user rights and mutual-trust internal circulation. formula: (&', !"# (&', !"# the uavs the user gains over period time. the uavs converted the incomes certain proportion which traffic owner gains from the liquidation content. the average reading time all content the traffic owner period. the user reading market all content period. te: parameter user's valid content length, normally multiple the average reading length. the total exposure traffic owner period. the total exposure traffic owner period current user. co: the total number comments for traffic owner period. co: the total number comments for traffic owner period current user. the total number likes content for traffic owner period. the total number likes content for traffic owner period current user. the total number reposting the content traffic owner period. the total number reposting the content traffic owner period current user. a,b,g,x,y: share proportion the token from reading length, click, exposure, the sum the three parameters the issue uat merculet helps entrepreneurs issue their tokens quickly and easily. these types tokens are collectively referred user attention tokens (uats). the emergence uat allows entrepreneurs formulate their own operations and redeem rules more flexible, providing users with more valuable rights exchange. the same time, mvp the cornerstone token achieves synergy and value exchange among different entrepreneurs. promotes the effective circulation value and maximizes the value users' rights. also, uat helps entrepreneurs make the preparation the public chain from the very first day: based the blockchain era, the brand-new growth methodology, operation concept, technology practice, value demonstration, community operation, and circulation ecology. application market merculet uat alliance members alliance will share the same application market, which each member allowed set bonus pool according the laws and regulations the country. will covered each app, merculet, other third parties. goals application market merculet uat alliance: build era token, incentive directly linked the uat/mvp owner; the rights and interests alliance users are symbiotic, incentive conversion smooth, and the value scene seamlessly switches; decentralized autonomous operations: eliminate the complexity point-topoint cooperation settlement before; golden triangle user incentive unlike other projects, merculet has helped entrepreneurs perform golden triangle user incentive from the very first day: locating the value anchors for common incentives from the business scenario, thereby achieving healthy growth rather than merely relying the performance exchange. merculet open content platform order solve the problem getting attention and enhance the value attention, merculet builds blockchain-based open content platform. among all the growth solutions, promoting the production and circulation quality content core task. regarding content, various countries have already launched variety content platforms and presented centralized trend. entrepreneurs face many difficulties. for start-ups, the discovery premium content and user incentives the community requires lot work and time; while relatively mature enterprises also face other kinds difficulties. one-to-one communication for content source cooperation and tedious processes for copyright acknowledgment, plus the language and cultural differences faced content internationalization, etc. merculet hopes help entrepreneurs solve the difficulties content circulation, promote the transfer attention value and the positive circulation global content ecology. the open content platform will oriented towards the global and entire industry chain, based consensus and driven tokens. provides decentralized solution with community autonomy and consensus solve the content circulation problem. the open content platform will able realize automation operations, and will open all parties the content industry: existing public chains, existing chain applications, content creators, content demanders, and content copyright trading platforms etc. assists them achieve quick docking and benign operation. merculet defines the standard model content, content infrastructure services, access control and apis, etc., help each node the content ecological quickly found and with very little cost complete the upstream and downstream docking, while also achieving automated operations and closed loop commercial value. the same time, the incentive and evaluation between services are formed the token and consensus (pos reputation) which could minimize the cost operation. future architecture content module metadata layer: merculet will define set extensible metadata model standards include content and related stakeholders help each content and various stakeholders settle in. public ledger level: multi-layered approach record the results that need confirmed, including reputation, attention evaluation, and community voting results. open platform: merculet will develop protocol group (see ..). any organization can access content-related services according the protocol group, including but not limited recommendation systems, labeling systems, copyright rights acknowledgment, audience profiles and data analysis. reputation mechanisms are used assess the quality services provided various service providers. application layer: it's the end-user-oriented dapp which accessed according the protocol group defined merculet from the service provider who provides the protocol from the open platform layer. universal content merculet could integrate with the third-party content service, either centralized decentralized. these services include but are not limited to. third-party content sources; third-party copyright confirmation service; third-party tagging service; each third-party content service has its own content id. identify the content from different sources and services, merculet provides universal content (short uid). uid part merculet unique identity access protocol and used uniquely identify content identities different chains centralized content platforms. the same time, merculet's service will map the uid with content from third-party services. for the universal content protocol, the dapp always uses the uid locate content. when the third-party service needs called, the service responsible for finding the content the third-party service corresponding the uid, input argument third-party service. universal content protocols there're lot vertically-oriented, chain-based applications the content industry. it's inevitable for developers develop dapps based multiple chains. important part the attention value network, the universal content protocols will cooperate with various existing on-chain applications serve various business scenarios dapp and promote the circulation content. merculet provides the universal content protocols, abstracting the invoking smart contract, other third-party services and cross chain's services. these protocols are developer friendly and can lower the development cost. the extensibility and compatibility will guaranteed updating the protocols continuously. reputation system the consensus mechanism most chains based effective workload agent, while various problems exist. commercial system, merculet intends introduce reputation system into chain for better consensus judgment, maintenance good community development. the reputation system important system feature for the user besides token value, because the token can used for redemption and circulation, and can obtained through other means, and when consensus judgment, every vote will determined the token user. normally the token only part the user property, which not ideal solution pledge with token for voting, and easy manipulated the consortium, the other hand, user's reputation long-term process accumulation which cannot manipulated. will help recognize the robot/man-made operation and other common mobile internet deception means. the feature each role the chain and related behavior will included the evaluation reputation system which will comprehensively assess user community from five dimensions, and the reputation will display similar experience value, but with limit, according the different segmented value, the higher reputation is, the slower grows. dimensions reputation: identity: date registered the community, the completion the relevant information, super who invite into the community, the number followers etc. performance: records performance the community, consider the community development, the negative performance has recovered more positive performance, which simply said rise slow, fall fast; activation: consider the behavior the user community, such the share, comment, likes, etc. every single user, the posts content creators etc. wealth: comprehensively consider the credit points, points types, maximum historical points, the velocity credit circulation each user community, etc. contribution: any positive effect the community's prosperity and development, such sharing new users and the quantity content translations; calculation formula reputation: arctan ((a+ e)/ gamma) the final reputation value limitation reputation value, temporary score identity score performance score activation score wealth score contribution compression factor, that the final score conforms the growth law arctan function. consensus mechanism application layer: r+pos the basic content service provide, rely heavily the consensus mechanism complete the closed loop the whole process. example for content globalization translation (creator can any user the community) the consensus mechanism integrated upgrade version based pos reputation, the final result the vote will calculated the quantity the token and the reputation value voters. typical scenarios for consensus mechanism: translation for content globalization, the result determined community consensus; judgement the community copyright content dispute; judgement the community the authenticity content (science education/recordable content); the process raising consensus: raising question (auto/manual) publicity/invitation (some the questions will limited according reputation grade) vote owned token quantity system judge the result automatically intelligent agreement together with the reputation the user and actual token quantities formula: nib final score votes received xi: the weight the ith voter, please refer the table below reputation value vote weight reputation value vote weight how solve the non-yes-or-no problem lot non-binomial questions exist the community, such the vote for the translation other languages results one version, which does not mean the other results are useless. based the final result, top ranking results will picked (n), the token used vote will returned contributors and reward will issued according reputation. token issue mechanism and circulation verification take the international translation example: when the community vote confirm the only result "a", the system will bill the smart contracts all votes "a" but issuing incentive the user later. "a" enters the content module and distributed. during the distribution process, user behavior such the exposure, click, comment, repost and stay time generated the global users... are used determine whether there cheating involved (such translator votes with other accounts obtain incentive). cheating exists, then all voters and translators get punishment rights and reputation (if the severity certain point, the user will shown community shame wall) user account valid, the system will distribute incentive the user after the token lock-up period. the lock-up period flexible, which can long months within the launching the content community. when the content community flourish and grow, the lock-up period will shortened. governance content community the content community vertical field. board will established each community comprehensively plan and optimize the topic selection/production/ internationalization/review/ edit/distribution/commercialization/classification etc. the early stage, the community will divided into communities (entertainment, fashion, photography, cars, women, maternal and child, finance, health keeping, food, sports). initial community leader will appointed the beginning. then when term over, new leader will elected. separate reputation assessment for each community will conducted assess community quality. community court (arbitration and dispute settlement) although the existence reputation system has made the consensus scientific and convenient, based the past years' experience, the copyright issue typical nonbinomial question. because off-chain checking such similar copyright recognition, identification, evidence record needed, there inevitable lagbehind; meanwhile, voting token likely manipulated, resulting the wrongful confirmation the results. better solve the above two problems, the introduction community courts and public bulletin board still necessary. make full use the characteristics blockchain: once written, one can remove modify; vote with real based community reputation, similar autonym: transparent demonstration the effective behavior the chain rendered the common cheating methods the mobile internet useless, and screened and filtered the effectively. foundation established singapore magic foundation ltd. nonprofit legal entity. committed advocate and promote the transparent development and management merculet, build safe and harmonious open community. from day merculet will reserve special fund incentive for developers motivate the excellent global developers timely contributions the technology improvement. also makes the development and operation mechanism merculet gradually achieve decentralization and "de-merculet-lization". some clients partnership merculet has very solid business base global scale with million independent daily active users. *more partners will disclosed our official site. strategic partner: elex elex has become benchmark internationalization chinese internet companies. headquartered beijing, with branches offices, r&d and customer service center st. paul, nanjing and hefei. the past few years, elex has co-operated with the top internet companies from china, having created many breakthroughs and classic cases, including baidu, tencent, alibaba, etc., and top game companies (including ddtank, perfect world, giant network, taomee network, etc.). today, more than million active users worldwide use elex services, covering over countries north america, asia, europe and south america. several its websites are among the top the world and continue rank top among all chinese internet companies overseas markets. strategic partner: solo ads the connector china's pan-internet industry, solo ads has been dedicated providing the ultimate mobile experience for users worldwide; can intelligently recommend ads based the scene, bring the most suitable products and services the global users; meanwhile, promotes china's leading products, services, technologies and business models globally. solo ads has large amount high-quality traffic, including the solo system, supplemented data-driven recommendation technology. ensures the effectiveness advertisers' digital marketing. the same time, supports tailormade services which aim optimize advertising resources and achieves the most benefits. exclusive strategic partner: magicwindow over year assessment and testing, the merculet team has already built exclusive strategic partnership blockchain with magicwindow. chinese technology company with rich international background, well more profound technology accumulation and user implementation. introduction magicwindow magicwindow over -year old technology company which has had rounds financing. most the team members are with technical background, core team members used lead hp, sap, ebay, philips, emc and other large enterprise. they also have experience leading big data platform with the daily billions scale realtime request such ali/jingdong internet companies; some the core members used write high concurrency core code and design the overall architecture for futures exchange, well some are business experts from content areas the field marketing (netease, the beijing news, the southern metropolis daily, ying etc.). magicwindow's team professional and outstanding with experience multiple business areas, which the core developers boast more than years development experience. the main business magicwindow includes providing content service, sdk data analysis well the intelligent content distribution, has large customer base, with many years rich service experience to-b enterprise user service and user demand. related data magicwindow magicwindow with clients across china, well cooperating with several international apps with more than million daily live users more than million total users. its daily content release able cover million independent users, billion billion pageviews. sdk business covers million unique users (covering more than million devices). magic window has several clients deep cooperation and the daily live users are more than millions million, and some the apps have been regarded angel users for solutions building merculet token initial business closed-loop. roadmap better user attention based growth methodology; design attention value network (avn) system and verification poc; mvp token onboard; avn system release, supports atp, arp, uat, contracts, and algorithms; the uav system release, supports evaluation and tokenization user's attention; the uat system release, supports the cooperation parties issuing their own uats and distributing them conjunction with uavs; the application market release, user incentive activities onboard; content open platform product design; least one the partners onboard (elex), and finish access, transform and testing for less than partners; avn system release; attention purse release, support users view the uav obtained from each app and the corresponding uat and mvp awards; the uat application market version release, enriching activity types and supporting joint activities among enterprises; open content platform release, limited content creators are invited settled-in; attention purse release, support virtual goods exchange based uat and mvp; open content platform release, support the connection with other content public chains traditional content providers; support the exchange between uats; avn onboard, supports connection and value circulation between attention supply side and various types attention demand side, including contents, content platform, content copyright, integration chain, candy chain, gift chain, advertiser, various foundation chains such id, etc.. plan half content localization internationalization; localization product features; enrich mvp's commercial applications and distribution scenarios (including offline); modules open content platform onboard: consensus mechanism application layer(r+pos) onboard; reputation system onboard; community courts onboard; micro-tasking system onboard; fundamental infrastructure technology upgrade; plan half fundamental infrastructure technology upgrade; native token early support: uat one-step token issuing and token exchange the ecosystem; smart contract early support:the development and deployment for enterprises based smart contracts; "de-merculet-lization" all aspects the ecosystem and advancement health development for the community without merculet participation; team ivan jiang known "china's reid hoffman" professor gong yan, head china europe international business school (ceibs) startup central china venture camp; core leader hewlett-packard china, silicon valley data management platform and next-generation data center; chief engineer sap, first china representative sap cloud acceleration; admaster vice president r&d, r&d center; strategic advisor vivaki data solution; the initiator china app growth alliance; talked over entrepreneurs years; co-chair zhisland alliance; ceibs startup camp alumnus,th lenovo star alumnus; shen jun zhang with over years' experience industry, serving globally renowned technology companies such hp, sap, emc, etc., engaging large-scale enterprise data management and saas platforms; admaster r&d director, technical leader number product lines, led the development the first version the mobile monitoring sdk for the china mobile marketing alliance; cto magic window, led the development mobile enterprise-class deep link service (mlink) and content smart distribution platform (mcontent) ensure the stable operation distributed systems that are requested every day; focus governance distributed system, performance, distributed ledger, blockchain economy; jerry gao with over years' experience interface design, interaction design and internet and mobile product design; independent deliver e-commerce system and large scale data management system p&g, shanghai gm; leader admaster e-commerce product line; advisor big data product and leader ads transaction system for vivaki data solution; specialized agile development for prototype design and product development rich experience the advertising industry, marketing industry and ecommerce industry; hai bin md-phd, department applied mathematics, fudan university; responsible for magicwindow recommendation, classification algorithm research and development; more than years recommendation algorithm experience, responsible for optimization youku tudou video recommendation, achieved more than enhancement four consecutive quarters; nearly years development experience, skilled use php, java, js, .net, flashbuilder. developed graphical hadoop scheduling, graphical code generation tools; familiar with natural language segmentation, semantic classification, word vector. familiar with hadoop mapreduce, hive; know lucene search technology, deep learning cnn, lstm and other neural network technology. spark, hbase; kevin professional with over years' extensive experience large scale enterprise application; focus especially cloud computing, big data and microservices; the core development member and technical manager deliver global data hub with virtual team located worldwide; the solution architect design and manage the solution implementation the philips china data warehouse; leading the development global consumer data hub solution, magicwindow infrastructure platform and content distribution system (mcontent); focus the implementation hyperledger's companies' and blockchain ecology and technology; ting qiang more than ten years experience saas and internet development, full-stack development experience from front-end back-end, from mobile applications servers; lead architect and engineer the sap successfactors api, create the common data object (similar hibernate) sap; lead architect the refactoring ajmidefm, complete the micro-services architecture; the leader r&d team wanda networks, complete the major refactoring achieve the throughput goal tps and significant increase system stability; enthusiasts technology and dreamers dapp world; tony shen master computer software and theory; responsible for the architecture and development magicwindow's sdk, mainly including deep link (deferred deep link), mobile native advertising, news feed advertising, sdk security, trimming third-party framework and on. protect the magicwindow's sdk years online stable operation; more than years' experience mobile development, responsible for jd.com mobile team shanghai, full participation hotelvp app development, decarta map sdk development, participated the development gewara app; years server development experience, responsible for the jingdong travel back-end team; familiar with functional reactive programming, the author rxjava action. understand computer vision; focus distributed ledger, blockchain economy; jun finance master peking university (on job); senior media professional, with over years' experiences internet operation, used charge stoneledger blockchain(bihu) operation; former deputy chief editor netease (.com), former deputy chief editor beijing news, vice president xitek, senior journalist southern metropolis daily; specialized content operation, user operation and community operation, the key responsible person, jun leads the operation the online community that has hundreds million users; keyness cheng years experiences global business development and successfully brought china products apps overseas; started his career haier group product sales manager covering latam and middle east area; june joined cheetah mobile general manager for mexico office and achieved latin america business from millions revenue years; joined taboola first chinese local employee, signed partners year and made china the biggest revenue market apac region; stanly one the earliest founders social media index china, serving platform such p&g, unilever, coca-cola, loreal group, gm, nike and on; sizmek china core leader (formerly mediamind, the largest third party monitoring and data analysis company), and familiar with sea, japan and korean markets, especially luxury brands, such lvmh, carter, kering and richmond group; the founder blossom trading co., ltd. one the first cross-boarding company china, also has branches mainland china, hongkong and japan; assisted japan nikkei group's multiple business, jtb tourism business into the china; exclusive partnership with tokyo game show (the world's second largest game exhibition) greater china; assisted chinese companies understand the japanese market, including tourism, e-commerce, acg and other industries; advisors prof. shou cheng zhang founding chairman danhua capital, stanford university department physics, department electronic engineering and department applied physics lifetime professor, american academy sciences, chinese academy sciences, foreign academician, and professor the advanced institute tsinghua university; professor zhang shousheng got his bachelor degree from freie university berlin germany and got his doctoral degree state university new york stony brook (led professor yang zhenning, the winner nobel prize). during professor zhang was positioned senior researcher ibm almaden research center and the year was recruited professor the department physics stanford university. due his outstanding research semiconductor physics, was awarded one the youngest tenures stanford university. all these win the appreciation steve chu, the nobel prize winner and the former minister the united states department energy; due his innovative research spintronics, spin hall effect and topological insulator, professor zhang received the guggenheim fellowship humboldt prize europhysics prize outstanding scientist award qiushi fund and oliver buckley prize, the highest prize condensed matter physics. the year won dirac medal, the highest prize theoretical physics. the year professor zhang got yuri milner frontier award the same time with physicist stephen hawking. the same year, was selected chinese academy sciences foreign associate. was predicted the physicist who was most likely get nobel prize the future. the year won benjamin franklin medal. was selected chinese economic figures the year and brand person the year; professor zhang was the co-founder and the chairman duty huayuan association, the biggest chinese community for entrepreneurship silicon village; was the senior consultant legend holdings ltd, shanghai zhangjiang science park and harper. was also the chief scientist enn group. the meantime, professor zhang was positioned enterprise tutor both tsing hua university and stanford university. succeeded investing vmware whose highest market value billion and divx which was acquired sonic solutions with the prize million angel investor; shen pioneer blockchain and founder bitshares and fenbushi capital; veteran traditional financial industry with years' experience securities brokerage, hedge fund and investment bank; roger lim founding partner neo global capital; experienced angel and blockchain investor, advisor for bluzelle, qlink, coinfi, selfkey, thekey, tomocoin; co-founder webvisions, pan-asia cloud hosting company; bin sen tang founder elex; successfully promoted the game happy farm more than countries, reaching over million consumers the overseas market. now, happy farm still the most influential game with chinese origin; was awarded one the forty national business elites under global entrepreneur; outstanding youth delegate, received warm welcome the former secretary general jintao the anniversary delegate establishment; has been trying promote the international progress china's manufacturing industry with the help internet industry; yue feng qiu managing partner root capital; focuses early investment ai, big data and blockchain; mr. qiu has nearly years' experience high-tech industry. was vp, cmo cso pactera, nasdaq-listed company, and participated capital operation for ipo, the merger equals and privatization, well led multiple global acquisitions and promoted the digital transformation. previously, mr. qiu has worked and lucent technologies, focusing r&d enterprise application and communication products. before joining root capital, mr. qiu was angel investor, providing funds for some unique internet enterprises, including magic window, and helping them grow; mr. qiu holds master degree and bachelor science degree fudan university, majoring computer science, with in-depth research experience database and data science; iris yin founding partner super hash capital. she had made early and middle stage investment comprehensively blockchain-related industries. she has wellthought-out strategy blockchain investment. meanwhile she the advisor for the blockchain projects multiple internet companies; founding partner meta-concept capital, vision source capital. her successes range from incentive investment primary market active trading and quantitative trading the secondary market; ms. yin focuses the early and middle stage investment whole range arrangement blockchain industry and has clear insight the application blockchain industries. she also strategy consultant several internet companies and blockchain programs; serial entrepreneurship experience high-tech industry: blockchain supply chain finance, mobile internet; previously, ms. yin was senior executive fortune company, charge the integrity project greater china after p&g's acquisition wella. she was the director brand project departments gillette and duracell p&g china; ms. yin holds honorary degree the entrepreneurship intensive course and bachelor engineering degree, majoring electrical engineering and automation. few her projects have received support from the special fund microsoft research asia, and she firm technology believer;