contents project introduction..................................................................................................... market background..................................................................................................... market sore spot.......................................................................................................... highly centralized exhibition industry..................................................................... lack development plan digital-currency-lead global exhibitions............. lack synergy between blockchain and internet things.................................. messe introduction................................................................................................. vision messe...................................................................................................... messe platform....................................................................................................... messe and internet things................................................................................. messe platform........................................................................................................ participants distributed exhibition environment............................................. messe application scenario................................................................................ .advantages................................................................................................................... platform advantages................................................................................................ advantages distributed business model.......................................................... .development and planning graph............................................................................. messe token............................................................................................................. messe token distribution.................................................................................... the allocation fundraised token...................................................................... team management structure............................................................................... core team............................................................................................................... management mode................................................................................................. risk warnings and disclaimer............................................................................... risk disclosure and recognition......................................................................... disclaimer............................................................................................................ disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. preface throughout the history the exhibition industry, the establishment and change the participation system the exhibition industry accelerating. the current era, building trusted distributed global blockchain decentralized exhibition platform the future development trend the industry. the upgrading big data, intelligent service system and blockchain finance will better realize the new mode global online exhibition service the future. believe that with the rapid development the blockchain industry, encrypted digital currency based fairness, trustworthiness and security will surely become the mainstream global business development. based the background such global blockchain application, meese has created the world's leading decentralized platform for the exhibition blockchain. through the accumulation large number industry cases, and means constantly adjusting its posture, meese has provided the blockchain decentralized exhibition services more than regions countries around the world, dedicated building blockchain solutions within the industry's ecological environment. the vision messe apply blockchain technology constructing trusted distributed exhibition environment that can both self-circulate and expand outward disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. project introduction messe the world's leading decentralized platform for exhibition blockchain. through nine years accumulating large number industry application cases various industries, messe committed building blockchain solutions within the industry's ecological environment. the vision messe apply blockchain technology constructing trustworthy distributed exhibition environment that can both self-circulate and expand outward. messe project summary with the development information technology and the internet this day, the application various systems makes collaboration more convenient and efficient. due the existing trust issues, most such efficient collaborations take place within enterprise organization. when comes different components the upstream and downstream the exhibition industry, such collaborative docking involves data security, trade secrets, cooperative trust and other aspects. the other hand, the matching and supporting services will become obstacles, aspects cost and efficiency, the rapid development resulting from the same concerns. messe global decentralized eco-platform for exhibitions and dedicated the cryptocurrency sector, creating simple and powerful on-line services for convention industry practitioners. based blockchain technology, messe has established new, trustworthy, shared, decentralized exhibition and business collaboration model, which ensures the more convenient and smooth operation data security for all participants the exhibition industry. furthermore, messe provides the information flow more timely and accurate fashion, which enables the concurrent operation value transmission accompanying the implementation the activities the ecological environment. addition improving the capital utilization rate the entire exhibition industry supply chain, can also strengthen the environmentally sustainable development the industry, thereby achieving more business development and value enhancement. messe project connotation "messe" refers the industry exhibitions. messe hopes subvert the previous centralized exhibitions, from offline online, and use messe coins universal virtual currency for global exhibitions, conferences, events, etc., with view injecting new vitality disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. for growth exhibition industry into creating more convenient, effective and trustworthy global exhibition eco-chain. success messe since the launch the messe project, has successfully attracted wide attention from: reed exhibitions, nurnbergmesse, messe frankfurt, hannover messe, nippon dentsu, cologne, freeman, fengyuzhu, huakai creative, shanghai fine arts, shuimu tsinghua, demaggi international and other world-renowned convention organizers and exhibition service companies. agreements have been reached between messe blockchain and more than investment institutions like japan softbank group, tiger fund, kbcp, blackstone group, qianfang fund, preangel capital, ktb investment group, fbg fund, dfund fund, distributed capital, creation capital, linkvc connected capital, inb capital, millennium capital, block vc, and turning capital. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. market background blockchain technology contributes the transformation and rapid development the global exhibition industry fact, with the development and application blockchain, the convention and exhibition industry has gradually recognized the important role decentralization. inevitable trend realize intelligent and convenient transactions for the purpose promoting the integration online and offline exhibitions and decentralized platforms means big data analysis. the past few years, the proportion intelligent and digital transactions the trading chain the exhibition industry has increased from and expected rise global exhibition blockchain digital currency presents positive development trend blockchain technology creates more valuable commercial distribution network that supports the flow multiple digital assets, including cryptocurrencies. from the perspective development, the currency constantly changing its form. the virtualization and digitization currency, the nation showing growing affirmation. there increasingly positive trend the digitization money and finance. the core value the global exhibition blockchain digital currency, messe currency, realize non-temperable, safe and reliable transaction model, ensuring that each participant using the exhibition blockchain decentralized platform constitutes trusted multilateral relationship chain bring about efficient communication and return digital value. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. market sore spot highly centralized exhibition industry lack information transparency among parties this stage the exhibition industry, the information obtained various practitioners very limited. due the inequality information and the lack standardization mode, difficult for the participants the exhibition industry eco-chain make accurate judgments. secondly, teamwork among different participants entails more diverse information the exhibition industry. under the circumstances opaque information transmission, the interests all parties are unevenly distributed. difficult for the exhibition industry achieve transformation and upgrading. information asymmetry resulting fund mismatch the context highly centralized exhibition industry, generally believed that the information held different participants the eco-chain the exhibition industry incomplete and can easily lead asymmetric risks information. such multi-party information asymmetry will cause distrust both parties, resulting mismatching funds the exhibition industry and increasing transaction costs, resulting insufficient low capital utilization. fixed space between the upstream and downstream value the supply chain the traditional exhibition industry, the industry boundaries are relatively fixed, and the value space the exhibition industry relatively fixed condition well. such conditions, the relationship between the upstream and downstream the industry often opposite. because the total amount constant, the value can only transferred between the upstream and downstream the industry. the inevitable result not win-win solution and the distribution upstream and downstream wealth moving towards polarized direction. the different parts the exhibition industry the upstream and downstream would become competitors instead, hoping occupy larger share the industry's wealth. short-lived exhibitions leading high cost and huge waste the traditional offline exhibition mode, each stage subject tense timeline, and the exhibition has not been able achieve the desired effect. such fast-paced exhibition mode has caused huge amounts waste and has become critical factor hindering the green disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. sustainable development the industry. lack development plan digital-currency-lead global exhibitions far, there one organization the world that focuses the integration blockchain decentralization technology and exhibition industry, enabling management and investment through digital currency. with the rapid growth blockchain and digital cryptocurrency, believe that the market will embrace opportunities more than one trillion dollars the blockchain sector the exhibition industry. lack synergy between blockchain and internet things after solving the previous issues the traditional internet things, the new internet things has successfully obtained four major features: strong connectivity, wide coverage, low power consumption, and low cost. however, there are still three main problems the development the internet things: the fragmentation communication protocol standards, the high cost construction and maintenance, and the inability ensure security and privacy. these problems can solved theoretically through blockchain technology; but fact, the synergy between the two far from satisfaction. from the perspective blockchain application, although the blockchain can guarantee the real limitation and privacy data the blockchain network, necessary rely the internet things technology ensure the real and effective performance the data source input. the future, the two will work together and integrate with each other, which will have immeasurable economic bene. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. messe introduction the decoupling technology blockchain can break the existing information asymmetry situation the exhibition industry, establish new, trustworthy and shared exhibition coordination mode, with the aim realizing timely and accurate information flow support, and enhancing the value transmission the industry. through the application blockchain technology, the messe platform will create credible distributed exhibition eco-environment that can realize self-circulation and expand outwards with decentralized and symmetric information. can help realize the transformation value from transfer transition and promote the sustainable self-development global exhibition eco-environment. messe follows the development trend the future exhibition industry and subverts the traditional centralized state the exhibition. each platform participant can use messe coins gain access the whole ecological chain conferences, exhibitions and activities cities countries. vision messe the vision messe apply blockchain technology constructing trusted distributed exhibition environment that can both self-circulate and expand outward. messe platform disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. the messe platform blockchain decentralized platform open the participants the eco-chain the exhibition industry. the upstream and downstream terminals the supply chain provide diversified global exhibition services. based the decentralized service blockchain, messe will build new era featuring open, transparent, intelligent and diversified exhibitions, committed creating distributed exhibition ecosystem able self-improve and develop. messe and internet things messe has developed iot technology for targeted blockchain applications, including the following: development encryption chip label technology iot sensor identification and data security asymmetric key and algorithm messe upgraded the chip layer traditional iot devices, adding identity ids and asymmetric keys and algorithms. identity id: each iot device requires unique identity the network and this identity code can recognized other participants the network. encode the identity codes for variety different devices objects ensure they are unique and identifiable. asymmetric key and algorithm: asymmetric key algorithm the cornerstone the internet and important feature the blockchain. can realize device authentication and authorization the basis device identification. through the public-private key algorithm, can verify whether the device can access the network, whether the digital information source reliable, and whether smart contract operations can performed. order ensure the security and reliability the asymmetric key and algorithm, store the private key the asymmetric key the security zone the device and make sure cannot read. the asymmetric encryption algorithm runs the safe mode the processor, ensuring that the algorithm security during execution. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. technology structure messe disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. messe platform participants distributed exhibition environment the ecological environment envisioned messe, the platform mainly has the following types participants. enterprises individuals refers various enterprises individuals that provide products and services end users the messe platform; application services providers refers the terminal that provides various application development and services for enterprises and users based the messe blockchain. can provide users with various distributed exhibition applications and services direct fashion provide technical products and related services for various enterprises. supply chain terminal, helps organizations provide products and services end users; messe network node providers refers institutions and organizations directly involved the messe blockchain network who keep and maintain certain number nodes ensure the overall network security messe. the participants maintain specific functional nodes provide relevant exhibition eco-chain services; messe foundation responsible for the basic technical services such messe blockchain network construction, technology research and development, upgrade and maintenance; the same time, also responsible for business development the initial stage, providing and supporting more exhibition industry participants provide necessary blockchain services according the stage requirements ecological development, such private key management, etc. end users this refers those who enjoy all applications and services the messe blockchain decentralized exhibition platform. these participants built the messe distributed exhibition ecosystem, which can form disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. effective closed loop, and, the other hand, dock and assimilate the ecological outer- environment further self-growth. messe application scenario the entire distributed exhibition ecology compared whole life, the blockchain infrastructure the skeleton, and the application services the various parties that grow are muscles and organs. such beings must require the circulation blood. blood, this case, the token messe (messe coin), which carries the value transfer function various activities the entire exhibition block network machine. the messe coin will available for sale variety ways later. the value carrier the entire exhibition ecology, messe coins flow through the exhibition contracts that describe and implement synergies among parties, forming closed loop with special open interface. one hand, they accelerate the value flow the exhibition ecology. the other hand, medium, will openly communicate with the exhibition and ecology, and further expand the ecological scope. this cycle begins with each blockchain decentralized exhibition platform participants paying messe coins the platform meet their needs and services. the messe platform will allocate some messe coins the foundation for platform development and commercial application promotion, support for services the blockchain, etc.; addition the operation the platform, portion the collected messe coins will paid reward the network node supplier; disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. the application service provider further develops and processes the demand the platform according the needs the end users and other participants. they provide applications and services and collect portion messe coins revenue. end users can pay messe coins for products and services from participating parties the industry environment. course, such ecological environment must through different development stages and continue maintain open state. better integration with the traditional exhibition mode allows further transformation the traditional exhibition industry participants, thereby expanding the distributed exhibition ecosystem. amid this development process, there need for variety emerging technology service companies serve bridge communication and value conversion between and from the traditional exhibition mode the messe distributed exhibition ecology. messe will certainly its best develop various practical needs. the other hand, messe will encourage more excellent teams, increase understanding and concentration the exhibition industry and financial industry, and continuously explore the application and services messe platform. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. .advantages platform advantages precisely because recognize the potentially diversified opportunities the decentralization the exhibition blockchain that have been able combine the advanced financial technology with technologies artificial intelligence, blockchain, big data, develop the messe platform. scattered expert community messe, the proven supply chain forecasting model and application the exhibition industry are provided its own team. furthermore, reviewed inventions can published and traded their researchers well. will offer corresponding rewards the inventors. the same time, messe encourages industry participants the community conduct valuable evaluation and sharing participating terminals the upstream and downstream the exhibition industry. advanced financial technology open platform messe will develop comprehensive blockchain decentralized distributed exhibition platform that will include relevant standards and incentives terms information exchanges upstream and downstream terminals. based blockchain technology messe decentralized exhibition supply chain application scenario. users can use their expertise various terminal nodes the exhibition area participate the ecological chain construction and apply the community. their innovations will shared and maintained across the blockchain, enabling them benefit from the decentralized messe supply chain. the blockchain will ensure the privacy and information security the participants and investors, realize the open information flow the supply chain the exhibition industry. decentralization will eliminate the boundary effects each terminal and maintain fairness and justice. based ethereum development the messe source code base derived from ethereum, but during the process development and application, number modifications and improvements have been made facilitate commercial applications, including dynamic block generation protocol (dbgp) and dynamic block security protocol (dmbsp) and data group embedding protocol (dgip) and on. moreover, messe provides abstraction service for smart contracts, and atomized, standardized, and modular smart contract libraries (vscl). the blockchain common data interface protocol has been improved for commercial applications. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. advantages distributed business model relatively transparent information minimize trust friction between different participants different participants contribute strong points and self-worth the exhibition ecological environment, thus obtaining relatively fair compensation. realize the high-speed circulation value and continue expand the messe business closed loop the future. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. development and planning graph messe has undergone three major upgrades from the design prototypes july the launch messe plan june the preliminary formation exhibition eco-chain platform presents solution the upstream and downstream the industry. the team ran tpoc. ethereum tpoc passed. messe platform beta version lunched and the plan officially started. messe beta version was launched. the first generation messe and the first business application case were launched. this version achieved basic intelligent contract template and block chain browser, standardized block chain api. messem official version was launched. this version provided functional intelligent contract and service architecture was adjusted. more intelligent contracts, various application modules went online. the fulfillment online trading exhibition originality disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. messe plan was initiated. solutions upstream and downstream supply chain including exhibition, activities and meetings. multiple industries cases, like concerts are offered. messe pass issued, raising eth more than $,, intensive r&d and market operations future development plan messe. black, pbcp, dccp, chaos going online. the third generation smart chips and messe cloud platform going online. messe going online. users messe can program trading some bourse. the first cloud platform blockchain exhibition industry being realized. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. messe token messe token messe coin; initial contract messe going issue ,,, messe coins, total billion. instruction: every coin the value that think, the future, messe platform and developers generate. eth=,messe messe token distribution proportion distribution plan messe crowd-funding messe team messe participants continuing operations and technological development commercial promotion r&d detail the income messe crowdfunding will contribute the operation the foundation, including development, marketing, finance and legal advice, etc. the messe team made human, resource, material and technical contributions during the development the messe block chain platform, therefore issuing messe coins return. participants refer participants the distributed exhibition ecosystem built messe; these participants will focus the use messe coins their participating business activities the future. maintaining continuing operations and development done messe team strategic deployment, project support and token replacement the exhibition industry order used for industrial applications messe technology truly achieve commercial implementation. blockchain technology used technical teams develop messe (main chain technology, payment and liquidation messe application scenarios, blockchain application distributed supply chain management, etc.) and academic research related messe disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. .the allocation fundraised token the allocation fundraised token legislation operation marketing expenses and developer support r&d disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. team management structure the core team messe was formed late members which are industry experts from different countries with many years working experience blockchain, cryptography, exhibition and digital currency industries. the combination the messe team emphasizes balance, business, technology, operation, and supports multi-directional unity, and the team works together further develop the distributed exhibition eco platform messe. core team zhenhua earned emba from shanghai jiaotong university school advanced finance, more than years experience project development and management financial services industry, specializing resource integration various financial institutions and listed companies. has solid knowledge operation mode different market,and has unique insights medium and long term development plan enterprises. started messe project dedicating the promotion blockchain technologies vanguard the application blockchain exhibition industries. lucky was investor qiqile portal website mobile phone game. earnde his phd from asu with master's degrees many top business schools. investor many network companies. focusing exhibition market for years, has pragmatic solutions for the brand building and operation media projects with rich experience building, maintaining, developing and propagating brands, committed guidance blockchain operation for messe. micheal earned emba from shanghai university finance and economics and shanghai jiaotong university. was former vice president chinese branch american company, boasting years management experience enterprise running and solid knowledge operation mode different market, having unique insights medium and long term development plan enterprises. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. daria graduated from shanghai university international business and economics who has rich channel sale project management and customer negotiation daria specialist marketing strategy blockchain with rich working experience the industry blockchain and internet, charge the building channel exhibition industry messe, providing business situations and partners for messe. saya master finance from shanghai university international business and economics with good entrepreneurial spirit and responsibility. responsible for the company's online and offline marketing campaign planning, organizational execution and performance evaluation, well daily operational guidance and other work the operations department. ewa was graduated from ucl and majored financial engineering. she has more than years experience the management credit exposure and asset investment. she used work for city bank and bank communications international trust co.. she responsible for digital asset analysis, management and risk control messe. richard used senior executive tcl with years experience embedded system development and management.. joined messe take charge the development and research technology. gives suggestions the r&d the infrastructure blockchain. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. management mode the corporate governance structure derived from the corporate system using constrain corporate strategy, risk management, operational principles, human resources, and legal compliance. although the block chain technology based decentralization and establishes efficient and synergistic community platform, the experience the corporate governance structure still worthy frugality improve the synergy efficiency the messe block chain community and also regulate the community's operational activities; messe has always wanted structure "non-traditional" community. addition individual participants, there are other non-scale exhibition participants, and reasonable corporate governance structure can resonate with corporate participation. course, all these above cannot applied mechanically, need find dynamic balance between community culture and traditional culture exhibition management. messe hopes continuously optimize and adjust the block chain industry experience and the traditional industry development model the exhibition the past few years. establishment the messe foundation the messe foundation non-profit legal entity that was approved established and was located the virgin islands. the messe foundation will serve advocacy entity for the messe block chain and dedicate the development and construction messe transparency and advocacy and promote the safe and harmonious development open-source eco-communities. principles messe foundation's operation the designed objectives the messe foundation's operational structure are mainly consider the sustainability the messe block chain opening platform, the effectiveness strategy formulation, effectiveness management, risk management and efficient operation the platform. the messe foundation develops the following principles terms structural operations: relative decentralized governance and organizational integration distributed architecture the block chain has always advocated the autonomous community system that centered "decentralization" "distribution", but messe believes that the complete decentralization may bring absolute fairness but may also cause losing value. therefore, messe foundation people will implement the core idea relative decentralized governance the management structure, including the highest decision-making power the strategy decision committee improve the efficiency the operation entire community. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. functional committee coexists with smart unit during the daily affairs, the messe foundation will have resident functional units, such the department marketing and development, finance and human resources departments, order facilitate the handling affairs. the same time, messe will set special functional committee make decisions important functional affairs the foundation. unlike the functional units, the functional committees exist virtual architecture, and the committee are globalized formed and not need work full-time office. necessary meet the qualification requirements the experts each committee and promise able attend and state opinions when the committee needs conduct the proceedings. the functional committee also sets regular meeting system ensure the effective advancement major decisions. risk-oriented governance principles risk management will the most important element the process determining the strategic development and decision-making the messe block chain and foundation. computer technology with great revolutionary significance, the development block chain still its infancy, especially important grasp its development trend. the risk management principle ensures that when the foundation makes important decisions, fully considers the risk factors, risk issues, and the possibility and impact its occurrence, and also formulates strategies corresponding response through decision-making. result, the development and iteration the messe block chain and the development the messe foundation are correct and stable path. transparency and supervision referring the traditional concept governance, the messe foundation initially conceives special supervisory channel, and welcomes community members and all other parties join management, join supervision operations, and able report "discovered matters" quickly and confidentially. messe will provide window message collection and privacy protection for the reporter. the same time, messe will take the form regular reports and irregular press releases, timely release the operation status the foundation and the progress messe development, and openly accept the supervision the participants. organizational structure messe foundation messe learns from the experience the corporate governance structure design strategic decision-making committees, the secretary, the technical review committee, the remuneration and nominating committee, the public relations committee, and the disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. supervisory management committee. the organizational structure the messe foundation includes (as shown below): legal compliance affairs and other matters the messe foundation will hire well-known domestic law firm legal adviser for the messe project and provides comprehensive legal services for messe projects digital asset transaction structure, operational compliance, legal risk control system design, and overseas legal information. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. risk warnings and disclaimer risk disclosure and recognition systemic risk systemic risk refers the possible change income due the common factors the global domain, which affects the returns all securities the same way. for example, policy risk ---- the current regulation policy for block chain projects and ipo financing still unclear, there certain possibility causing participants' loss due policy reasons; the market risk, the overall value the digital asset market overvalued, the investment risk will increase, and participants may expect the growth ipo projects very high, but these high expectations may not realized. the same time, systemic risks also include series irresistible factors, including but not limited natural disasters, large-scale failure networks global scale, and political turmoil etc. inter-team risk the current block chain technology field has many teams and projects, and the competition fierce. there strong pressure among market competition and project operation. whether the messe project can break through many excellent projects widely recognized, and not only related its own team capabilities, planning vision, but also many competitors and even oligarchs the market, and there the possibility vicious competition. project coordination, marketing risk the messe founding team will spare effort achieve the proposed development goals and extend the project's room for growth. present, messe has relatively mature business model analysis. however, the overall development trend the industry has unforeseen factors. the existed business models and overall coordination ideas may not perfectly match the market demand, which leads unpredictable earnings. the same time, this white paper may adjusted long the details the project are updated. the details the updated project are not obtained the participants time, the public not aware the latest developments the project, the participants the public will not have enough cognition project because the information not match, which affects the further development the project. other currently unknown risks with the continuous development block chain technology and the exhibition finance disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. industry, messe may face some unforeseen risks. participants are required fully understand the team's background and understand the overall framework and ideas the project, rationally adjust their vision, and participate rationally before they makes decisions about they will participate not. disclaimer messe non-profit system. the future, internal reward mechanism and operation and maintenance mechanism will use virtual digital assets (i.e., virtual goods) rather than real reward mechanisms. according this, the assets acquired messe are only similar virtual digital assets, such bitcoin and ethereum. the messe coin digital currency which messe one the usage scenarios. virtualized reward mechanism for system operation, not monetary return. therefore, mess coin not investment. holding messe coins does not represent ownership messe messe applications, and messe does not grant any individual any right participate, control, make decisions regarding messe and messe applications. the holder the messe coins can participate the scenarios the messe platform but cannot directly cash out the messe coins. the value goal creation messe coin create the application value the messe application platform and usage scenarios and the scarcity experience virtual goods for participants and holders, rather than monetary value transaction value. cannot guarantee that the value messe coins will increase, and may also have decline psychological cognitive value under certain circumstances. the goals listed this white paper may change due unpredictable circumstances. while the team will their best achieve all the objectives this white paper, all individuals and groups that purchase messe coins will have take their own risk. this project introduction for informational purposes only and cannot used any investment advice, investment intention instructed investment. this introduction does not constitute construed any purchase sale, any invitation buy sell, any form securities, nor contract any kind. members the messe community, please sure read the introduction messe carefully, fully understand the technical characteristics messe and the risk-return characteristics, and fully consider their risk tolerance, rational judgment, and prudent decision-making. once you participate the project, you will understand and accept the risk the project and are willing bear all the corresponding results consequences for this. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses. thank you! messe team ps: due the cognitive differences between regions, languages and time zones, the final interpretation the relevant content description belongs the messe team. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not forward this document non-specific group. those who fail abide shall bear the consequences hereby incurred. provided any damages and losses are incurred including but not limited reputation and economy, messe has the right pursue relevant legal liabilities and claim compensation for all relevant economic losses.