payments-based cryptocurrency and incentivization network marshall hayner marshall@metalpay.co www.metalpay.com abstract metal blockchain-based system utilizing proof-of-processed-payments identify users, rewarding them for converting legacy fiat currency into cryptocurrency. system similar bitcoin but with user-friendly interface and front-end that similar venmo, square paypal. metal can act bridge bitcoin any cryptocurrency available. many small businesses across the world prefer only accept cash. however, increasingly cashless society, refusing accept digital and card payments can problematic. put simply, metal believes cash only businesses can benefit adopting cryptocurrency new new form cash, cryptocurrencies possess many the same properties particularly around privacy, censorship resistance and fungibility. order bring digital payments into world that utilizes blockchain-based technology over some traditional banking rails, metal expects save consumers all purchases. introduction eight years after the release bitcoin, cryptocurrency has still yet mainstream and achieve widespread adoption. the reasons for this can attributed these major problems: user experience and difficult learning curve lack incentive for the layperson get involved volatility price many view bitcoin with suspicion due sensational reporting from media questions around privacy lack settlement finality legal uncertainty the case forks and hacks. bitcoin has shown currency can exist outside the current financial system. technologically resistant counterfeiting via blockchain technology. however, this itself not inherently strong enough spark technological payments revolution. rather, bitcoin exciting and motivating entrepreneurs build better mousetrap. one challenge that bitcoin extremely volatile and scares away many would-be users due the fact accepted almost nowhere, including brick and mortar businesses and online. financial institutions, for the most part, avoid bitcoin. they are creating private blockchains identify sources funds well users these systems. using centralized form know-your-customer (kyc) identification and payments platform, metal proposes fairly distribute cryptocurrency via proof-of-processed-payments (popp) top the ethereum blockchain. satoshi's original vision for bitcoin was distribute miner rewards fairly through proof-of-work (pow). however, have seen mining become highly centralized china. with centralized group miners, distribution the cryptocurrency becomes highly skewed and becomes near impossible for the layperson earn, instead forcing them purchase through exchange. without incentive purchase, cryptocurrency may never reach mass adoption. metal proposes system utilizing provable payments attached verified identities distribute currency. anyone can participate earn mtl reward for converting fiat cryptocurrency. the goal provide all the financial services small medium sized businesses (smb) might need, but can't access currently. transactions metal will offer services through software make transactions accessible for regular users. this strategy will prove valuable peer-to-peer payments are incentivized leave traditional rails, opting for open network cryptocurrency payments. these transactions will settle faster and provide real world value beyond traditional cash-based payments. the size transactional volume from the traditional incumbents staggering. for general purpose payment cards with global brands such american express, diners club/discover, jcb, mastercard, unionpay, and visa collectively generated purchase volume trillion they are projected generate trillion these card-present and cardnot-present payments for goods and services are generated credit, debit, and prepaid cards. cards issued the united states held share global brand purchase volume that share will fall even card spending reaches trillion, from trillion []. the dollar volumes are massive well. for general purpose payment cards with global brands such visa, mastercard, american express, discover, jcb, diners club, and unionpay had collectively generated billion purchase transactions they are projected generate billion purchase transactions these card-present and card-not-present payments for goods and services are generated credit, debit, and prepaid cards. cards issued the united states generated the global brand purchase transaction total the u.s. market share projected fall even the region expected see transactions grow billion annually reach billion []. with market capitalizations cryptocurrency the tens billions today, the industry scales and grows will capture some this market. reward vs. penalty the current state cryptocurrency penalty over reward. order enter cryptocurrency one must have fundamental understanding the software that runs on, the best security practices, ability get and out, avoid fluctuation and find the lowest possible fees. addition, even armed with these skills, many users are forced wait days for their payments clear before they have coins on-chain. the case metal, payments are approved declined immediately and displayed spendable off-chain credit until they settle chain. this makes the entire experience unusable for the layman. proof processed payments (popp) changes the experience from unpleasant penalty, simple reward. earn crypto when you spend money, earn crypto when you receive money. through popp and the metal platform are incentivizing usage and adoption cryptocurrency and building ecosystem for users and merchants. incentives metal does everything traditional payment apps can do. this includes peer-to-peer transfer and real-time invoicing. with cryptocurrency integration and popp, metal users will earn cryptocurrency for making normal payments. popp mechanism incentivize people leave fiat money for crypto currency. gives people opportunity part the financial system giving them financial history, which can enable them open bank accounts and access other services. merchants may purchase platform credit with mtl which will entitle them discount all associated payment processing fees and discount merchant services. the use the mtl token merchants and individuals will drive adoption and thus usage beyond platform-based services provided metallicus limited, the parent company metal. merchants may also receive additional off payment processing fees for offering discount when paying with mtl. many merchants will find advantageous offer the mtl discount save traditional credit and debit card processing fees. due the ability save merchants processing fees, consumers utilizing the platform will receive significant discounts when making purchases. owners metal will receive significant benefits the form discounts: discounts for metal merchants discounts for customers paying with mtl discounts for consumers the form heavy discounts pay features underlying technology implement provably fair distribution model, metal uses the public ethereum blockchain []. uses ethash its proof-of-work for security. attempt keep cryptocurrency distributed, the ethereum foundation chose asic-resistant scheme [], however this still does not make mining accessible the layman. proof-of-work merely slows down the inevitable: centralization and the inability participate with consumer hardware. metal aims blockchain agnostic and recognizes the need for multiple cryptocurrencies. cryptocurrency adoption take off must utilize multiple blockchains. for example, many users wish see the currency terms united states dollars euros. for this reason metal using financial instruments that will offer stability. metal recognized the need for interoperability and metal will use inter-blockchain exchanges transfer between multiple cryptocurrencies and cryptoassets. meanwhile, loyalty-based tokens that merchants can create will the ethereum network well mtl the token. bitcoin the underlying currency powering all transactions and purchases. however, this may change later time with sufficient volume switch mtl, ethereum something different entirely. proof-of-processed-payments proof-of-processed-payments (popp) acts provable way identifying users and distributing new currency into the system. the same time, rewards users who convert fiat currency into cryptocurrency. for this identity-based, volume-dependent distribution network, metal first identifies user through social security number passport with identification software. second, metal gets photograph file, either selfie picture identifying documents. third, metal can link credit debit card number preparation for processing payment. credit/debit card available, user can sign with only email address and invoice credit/debit/ach accounts into cryptocurrency. provided all data points check out and the registered name the identification matches the name the credit debit card, metal initiates payment using proprietary anti-money-laundering (aml) and anti-fraud technology. the payment typically declines accepts under one minute. the pending payment notification shows the transaction list for the receiver funds. when the payment completely settled and the bank transfer cryptocurrency issued, portion the gross amount the payment returned metal tokens. this the volume the transaction trading value for mtl either direction (sender/receiver). example, mtl sent. trading $/mtl. both sender and receiver would both get mtl. order for the receiver claim the additional mtl, they must through the kyc process and identified separate person receiving the payment. user wishes simply top-up their account with crypto balance, they are eligible for discount the purchase price the transaction mtl, the parent company metal, collects fees for processing payments. additional features plugins platform (like wordpress and drupal) plugins add metal functions websites and apps. loyalty loyalty issuance the form blockchain and closed loop tokens for merchants. split payments paying with friends always better. create event and start split payment, invoice the group and watch you approach the goal. escrow escrow-based multisignature wallet used for marketplace auction purposes. ecommerce platform shopify-style ecommerce with metal rewards the key market differentiator. loan product lending platform tied escrow offering. borrowers can rated based metal rewards. microtransactions sending very small amounts money, which current payment processors not support. branded payment card metal merchants will able cultivate loyalty with specific branded payment options. blockchain identity management proof-of-processed-payments (popp) system. discourages money laundering practices. hardware nfc payment terminal raspberry hardware terminals and nfc cards that make tap pay possible anywhere metal accepted. addition, nfc integrated wearables such fitbit bracelets and phone cases. these features will unlocked with mtl micropayments for consumers. once customer the app earning mtl these features are unlocked like game. this can done achieving certain milestones (eg. transactional volume) using popp simply paying for them. network total mtl tokens will created the genesis. the metal token will erc compliant which means that stakeholders addresses can linked name tag, fetched identity security provider []. initial amount mtl tokens will saved from the cap mtl, which mtl. this will deducted from the total amount available for distribution through popp (,,) and locked for months, leaving mtl for the token sale. portion the company reserve will set aside mtl will broken down mtl each for the initial two co-founders; whereas metal will distributed among each the first five employees and mtl will distributed each for nine advisors (,, total). mtl tokens will vest every month for twelve months until fully vested with co-founders, first employees and advisors. for any reason founder, employee advisor ceases with the company during their vesting period, all vesting will cease and returned the metallicus limited operational pool. this leaves additional mtl metal operational pool used the company's discretion. the operational pool may not drawn from metal for twelve months from the completion the token sale. the metal operational pool may used for such efforts but not limited to: attracting top talent the company, marketing purposes and performance-based bonuses for employees. equity investors metal are entitled the average token sale price mtl $., for their equity investment matched mtl tokens. this financing private equity takes exactly mtl from the initial token sale amount, reducing mtl available the start the token sale. the token sale will distributed over the course six months until all the coins are sold (,, mtl). any coins that are not sold during the three tiers the token sale will dissolved into proof burn address via ethereum contract solidity. metal will list what cryptocurrency will accepted the sale based coins meeting particular liquidity thresholds. the coins will sold the following order with additional bonuses for payment ethereum: price amount available early investor funding presale pre-sale tier pre-sale tier pre-sale tier tier n/a distribution within platform over time, mtl tokens will created through proof-of-processed-payments, bringing the eventual circulation mtl. the coin will redeemed metallicus limited for merchant services, including merchant processing fees well premium features the platform discount from trading value redemption. smart contract escrow the operational budget funds raised during the initial token sale will held -of- escrow between the chief executive officer, chief compliance officer. order move metal company funds signatures must obtained from two the three parties. metal will unlock tokens with majority approval from the board directors after minimum period months from the completion the token sale date. the presale tokens are distributed separately they will allocated the beginning the token sale the aforementioned multi-sig wallet distributed the metal team. the smart contracts for the sale are being audited smart contract solutions (also known zeppelin). the smart contract code will publicly released prior the sale for purposes transparency. metal operating budget metal projects $,, will provide over two years operating expenses with team ten people. furthermore, metal expects revenue positive its first year. additionally, metal has raised equity from venture firms alphabit fund, ventures, gateway, erik voorhees, andrew lee, among others. this funding was completed prior the token sale, which has allowed metal make crucial hires and expenditures. october beta launch. multi-signature, multi-cryptocurrency wallet. spring banking rollout. metal bank account with prepaid debit cards integrated. use metal anywhere credit cards are accepted. winter merchant adoption features. shopify-style integrations, plugins for online businesses, integrated nfc hardware tap-to-pay terminal, and much more. company structure metallicus inc delaware company with traditional structure with board directors, ceo, cto, and cco. metallicus limited hong kong based company created manage the currency (same governance metallicus inc.). network governance order join and participate the network, actors need known and have their identity established. metal will use proprietary anti-money-laundering (aml) and anti-fraud technology. this done onboard these otherwise high risk actors into the financial system and begin using cryptocurrency and blockchain payments platform for their business requirements. conclusion there huge need for digital payments system rival the incumbent payment processing regime place today. utilizing blockchain technology, metal can save merchants money electronic payment processing costs. merchants passing savings consumers, people will have more choices than ever make payments. building simplified system similar square, paypal venmo, metal takes advantage the opportunities bitcoin offers terms creating entirely new payment rail system that transparent, redundant and efficient. references nilson report january nilson report january soar payments "nutraceutical industry profile" https://www.soarpay.com/nutraceuticals-merchantaccounts/ robinson, melia, business insider "the legal weed market growing fast broadband internet the http://www.businessinsider.com/arcview-north-america-marijuana-industry-revenue--- burns, janet, forbes "how the 'niche' sex toy market grew into unstoppable industry" https://www.forbes.com/sites/janetwburns////adult-expo-founders-talk-b-sex-toy-industry-after-years-in-the-fray/#feebacbb morris, chris, cnbc "things are looking america's porn industry" http://www.nbcnews.com/business/business-news/things-are-looking-americas-porn-industry-n gaudiosi, john, fortune "how the u.s. killing esports" http://fortune.com////us-is-killing-it-in-esports/ intuit report "twenty trends that will shape the next decade" https://http-download.intuit.com/http.intuit/cmo/intuit/futureofsmallbusiness/intuit__report.pdf group "the emergence the gig economy" http://cdn.aigroup.com.au/reports//gig_economy_august_.pdf buterin, vitalk and wood, gavin next-generation smart contract and decentralized application platform" https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/white-paper buterin, vitalik "on mining" https://blog.ethereum.org////mining/ the ethereum wiki, "erc token standard" https://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/erc_token_standard