white paper metahash ag, gartenstrasse zug switzerland version: last edit: july th, table contents #metahash goals and objectives problems and solutions #metahash structure #tracechain main advantages what makes #tracechain stand out from existing projects? fast and safe operation how works #metaapps self-financing applications applications developed the #metahash team censorship #metaapps #metagate #metahashcoin (#mhc) financial model forging #metahashcoins emission year legal disclaimer voting functions the #metahash network roadmap advisors consultants the team glossary metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper #metahash #metahash the fastest and most secure cryptocurrency the world working the #tracechain protocol more than billion under seconds transactions per day the validation rate #metaapps #metagate replacing smart contract gateway decentralized internet decentralized applications running real time like any regular web services that are written any programming language including solidity, php, c++, etc. multi-asset wallet that won't overload your computer. decentralized app directory and browser. the #metahash network infinitely scalable the capacity its resources grows metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper goals and objectives #metahash decentralized network for digital asset exchange and platform for building decentralized applications that work real time the popularity cryptocurrencies caused thousands blockchain projects different scales and focus appear. however, the growth most these projects was limited the technical capabilities the existing blockchain operators networks. the low speed, closed nature blockchain networks, and their inability interact with each other, are the real problems slowing down the development this technology general. #metahash designed create single solution that allows blockchain systems the future unite into single decentralized network, capable recording each and every transaction. the self-regulating #metahash network, fact, creates basis for the emergence fully-fledged branch the decentralized internet. doesn't depend individual creators once launched and managed open voting users #metahashcoins holders. fully decentralized internet would bring freedom from the control large corporations. project management would the hands end users. the #metahash platform allows any project become fully decentralized. thousands projects require decentralization right now, but the speed and capabilities existing blockchain operators aren't sufficient meet those needs the key distinction decentralized projects running open source code the fact that they are built the way users need them. projects are created for users rather than for maximizing benefits limited group stakeholders, which harms both the market and the users. #metahash enables the creation of: decentralized applications that work real time like ordinary web services and applications and can respond events both any the blockchain networks and the regular internet; independent sub-chains protected the main #metahash network that also operate the basis the #tracechain protocol. these sub-chains are created thousands #metaapps can cost-effectively operate without overloading the main network and slow other applications. lots applications are waiting for solution build isolated, cost-effective and secure chains that would let them transfer the required data; digital assets the form tokens the #metahash network for sharing within the network and converting the tokens (digital assets) other networks. any asset another blockchain system (eth, erc, bitcoin) can converted #metahashcoins. #metahash supports the concept blockchain interoperability assuming that the future the internet lies the ability independent networks interact and integrate with each other. metahash.org hello@metahash.org open voting means that any voter can get access the results voting and see the ids participating wallets and their decisions. #metahashcoins (#mhc) the internal currency the #metahash network. open-source project allows any user access its code and use create their own version the application, improve the current version. white paper problems and solutions believe the future cryptocurrencies. but today far from perfect. #metahash represents all the blockchain-powered opportunities the future embodied single project what needs changed why important existing cryptocurrencies #metahash significantly increase the number transactions per day will allow cryptocurrencies come into the real world million transactions per day more than billion transactions per day ability send transaction free charge the ability use #metahashcoins for micro-transactions often even per transaction including the reward miners free for the user for most transactions. fees appear network load grows protect the network against spam transactions transition from pow (mining) multi-pos (forging) mining limits possible transaction speeds the network and requires expensive resources protect the network dependant hardware that costs billions dollars, wastes electricity and pays billions miners forging #metahashcoins with nodes and wallets provides the most important resources and eliminates pointless ones protect the network from "money attack" that could interfere with the network the growth cryptocurrency capitalization will inevitably lead growing number hackers trying block the network's operations less than the current capital all leading cryptocurrencies enough block their work additional verification step provided wallets will not allow hackers block corrupt the network, even they possess nodes coins increase the speed transaction approval increasing the speed the transaction affects the ability implement the technology everyday operations minimum seconds for first approval and minimum minutes for final approval second for first approval and under seconds for final approval for most transactions implement the built-in mechanism "tokenization" any assets the ability exchange digital assets used blockchain networks makes the technology available people who not have special programming skills. this contributes quicker introduction the technology the social sphere currently, the best solution only allows the creation tokens you have advanced programming skills, and can result loss money. the smart contract technology not transparent people who not know programming any asset, even other networks' cryptocurrencies, can instantly "tokenized" #metahash without knowledge programming. token information simple and easy understand metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper #metahash structure the #metahash network consists four parts #tracechain the solution the speed problem based automatic self-learning algorithm for routing signals over the network. starting rate transactions per second (the capability -megabit channel), grows more nodes with higher bandwidth are added the network forming the core the network and improving the reliability additional #datachains which are needed for running applications. #metaapps nodes added the #metahash network are used decentralized applications. the core code #metaapps optimizes the location application copies based required resources and financial motivation the owners nodes connected the network. any developer can create and publish application #metaapps, and #metahashcoin holders will decide open vote whether not approve it, reflecting the universal values all the network members. four components the system form single, synergistic solution that allows complex decentralized applications work real-time mode, even with high system loads. the technical complexity the system hidden behind user-friendly interface, making accessible ordinary users #metagate this open source interface using the #tracechain protocol making possible work with #metaapps and networks. third-party developers can use the #metagate code embed #metaapps and #tracechain/ blockchain features into various applications and browsers. #metahashcoin the network's digital payment currency. used ensure consensus, pay for all network services and control self-financing. recognised finma july utility token with payment function. #mhc tokens are qualified payment means accordance with the antimoney laundering act. metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper #tracechain #tracechain technology #tracechain the new internet protocol that the #metahash network based on. #tracechain uses mathematical model optimal signal propagation across the network. the synchronization thousands computers overloads network and slows down. solve this issue, #tracechain relies mathematical algorithms powered #tracechain all signals from the outer radius the cores. the signals are synchronized multiple powerful cores and back across the network. all existing blockchain systems (those already available and those that are under development), are too slow and expensive are not fully decentralized the more computers that need simultaneously synchronized, the higher the load the network. the cores are not static and are constantly altered voting. adding high-performance computers the network does not automatically make them cores, which protects the network against attacks. the core's segments are fully decentralized and protected trust algorithms and additional verifications. the performance the network core's segments checked and protected external radiuses. main advantages comparison with current and prospective decentralized blockchain systems: modern blockchain projects imply that cryptocurrency can only used technical specialists, traders and blockchain enthusiasts. cryptocurrencies are complex and incomprehensible mass audience; today, none the existing prospective systems provide sufficient speed and convenience make blockchain solutions usable industrial scale; speed, high transaction fees and huge complexity are the issues that the #tracechain protocol designed address. #tracechain automatic self-learning signal routing protocol. below comparative analysis the systems that currently hold leading positions the market metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper bitcoin pow (proof work) reliable, but very expensive, network integrity protection mechanism. the four bitcoin mining pools fully control the network and comprise bitcoin hash power. these four pools form the longest chain, which considered valid case conflicts. the synchronization process blockchain renowned for the problem slow nodes. the network slow long its nodes are slow. significant portion the bitcoin network physically located places with cheap electricity and slow internet (most often g). lot bitcoin nodes have such low bandwidth that increasing block size limit from would cut off significant part the network. bitcoin's most pressing issue that its core resources are concentrated the hands people who are, most often, not stakeholders. miners are interested maximizing their income and exchanging coins regular currency cover electricity and equipment costs. thus, pow miners always act against the interests the blockchain network. any time, any blockchain miner can redirect the mining power another blockchain platform. bitcoin forks and systems built similar code typically, they are characterized higher bandwidth and bigger block size. bitcoin has enough power store transactions, but still not enough run applications. eos eos reliable and fast banking system. however, centralized. supercomputers control the network and provide maximum number votes. these top computers synchronize transaction data and receive all commissions. sometimes the commission paid one more computer which chosen the basis the weight votes cast its favor. the top servers are static, they attract high amounts delegated coins and the system gets highly centralized almost impossible get new server the top lightning network lightning network features excellent concept transferring data between several participants. the system works well group participants needs make lot transactions amongst themselves the course day. the group's money stored the multi-signature wallets the participants. however, this platform has limited use, because the same group participants are unlikely need exchange data multiple times. when transaction has move outside the organized group, there gain speed and limited the bandwidth the network within which operates. metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper ethereum ethereum features good implementation pow, but very slow speed caused direct synchronization between multitude participants and low throughput many pow nodes. its smart contracts are particular value because they enable response events the ethereum network, but unfortunately they cannot react anything else and are unsuitable for real-time applications. ethereum plasma this very good solution for increasing the bandwidth the ethereum network. transfers tokens and application data take place separate blockchains and are based the principle pos consensus, with anchors stored the main ethereum blockchain which operates the pow algorithm. this will significantly improve the performance smart contracts that only respond events the ethereum network. but the speed the main network will remain low and average users will still unable use wallets due very low block download speed (up several days), even after weekly break use and the huge size the current chain which has fully downloaded onto your computer. light wallets could alternative solution, but using them could risky because projects associated with them are under-funded. other projects are aware not have the sufficient documentation coding considered serious alternatives blockchain comparison table bitcoin ethereum eos #metahash minutes seconds seconds under seconds transactions per second from millions from millions the level decentralization high high minimal high transaction approval time metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper what makes #tracechain stand out from existing projects? couldn't find any project focused creating fully decentralized and synchronized network capable quickly processing data large-scale, global basis, created #metahash #metahash offers solution that ticks all the boxes next-generation blockchain platform: full decentralization you should never trust network that not decentralized enough. full synchronization high speed and sufficient bandwidth are achieved through reduced network synchronization, transferring data between network parts will eventually become problematic, outweighing the benefit. many the current projects feature clear and useful ways application yet fail fully meet the needs the market transaction speed under three seconds the longer transaction takes, the less convenient use the system, and the more difficult for decentralized applications run full capacity. high bandwidth the amount transactions per second not just another number. high bandwidth allows the network keep transaction prices low because has sufficient resources process more transactions per unit time. low prices the lower the transaction price, the more potential customers are interested using the platform store their financial transaction info and technical data. metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper fast and safe operation #tracechain perfect solution for building isolated #datachains more than transactions per second each node phenomenal speed allows #metahash to: process all global transactions blockchain; achieve the lowest price per transaction the history blockchain; offer decentralized projects adequate price for data storage blockchain; convert any ethereum erc digital asset (token) into #mhc and transfer the #metahash network, convert back. make possible for shops instantly accept payments #metahash digital assets. more than five billion transactions per day under three seconds transaction confirmation five stages consensus building verification #metahash block anchors the bitcoin and ethereum networks metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper how works wallets torrent nodes verification nodes slave nodes master nodes blockchain backups bitcoin ethereum backup anchors speed reliability seconds confirm transaction with cores each transaction protected different consensus algorithms more than billion transactions per day node can handle more than transactions per second machine learning algorithm that defines the roles nodes and their distribution across the network metahash.org it's impossible gain control over the network even with budget billions dollars real decentralization amongst real people rather than groups dominant pools with gigantic mining farms hello@metahash.org blockchain interoperability send transfers from #metahash directly other networks digital assets (tokens) other networks can used the #metahash network even bitcoin, ethereum and erc any asset can converted into #metahashcoin #metahashcoins (#mhc) can transferred the ethereum waves networks and sent back through mirrored smart contracts white paper how did attain such swiftness? transactions are distributed across the network peer nodes transactions begin the outer radius and then run into the core network using the fastest route the fastest nodes the core network verify and synchronize transactions between themselves the core network returns the balance the wallets the network blockchain nodes contain information about all #datachains and #metahash network transactions every day, nodes belonging the #metahash company establish anchors hash from the latest block) the bitcoin, ethereum and other networks.* system successfully attacked, this will help restore the net*ifworktheurgently through general voting. anchor can verified any network member. its early years, any new technology may prone vulnerabilities, this method additional fail-safe which will eliminated later. order modify the data stored the #metahash network, would necessary successfully attack well number other blockchain networks metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper #tracechain node pool slave nodes #ai #ai incoming nodes master node verification nodes #ai #tracechain #ai #ai #ai #ai torrent nodes backup nodes #metaapp nodes #ai #ai light wallet nodes light wallet nodes #tracechain testing function node trust evaluation would required know the performance each node and the data transfer rate between nodes create optimal tracechain network map. therefore, #tracechain randomly puts some nodes into testing mode collate information. the tests are specifically designed that even node corrupt, will not able report the performance speed above the claimed figures and will not able identify being tested, because this information only revealed the end the interaction. the best protection against brute-force attack blocking the node after unsuccessful attempt. this the method use evaluate node trust. node processes transaction incorrectly, resets its trust level. node can achieve trust value after approximately months continuous activity. node used disrupt slow down the network, loses the accumulated trust value and will not used its full potential for long time. addition, trust nodes also affect the votes required for other types consensus. also use the data the actual node performance the decentralized network under normal operating conditions the system calculate node performance, thus eliminating the inaccuracies the testing methodology. metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper #tracechain each node features code that votes for the roles assigned other nodes the moment. result the voting, every available node receives the roles for several subsequent cycles the network's life. #tracechain: node roles #tracechain peer nodes these nodes deal with wallets and external services. they protect the internal parts the network from external overloading caused signal reception and distribution, including ddos attacks. the same time, they protect the network's core parts against the threat corruption. master corenodes slave corenodes the fastest and most reliable nodes become the core the network; they receive the maximum reward and form commits. any slave node can any time become master node and start performing corresponding functions. the slave mode, they check the accuracy masters' work and reduce their workload terms signal distribution among verification nodes. testing function blockchain backup nodes #metaapps nodes these nodes verify network integrity and check for correct functioning the core. addition, blockchain backup nodes run voting procedure the core the network successfully attacked many services, such smart contracts and decentralized apps, require extensive resources order execute work. #tracechain, there separate fee for execution work not related transactions; verification nodes approved transactions are sent these nodes which verify the functioning master and slave nodes and transmit the information peer nodes for distribution wallets. proxy nodes most wallets default are light wallets that trust the network consensus, but any wallet can become full wallet, decide not trust the network and store all the transactions itself. this high load that requires good internet connection and enough space the disc store large amounts data. wallet doesn't need store all transactions; can store the transactions following the last trim work with trusted full nodes only. metahash.org hello@metahash.org test nodes all nodes test mode from time time, collecting technical data concerning node speed capabilities and the speed data transactions between nodes, which used #tracechain create optimal network map and assign roles. course, the testing function not the only one that determines node performance. white paper #tracechain multi-consensus finalize the voting procedure, nodes each their possible roles must validate the transaction. the use multi-consensus rules out the possibility gaining control over the network even with concentration more than #mhc one hand gaining full control over network's part. addition, the pos multi-consensus regards every network member important, not only the owners the largest share resources. mathematically backed value that proves the need and sufficiency exactly nodes. #tracechain uses multiconsensus voting node roles, supported the multipos (multivote proof stake) principle technology development this document describes the principle operation the distributed network, which launched together with the ico round while developing the current protocol, are testing alternative network synchronization option featuring unlimited transactions (up millions transactions per second), reduced latency and increased protocol security. this regard, the version described below may different from the final public release. metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper #metaapps #metaapps decentralized cloud for real-time applications high speed, decentralization and the ability handle high loads shape the new, decentralized internet with #metahash, any program written any programming language under any operating system can become decentralized app and work with both data from the internet and data from any blockchain system. #metaapps #metaapps run real time regular websites and services, but they are decentralized and even their creator cannot change their behavior unless their users owners their digital assets (tokens) cast their votes. run real-time mode #metaapps evolution smart contracts and can used decentralize any service. these are independent programs that can exist forever and not belong anyone. they work exactly programmed and cannot tampered with third parties. gui any developer can create #metaapp from code any language program and operation systems image uploads onto the network and starts automatically numerous computers. fast regular web services and applications can look like ordinary applications webpages work exactly programmed one can change the application's behavior bypassing the update rules are created any programming language including c++, php, solidity and others. compatible with any os. full support smart contract functionality. #metaapps can work with any blockchain just with data from the internet. ready-made modules for applications the #metahash network will include array decentralized modules accelerate the development new projects. for example, creators each project will able use the existing #metachains service instead creating their own bitcoin ethereum parsing scripts. projects requiring decentralized database will able use #metadatabase. the basic functions the protocol support the creation #metatokens and data networks protected the basic consensus the #metahash network. metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper self-financing applications the number computers running copy #metaapp depends the amount #metahashcoins generated per day well its resource consumption. anyone can top the account from which #mhc will debited. alternatively, certain percentage app's income may transferred its account. this model gives rise fundamentally new type projects and the way which they exist and are launched any app developer can program application use certain share its revenue support its work the network and keep the rest the revenue finance further app development. this model, the team that develops application can selected the users the project general voting. the issues marketing and the need for other services can addressed collectively, too. following the logic described above, can create social network that: controlled general voting #mhc holders and the project's active users; encrypts data and user messages, one has access them; self-financed. here example decentralized self-financed social network based the #metahash platform: the project team launches ico round finance the development the project; the finished code various project nodes uploaded into the #metahash network and these nodes' wallets receive funds. the nodes' code automatically deployed #metahash; users' publications are encrypted and stored the #metahash data network. they can only decrypted users who are "added friends" and therefore allowed see updates. thus, only those who are the user's list will able get the key decrypt and read current and past updates published this user. private messages are encrypted with end-to-end encryption and are only available their recipients, despite the fact that they are stored publicly; please note that the described example just concept. the implication such project would require detailed planning, which cannot done within the framework this white paper after the ico, the project financed through sales carried out #metahashcoins through the "disable ads" user function. the team supporting the project well the project's marketing team get paid #mhc while certain amount #mhc exchanged through the automatic decentralized exchange service and credited the wallets the project's nodes. metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper applications developed the #metahash team #metachains decentralized parsers all popular blockchain platforms. order for #metaapps immediately respond events any blockchain system, will release decentralized parsers allowing the use api get balance info and transaction history from wallets across various blockchain platforms. this will allow applications respond different blockchain events and verify data accuracy sending queries network nodes. #metatoken the app's features include: automatic tokenization #mhc into erc digital assets and others; conversion any digital assets into #mhc; transferring digital assets between #metahash, blockchain and ethereum wallets. tokenization digital assets: using the data provided the #metachains app and taking advantage the protected and automated decentralized data storage service, the user can convert any blockchain network's token into #mhc and use the #metahash network. required, the asset can automatically converted back and transferred its original blockchain network. this way, any digital asset (token) can turned into #metatoken and used the #metahash network. the protected and automated decentralized data storage service will created under the supervision #metahash company, but financed from data storage fees. they will not belong the #metahash company. digital asset, equal value the original token, created within the #metahash network. the same time, the original asset frozen the blockchain platform belongs to. tokenization has the retroactive effect converting #metahash asset into original token #metastorage decentralized data storage service allows you work with public encrypted data stored the #metahash network, well with individual data nodes that are funded application using this data. #metaico the application allows the release #metahashcoins through the #metatoken interface without knowledge any programming language, using combination settings. metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper addition simplifying the process creating #mhc, very important support the protocol and create comprehensive protection environment against hackers code verification multiple applications. the moment, all icos are held using smart contracts. creating, executing and understanding their results would require extensive knowledge programming. #metaico offers new ico model. absolutely anyone will have opportunity hold ico using tools similar smart contracts. the tools offered #metaico will simple enough used people who don't have any significant programming skills. #metaico will accept any cryptocurrency using the data received from the #metachains app and convert the #metahashcoins into ethereum tokens and other erc tokens other networks. #metaico application will allow any ico porticipant use their digital assets (tokens) any network, not just the #metahash network, facilitating the storage various projects' digital assets (tokens) and providing connection various token exchanges censorship #metaapps although the idea applications that cannot blocked deleted sounds wonderful, must not forget that some people would want use the system harm others. believe that have apply censorship, but not for individual people decide how this will manifest, but rather for the whole #metahash community. this will done through open voting. when defining content placement rules, the #metahash community will always take into account all applicable laws blocking application the open voting procedure initiated voting coins have been accumulated favor blocking application. the voting takes month. application gets voting coins, the voting period reduced one week. application gets voting coins, the voting period reduced hours. protective measure against numerous malicious applications, deposit sufficient for three months hosting the application (not less than #mhc) will required order upload application. this figure may changed general vote. application blocked, the remaining deposit frozen. votes favor blocking the application are gathered the end the voting period, blocked. the application owner can file appeal, unblock the application and return the deposit. the appeal subject the same rules blocking and successful votes are cast favor unblocking the application the end the voting period. second appeal can filed one month after the first one. the appellant may offer modified version the application, eliminating the reasons that made the community members decide against it. metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper #metagate #metagate gateway decentralized internet #metagate not just another cryptocurrency wallet and browser for decentralized applications. gateway the decentralized internet which exists parallel with the usual internet but follows its own rules. cannot modified blocked. everywhere and nowhere the same time. belongs one and everyone. #metagate open-source program, all developers can embed parts its code into their applications and browsers with all the technical complexity, #metagate much easier for the user than the usual cryptocurrencies. all the necessary elements that provide network security function the background, leaving the end user with concise and clear interface. #metagate consists of: multi-asset wallet that supports "light mode" without downloading the entire blockchain. data comes from different sources the decentralized network and checked the user. course, the wallet can work "full node" mode selecting trusted nodes that have copy the #metachains application. (private keys from all blockchains used will stored only the user.) the wallet which can built from the source code order ensure the source code validated the community and that the wallet does fact belong the user. catalogue decentralized applications and browser work with them. any decentralized application built #metahash can accessed, not only through the standard internet domain, but also via #metagate can allocated separate program. metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper #metahashcoin #metahashcoin (#mhc) #metahash self-financing system with selfdevelopment process embedded its genetic code #metahashcoin used for payment: transactions operation applications instant and reliable transactions any assets adequate, fixed price. any decentralized application smart contract requires resources for deployment, including the #metahash network itself the value #metahashcoin offers real product that people and companies need rather than creating speculative demand #metahash does not use ineffective resources reach consensus data storage other services for applications that need store data, but require greater speed higher volume data than available conventional blockchain systems payment for public addresses, listing #metaapps, advertising #metagate and other sources resources for #metahashcoin forging servers wallets computers #metahashcoin used for the operation the transaction network. free resources are used for the operation decentralized applications "full" mode, nodes are used for system backup and recovery and torrent nodes. strengthen the security consensus the hybrid voting model for pow pos components order start earning #mhc with your servers, you need deposit coins ensure network security. this generates additional demand for #mhc metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper financial model ,,, #mhc will released for circulation within the next years. the final amount #mhc #mhc are distributed among #metahash founders for the price offered during the private round. founders are obliged not sell these until january #mhc are reserved during private round emission #mhc during the first year #metahash shall mandatory manner inform all private round participants about their rights and terms participation. the private round required verify the idea the expert environment, complete the team, launch campaign and hire the project's advisers. ethereum and bitcoin forks founders private round timing: applications are accepted from december february #mhc are distributed during ico round the funds collected this stage will used pay for marketing campaign and finance further project's development. the launch ico round scheduled for the ico round period can changed postponed months. estimated value: eth #mhc. round amount: usd* ico round initial emission #mhc (#metahashcoin) all prices are eth (ethereum) stage #mhc price (eth)** eth value founders private round ico round ico round (min) (min) ethereum and bitcoin forks ico round the total amount coins sold round cannot exceed million dollars. #mhc usd. during each round, #mhc will remain sale until they are sold out. the exchange rate fixed usd per eth (the rate ..). please note that the time #mhc sale, current exchange rate eth will used calculate the number #mhc coins sold. metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper #mhc are distributed during ico round launched only after forging. warn all participants that round closes early, may cancel round unilaterally. this case, all participants the founders private rounds well participants ico round will have days sell their #mch before #metahash launches crypto exchanges. the only exception the founders the project who are obliged not sell their #mhc until january #metahash reserves the right buy back #mhc from the founders private round participants the price eth per #mhc anti-dumping measure. this right the #metahash project rather than obligation. the only exception the founders the project who are obliged not sell their #mhc until january the white paper regulates the relations between #metahash and ico participants. additional terms and conditions can found the documentation posted the #metahash website. during ico round the project's team reserves the right regularly and repeatedly raise the token value, according the market situation and current demand. the starting value #mhc this round shall not lower than the price offered round multiplied two. ico round funds distributon security reserved lawyers advertising case early listing crypto exchanges, #mhc initially planned for the distribution during ico round will sold crypto exchanges twice the round price. the project will then begin the process its transformation into dao. #mhc are reserved for building fork ethereum and bitcoin. this #mhc. order implement additional system protection, #metahash will leave anchors the ethereum and bitcoin blockchains. #mhc will used motivation for eth and btc digital asset holders because wish recognize the merits these blockchain systems. owners the most popular cryptocurrencies will able get share #mhc. thus, want attract the most active members the crypto community regardless the size their contribution the ico and motivate them use the #metahash network. order participate, you will need buy one more #mhc using ethereum bitcoin wallet. bonus awarded the time transaction signature verification procedure. bonuses will distributed until the sum #mhc runs out. bonus awarded the wallet used for the transaction the time the start ico round the launch crypto exchanges. the bonuses are given the owners ethereum and bitcoin, proportion their wallet balances. "bonus amount: #metahashsoins per bitcoin #metahashsoins per ethereum tech business development the offer will start the day the ico round launch the first day crypto operations the discretion #metahash. this will announced advanced via public news channels. the offer period will last days; unclaimed #mhc will remain with the #metahash company. "the total bonus amount must not exceed #mhc per #metawallet. metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper #mhc emission: per year for years encourage the project's development. #mhc will issued the course years stimulate the development and promotion the project. fact, this reserve may used #metahash necessary. #mhc emission: per year for years stimulate project team. #mhc will issued the course years drive the team's performance. every years, the team that develops the project elected. #mhc will issued the next years stimulate forging. starting from the first year and ending the year. the project has high potential successfully exist self-financing entity once the funds raised during the ico period are exhausted. however, the team that develops the project offers increase the share commission paid #metahash, and #mhc holders find necessary, they can vote favor this plan. total ico funds distribution (including planned expenses) project development business development advisors and authors fees project authors, experts and advisors are paid share commission and can buy #mhc the ico price (on general grounds). authors fees will paid from project's income during years from launch date regardless the people companies managing #metahash the future. maintain competitive prices, the network's commission fees may changed general vote based the value #mhc. data transactions start interfere with the network, they will allocated isolated network with the same consensus the main network. with standard load the network, commission fees are charged for #metahash transfers. reserved advertising commission transactions the #metahash network more than #mhc #mhc #mhc #mhc #mhc #mhc assets #mhc #mhc #mhc #mhc #mhc data transactions #mhc #mhc #mhc #mhc #mhc network load #mhc metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper #mhc forging forging rewards come from the forging pool and transaction commissions. rewards are calculated every hours when new block (trim) formed. the frequency calculations and payments may vary depending technical requirements, the discretion the #metahash team. unlike the pow system, #metahashcoins forging servers don't out date and don't lose their effectiveness, their number limited and depends #mhc stakes. the only thing that will need improvement the system's core, (if scaling becomes necessary,) but transaction commissions this stage will fully cover the upgrade. all rewards for forging are distributed among #metahashcoins owners coin holders can entrust their voting rights any the network nodes including their own nodes. this can easily done via the wallet interface. delegation initiates technical transaction the network. instead establishing their own node, #mhc holder may give their voting right the operator the node they trust and get share the commission. this way, large numbers votes are concentrated nodes that the community trusts, making attacks the system more difficult. forging stimulation year year year year year year year year year year year commission paid #mhc holders amounts the total pool regardless the stake limits that are taken into account when the voting power for each commit (block) calculated. the amount #metahashcoins received for the forging process (also known mining) #metahash commit (block) calculated the following formula: (fp holder's stake total stake forging pool comissions are distributed among the owners the network's nodes nodes with the highest technical performance and large number delegated coins can become the core the network. the system designed encourage users add nodes with maximum capacity. rather than requiring multitude computers, the system needs limited number computers with high processing capacity, well weaker computers that could perform the role peer nodes and protect the network's core. the network fills with high-performance nodes, the amount transactions that the network can carry out per unit time increases. metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper minimum stakes: become active node, minimum delegated coins required. #mhc act master/slave/verification/blockchain node with maximum voting strength delegated #mhc per node. #mhc act peer node with maximum voting strength delegated #mhc per node. #mhc act metaapps/proxy/wallet node. paid the owners active wallets winning wallets for new round are chosen with mathematical formula providing random distribution active wallets based the previous trim's hash value (that is, from all transactions that occurred before the end the last round). thus, winners become known immediately the start new round and their wallets receive corresponding notifications. since the hash the past trim known throughout the network, all users can easily check the correctness the calculation using the same mathematical formula. during multiple hash upon hash calculation, wallet that closer the current hash number this round gets its place and the next hash calculated determine new winner. let's calculate the awards for wallets assuming that the forging reward pool this day #mhc (the daily pool during the first year) ignoring commissions that increase the reward pool. wallets protect the integrity the system. thanks wallets, the system can't controlled anyone even they own more than all #mhc. contrast nodes, wallets can't generate significant rewards but may still bring nice bonus any network user all active wallets with more than #mhc are eligible first place #mhc) second place #mhc) .%: third place #mhc) .%: fourth place #mhc) .%: fifth place #mhc) .%: from th, #mhc each .%: from ,th, #mhc each metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper below example how mining/ forging rewards are calculated example, let's calculate the awards assuming that the forging reward pool #mhc reward given voting coins and #mhc; alice took part the voting with #mhc, and total #mhc participated the voting procedure; alice will receive #mhc #mhc; alice bought node and voted for with her coins, she will receive another #mhc for the node; bob, who doesn't have node, uses his #mhc vote for alice's server, she'll get more #mhc; alice will earn #mhc this commit (block); #mhc will distributed between wallets. #metahashcoins emission year all #metahashcoins will distributed among the participants founders' round, private round, ico round ico round and participants bitcoin and ethereum fork. the remaining will not exist the time the ico and will issued planned times accordance with #metahash code. made for #metahash mining (forging) stimulation, support the project team, and support the project's development. project launch year year year year year year year year year year metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper legal disclaimer general information the metahash coin ("#mhc does not have the legal qualification security, since does not give any rights dividends interests. the sale #mhc final and non-refundable. the #mhc are not shares and not give any right participate the general meeting metahash ag, company incorporated zug, switzerland (hereinafter referred ("metahash"). the #mhc cannot have performance particular value outside the metahash platform. the #mhc shall therefore not used purchased for speculative investment purposes. the purchaser #mhc aware that national securities laws, which ensure that investors are sold investments that include all the proper disclosures and are subject regulatory scrutiny for the investor's protection, are not applicable. anyone purchasing #mhc expressly acknowledges and represents that she/he/it has carefully reviewed this white paper and fully understands the risks, costs and benefits associated with the purchase #mhc. knowledge required the purchaser #mhc undertakes that she/he/it understands and has significant experience cryptocurrencies, blockchain systems and services, and that she/he/it fully understands the risks associated with the initial coin offering ("ico") well the mechanism related the use cryptocurrencies (incl. storage). metahash shall not responsible for any loss #mhc situations making impossible access #mhc, which may result from any actions omissions the user any person undertaking acquire #mhc, well case hacker attacks. risks acquiring #mhc and storing them involves various risks, particular the risk that metahash may not able launch its operations, develop its blockchain and provide the promised services. therefore, and prior acquiring #mhc, any interested person should carefully consider the risks, cost and benefits acquiring #mhc the context the ico and, necessary, obtain any independent advice this regard. any interested person who not the position accept understand the risks associated with the activity (incl. the risks related the non-development the metahash platform) any other risks indicated the terms conditions the ico should not acquire #mhc. metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper important disclaimer this white paper shall not and cannot considered invitation enter into investment. does not constitute relate any way nor should considered offering securities any jurisdiction. the white paper does not include nor contain any information indication that might considered recommendation that might used base any investment decision. this document does not constitute offer invitation sell shares, securities rights belonging metahash any related associated company. the #mhc utility and payment token, which can used only the metahash platform, and not intended used investment. the offering #mhc done order access the metahash platform, purchase services related exclusively the latter and not for speculative purposes. the offering #mhc tokens platform not changing the legal qualification the token, which remains simple means for the use the metahash platform and not security. metahash not considered advisor any legal, tax financial matters. any information the white paper given for general information purpose only and metahash does not provide with any warranty the accuracy and completeness this information. given the lack crypto-token qualifications most countries, each buyer strongly advised carry out legal and tax analysis concerning the purchase and ownership #mhc according their nationality and place residence incorporation. metahash today financial intermediary according the swiss federal act combating money laundering and terrorism financing (amla). consequence, metahash has concluded agreement with the company eidoo ag, swiss financial intermediary affiliated selfregulatory organization according the amla. with this agreement, metahash, application finma guidelines for enquiries regarding the regulatory framework for initial coin offering, published february (>), has fully delegated eidoo the execution the amla requirements relation the acceptance the funds that will raised through the ico. according the finma ico guidelines and consideration the agreement concluded with eidoo ag, metahash has not itself affiliated sro licensed finma. the #mhc confer direct indirect right metahash's capital income, nor does confer any governance rights within metahash; the #mhc proof ownership right control over metahash and does not grant the purchaser any asset share metahash, the metahash network. the #mhc does not grant the purchaser any governance right participate control over metahash's management decision making set-up, over the metahash network. regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated crypto currencies the world. that respect, regulatory measures, investigations actions may impact metahash's business and even limit prevent from developing its operations the future. any person undertaking acquire #mhc must aware that the metahash business model, the white paper terms conditions may change need modified because new regulatory and compliance requirements form any applicable laws any jurisdictions. such case, anyone undertaking acquire #mhc acknowledge and metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper understand that neither metahash nor any its affiliates shall held liable for any direct indirect loss damage caused such changes. the metahash platform will function and provide access and services the closing the ico depending further potential developments the metahash platform, other services may released and offered the users. concluding the commercial operation, the #mhc will issued technical process referred "blockchain". this open source protocol over which metahash has rights liability terms its development and operation. the token distribution mechanism will controlled smart contract; this involves computer program that can executed the ethereum network any blockchain network that compatible with smart contract programming language. any person undertaking acquire #mhc acknowledge and understand therefore that metahash (incl. its bodies and employees) assumes liability responsibility for any loss damage that would result from relate the incapacity use the #mhc, except case intentional misconduct gross negligence. the #mhc are based the ethereum protocol. therefore, any malfunction, unplanned function unexpected operation the ethereum protocol may cause the metahash network the #mhc malfunction operate way that not expected. ether, the native ethereum protocol account unit may itself lose value similar way the #mhc, and also other ways. representations and warranties participating the ico, the purchaser agrees the above and particular, she/he/it represents and warrants that she/he/it: have read carefully the terms conditions attached the white paper; agrees their full contents and accepts legally bound them; authorized and has full power purchase #mhc according the laws that apply her/his/its jurisdiction domicile/place incorporation; not u.s. citizen, resident entity "u.s. person") nor she/he/it purchasing #mhc signing behalf u.s. person; not chinese resident entity nor she/he/it purchasing #mhc signing behalf chinese resident; not south-korean resident entity nor she/he/it purchasing #mhc signing behalf south-korean resident; lives jurisdiction which allows metahash sell the #mhc through ico without requiring any local authorization and are compliance with the local, state and national laws and regulations when purchasing, selling and/or using the #mhc; does not live jurisdiction which qualifying token issued through ico securities; metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper familiar with all related regulations the specific jurisdiction which she/he/it based and that purchasing cryptographic tokens that jurisdiction not prohibited, restricted subject additional conditions any kind; will not use the ico for any illegal activity, including but not limited money-laundering and the financing terrorism; has sufficient knowledge about the nature the cryptographic tokens and has significant experience with, and functional understanding of, the usage and intricacies dealing with cryptographic tokens and currencies and blockchain based systems and services; purchases #mhc because she/he/it wishes have access the metahash platform; not purchasing #mhc for the purpose speculative investment usage. governing law arbitration the purchaser acknowledges and accepts that the metahash ico operation taking place within swiss legal environment that still under development. the parties agree seek and amicable settlement prior bringing any legal action. all disputes arising with the white paper and any document provided the context the ico, shall resolved arbitration accordance with the swiss rules international arbitration the swiss chambers commerce force the date when the notice arbitration submitted accordance with these rules. the arbitration panel shall consist one arbitrator only. the seat the arbitration shall zug, switzerland. the arbitral proceedings shall conducted english. for your convenience our legal consultants' opinions are available upon request legal@metahash.org metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper voting functions voting functions the #metahash network voting procedure all types voting are started with notification the #metagate interface and alerts corresponding channels. proposed update details are published english, with links the main discussion thread and threads other languages. vote counting the voting system based the amount #mhc belonging voters. "vote" technical transaction signed private key the voter, available publicly. order win, suggested proposal needs accumulate vote. types voting time frames "emergency voting": the community has hours vote used only when necessary. more than votes are against the proposal, the status the procedure changed "fast". "fast voting": the community has week vote. more than votes are against the proposal, the status the procedure changed "standard". "standard voting": the community has month vote. the voting initiated publicly switching from the "fast" mode. types voting the type proposed changes voting change the constitution the project's constitution, which the highest legal authority, made provisions embedded the program code. these provisions regulate the project. they include the rights and obligations the project's participants and rules for voting changes the project's features and interface. the first version the constitution created the team launching the project. metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper electing the project team responsible for its development every years, elections the project team are held. the first years, #mhc allocated finance the team's work. once years have passed, the income #metahash company should sufficient self-finance its activities. once the first years have passed, those wishing continue supporting the project should publish their budget plan and the list proposed project development measures for the next years, well the names suggested team members. methods updating #metahash software when decision regarding software updates has made, the "standard voting" procedure initiated, accompanied public notification. real need exists, "emergency" "fast" voting may initiated, but votes are cast against the proposed change, the voting period extended "fast" "standard". #mhc owners, rather than node owners, that are eligible take part the voting process. only nodes running the latest version the software are allowed operate the network. change commission fees, budgets and tools selffinancing the project's financial plan should reflect balance between short-term and long-term interests #mhc holders. any changes financial instruments are decided means "standard" voting, accompanied public notification. app blocking and appeals requires votes initiate the "standard" voting app blocking and appeals. the status the procedure changes "fast" votes have been accumulated, and "emergency" votes have been cast. votes are required block app win appeal. metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper roadmap roadmap the technical part the project was based the achievements adsniper, created through the field advertising technologies: network library for receiving signals, working c++ and capable simultaneously receiving and sending more than requests per second one inexpensive standard server; network library for synchronizing signals within cluster that manages gigantic data flows between cluster machines; machine learning system that decides milliseconds respond signal taking into account multifactorial interrelationships; own analogue hadoop's for similar systems c++ for distributed processing large data. received lot requests from different companies for the application blockchain technology and came understand that current technologies cannot satisfy requests for such types systems. started developing our own protocol #tracechain now, each the geographically dispersed nodes belonging adsniper accepts requests from the entire internet the rate more than million requests per second and can scaled without limits adding more servers. may august september october development #tracechain protocol (alpha version) development #tracechain protocol (beta version) adnow team joins agranovsky team joins november formation business development team december formation operational team january #metahash webpage launch start the operational team office construction created alpha and beta versions #tracechain protocol and joined forces with the strongest companies and people the fields international marketing and business development. the beginning started build network experts blockchain, security, trading exchanges, legal services, marketing, and financial technologies who will contribute their expertise and support the release the project metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper onboarding experts and advisers development #metagate (v..). multi-asset wallet featuring the ability transfer #metahashcoins between wallets multiple servers that stores data transactions between crypto wallets. development #tracechain (v..) development #tracechain (v..). #tracechain data download api development #metaico (v..). the ico interface the #metahash platform that accepts assets from various blockchains (bitcoin and ethereum), distributes tokens the #metahash network and carries out multichain transactions, including erc the ethereum network development #metachains (v..). converting #metahashcoins erc and withdrawing them the ethereum network that #mhc holders can choose which network use and automatically convert erc tokens into #metahashcoins development #metaapps (v..). application platform development #metachains (v..). api featuring transaction history and balance wallets associated with different blockchain platforms. decentralized application containing information about transactions the ethereum and bitcoin networks which necessary provide blockchain interoperability #metaapps release #metagate (v..). encrypted messenger for public notifications and messaging between wallets release #tracechain (v..). peer nodes that connect testnet installed any server opening the operational team office ico round scheduled start #tracechain (v..). network core performance testing service (,,+ transactions per second) #metaico (v..). interface for creating tokens inside the network #metahash #metaico (v..). release ico project platform #metahash. #metahash makes possible tokenize any asset without knowledge programming. essentially, platform with smart contract settings. anyone can learn use without studying its code because #metahash smartapp created the platform itself and features all necessary settings, making possible for person who doesn't know programming get contract details. since this smartapp, not smart contract, not tied any specific blockchain platform and can work with any blockchain and accept payments any cryptocurrency metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper #tracechain (v..). voting functions the #metahash network #tracechain (v..). managing the routing signals between nodes for providing maximum speed #metahash block creation and bandwidth and test nodes different geographical locations for testing node interaction #metaico (v..). release the #metatoken application, tokenization eth, erc, bitcoin #metahashcoin for use the #metahash network #tracechain (v..). #metastorage, service for decentralized applications #metaapps (v..). the platform for self-deployment third-party decentralized applications #metagate (v..). final release #metagate wallet for mac/win/unix/ android/ios with #metaapps catalogue #tracechain (v..). start forging ico round conclusion the listing agreement with the duly organized and regulated cryptoexchange further planned announcements beginning extensive security testing source code release upon the completion testing launch fully decentralized system the actual release dates may differ from the plan. the project's priorities are changing; therefore, some features may introduced earlier later than scheduled. the same time, some project elements not announced the initial plan may added. may change the launch day forging and alert you two weeks before the launch date. metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper advisors consultants legal advisors kpmg ag, switzerland, served advisor #metahash the evaluation the swiss regulatory, tax and legal aspects respect the initial coin offering (ico) daniel viola partner, head regulatory and compliance group sadis goldberg llp daniel viola partner sadis goldberg llp and the head its regulatory and compliance group. structures and organizes brokerdealers, investment advisers, funds and regularly counsels investment professionals connection with regulatory and corporate matters. mr. viola has been active the blockchain and virtual currency verticals since also the founder the crypto asset webinars, the blockchain shift conferences and serves advisory board member several icos. mr. viola also served senior compliance examiner for the northeast regional office the sec, where worked from through during his tenure the sec, mr. viola worked several compliance inspection projects and enforcement actions involving examinations registered investment advisers, ensuring compliance with federal and state securities laws. mr. viola's examination experience includes financial statement, performance advertising, and disclosure document reviews, well as, analysis investment adviser and hedge fund issues arising under erisa and blue-sky laws. late mr. viola founded his own law firm and eventually merged into sadis goldberg's law practice. wenger vieli global law firm with offices zurich and zug wenger vieli served advisor #metahash assessing the regulatory aspects the initial coin offering. member meritas, one the largest international associations law firms with members all major cities the world. the area tax law, wenger vieli ltd. cooperates with wts global, worldwide network selected consulting firms, present more than countries. metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper oliver ciric partner advisory experience international jurisprudence for more than years. oliver graduated from boston university law majoring banking and finance law, and the geneva university law specializing "license and law". previous work experience: nationale suisse assurances, matile brosset stickel-cicurel gianninazzi, poncet turrettini amaudruz neyroud partners, akin gump strauss hauer feld llp (formerly hogan hartson llp). provides legal support for blockchain projects, and also advises cooperation with finma. metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper the team the team this project result the joined forces three visionaries and their companies' best specialists. they invited number experts international marketing, and business development join them gleb nikitin co-founder, partner, cro serial entrepreneur with more than years experience the development large-scale technological projects. founder adsniper. ad-sniper.com employees over the past years, the company has created highly loaded advertising networks. the company's own large data processor incorporates servicing petabytes data, fast nosql and sql databases, artificial intelligence systems and libraries for highly loaded advertising services, processing requests for advertising from the entire internet. key staff oleg romanenko csa adsniper the architect real-time services adsniper and system analyst alfabank online banking system. creator highload network library capable serving over million request per second node. mikhail zarutskiy cto adsniper head ai, big data and real time services teams create razoom capable handling millions requests real time combining neural networks calculations with other machine learning algorithms. sergey raylyan cio adsniper plans and coordinates implementation dozens different technologies and interfaces forming adsniper's technology stack. dmitry borisenko adsniper leading c++ developer, the creator alternative hadoop systems exceeding the speed analogues more than times. metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper vladimir bashkin ceo adnow, cmo network with more than billion impressions per day. one the strongest teams the world for buying advertising across all advertising networks with its own staff translators and advertising specialists local markets. adnow.com employees key staff artem kravchenko marketing communication manager ceo addays digital events. event director bitcomo affiliate network lavrentios penklidis senior content manager pham thanh trung head community department sales and business development manager adnow more than members already joined #metahash #metahash open-team structured project, which welcomes all people and companies. metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper anton agranovsky co-founder, partner, cbdo investor, expert, opinion leader the field establishment and development companies. board member plastic media and smx communications. invests startups and accompanies the company growth from the idea ipo. the founder and president destiny development, one the first gaming companies the russian internet market known both for its own developments and localizations. agranovsky.org employees forbes magazine contributor key staff gennady yakunin ceo agranovsky organisation accounting holding companies. more than years experience and gaming projects svetlana rudenok deputy ceo agranovsky expert risk evaluation, more than years experience audit new and active projects and gaming industries andrey korostelev cfo agranovsky more than years experience financial management and gaming projects. active supporter social and charity projects metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper operational team employees key staff dmitry ushakov coo, general over years experience operational management multi-user projects for game insight and other startups andrey akimov chief communication officer more than years marketing and gaming, entertainment, and business. former head and marketing my.com, mail. group, game insight, and other companies evgenii dobrelia creative production lead more than years experience creative production. worked for such companies sony, nintendo, riot games, nival, hobby world, etc. former lead creative assets production my.com and mail.ru group vitaly golban cbdo, u.s.a. seasoned entrepreneur, crypto funds manager, years operational management experience global corporations igor ivchenko crypto ambassador more than years business development, finance, banking and m&a experience. extensive experience entrepreneurship, underwriting and investment julie dvorechenskaya business development manager asia, mena alexander zhigarenko cbdo russia, cis over years publishing, operation and business development experience for destiny.games and game industry michail iwanow art director, lead designer more than years experience visual and product design. worked various projects for rusnano, sony, canon, nikon and many others eugenia sigacheva public affairs partner more than years international marketing pr, also it&innovations. eugenia part international team the well known robot sophia and ceo founder the iheart platform metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper legal department andrey mironov chief legal department graduated mgimo the international law faculty. legal practice the field new technologies, media and intellectual property for more than years. worked the art. lebedev studio, odnoklassniki, the russian office myspace, the channels mtv, discovery, amedia and the online cinema amediateka. helped develop the eksmo publishing house, the fox channel. expert the russian association electronic communications (raec). maria agranovskaya chief legal coordinator attorney law with years experience. started working with cryptocurrency issues back graduated from mgimo mid russia (international law), studied germany and holland. years running multifamily office, worked various cross-border transactions, investments, asset management, deal and corporate structuring various jurisdictions, m&a, international taxation and other matters. anastasia pichugina anp law managing partner managing partner anastasia has unique experience and knowledge russian and foreign law, trusted legal representative several foreign companies. ekaterina myznikova senior lawyer anp head the practice blockchain projects. successfully accompanies several ico projects, participant and speaker profile conferences, webinars katya fisher katya yoffe (nee fisher) attorney focusing general corporate law, cross-border transactions and business immigration. katya represents various prominent companies and startups doing business the united states well celebrity and hnw individuals. katya has been selected super lawyers "rising star" and metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper glossary #metahash decentralized network for sharing digital assets and platform for creating and managing decentralized #metaapps. #metahashcoins (#mhc) the internal currency the #metahash network. #tracechain automatic self-learning signal routing protocol. #tracechain algorithm for #tracechain machine learning protocol. #metagate open-source interface featuring the ability turn common applications services into #metaapp applications. #metadatabase global distributed database for #metaapps. #datachains are chains blocks the #metahash network created store large databases. blockchain interoperability concept according which the future the distributed web lies the ability blockchain networks interact and integrate with each other. dao decentralized autonomous organization. project company existing without centralized management system concentrated the hands limited number managers. #metaapps are decentralized applications the #metahash network based the #tracechain protocol. multipos (multivote proof stake) hybrid algorithm system integrity confirmation based the proof stake principle where blockchain nodes various types cast their votes. #metaapps nodes are nodes running #metaapp applications that operate blockchain data and provide speed and security. open voting means that any voter can get access the results voting and see the ids participating wallets and their decisions. #metachains #metahash application storing the balance all blockchain wallets. open-source application. open-source project allows any user access its code and use create their own version the application, improve the current version. #metatokens are #metahash digital assets created result tokenization the digital assets other blockchain networks. #metaico the ico interface the #metahash platform allowing users create their own smart contracts without knowledge programming languages. #metastorage global #metaapps database and part #metahash structure. hash the result turning body data into fixed-length string ready used #tracechain. #metahash smartapp standalone application existing multiple copies the #metahash network; similar smart contract, cannot changed modified and functions regular web service based regular operating system. #metahash company legal entity registered switzerland representing the interests the #metahash project within legal framework. this english version this white paper the official version. please, note that case any discrepancies the english version shall always prevail. metahash.org hello@metahash.org white paper metahash ag, gartenstrasse zug switzerland metahash.org hello@metahash.org