updated may, introduction metamorph.pro embraces decentralized technology vision meet the team behind metamorph.pro our strategy our goals what metamorph.pro capable of? short-term targets long-term goals what are metamorph.pro innovations? our unique features permits regulations services offered point difference metamorph.pro token sale dates distribution details roadmap conculsion introduction metamorph.pro easy exchangeable platform that can switch digital currencies between each other. the coin switching call "morph" combines the most popular cryptocurrencies the market. metamorph.pro designed for newbie seasoned traders, it's unique coin swapping, peer-to-peer exchange give the user the best exchange rates with low spreads, able secure and backup coins aswell quickly and easily move cryptocurrency around without the hassle getting into the traditional exchanges that are over complicated and extremely difficult manage digital assets todays market. metamorph.pro first it's kind enabling anyone able easily exchange and store coins secure wallet, check portfolio with easy understand charts and backup realtime. the way exchange works use hash-time logged contracts which essentially means when you send over transaction and its received the other individual will either complete refund both the individuals entirely trustless manner, this allows traders that you may may not know buy sell anonymously while having your account stay safe and secure. why this important? todays cryptocurrency world there are two types exchanges, centralized exchanges decentralized exchanges. with centralized exchanges they have full control over your funds, they are not anonymous and they can hacked and they can also have server downtime. metamorph.pro embraces decentralized technology with decentralized exchanges you have full control over your funds, you can trade anonymously, there opportunity for hacks server downtime. (pros and cons) with centralized exchanges they are typically easier use (usually advanced traders) however complicated for crypto traders getting started, the upside they have more advanced tools and liquidity. with decentralized today they are not easy use, they have basic features and the user experience pretty poor leading less people using them and resulting lower liquidity. metamorph.pro are mission build the best peer-topeer decentralized exchange the planet which will easy use, provides advanced tools, will have very low fees, you will have full control over your funds, have the ability trade anonymously and have opportunity for hacks server downtime. vision with metamorph.pro you're able conduct transactions extremely trustless manner without ever fearing when your tokens are leaving your possession when you are making transaction leaving opportunity for your coins hacked because you are full control. the vision see metamorph.pro believe the centralized model coming end. say that because these hacks keep happening every single month it's very obvious this cannot last like this. when japan was hacked most the trading community lost their confidence and took months recover from such loss. for cryptocurrency trading continue moving forward believe more resilient trading environment needed. with metamorph.pro really saw the need the marketplace through our own frustrations, this led this path building the worlds most user friendly exchange. believe it's time bring out the market decentralized easy use all-in-one tool with advanced reporting solutions but without the complications and compliance issues that traditional crypto exchange has. metamorph.pro are developing meet the team new kind coin trading platform. officially launch our worldwide coin exchange platform with unique features for cryptocurrencies and digital assets. daniel lew founder ceo daniel passionate about blockchain technology and it, communications, marketing, software and business with years combined experience. daniel has been involved crypto advisor and has seen the way the market has evolved over the years leading him building metamorph.pro which believes will the next biggest thing the crypto world. tom miller founder blockchain architect tom native digital technologist, biomedical engineer, social entrepreneur, passionate programmer, looking solve society's social issues through the application technology. angelo lauro financial manager angelo has had more than decades working the corporate sector including, technology, franchising and finance. angelo currently holds several directorships various successful businesses the finance insurance sector with experience over the years that includes recruitment, management consultancy, business performance growth specialist. hamish miller marketing manager hamish expert branding, marketing and advertising with search placements and retargeting. his expertise will ensure metamorph.pro gets the recognition deserves. marwan fikrat programmer developer marwan lives and breathes programming, his passion and love for being involved with software projects such metamorph.pro all driven his willing push through and adapt technologies interested about. his speciality javascript and react. our strategy our goal become the next generation coin trading platform utilizing atomic swap technology, deliver unparalleled value for new users, and strong returns for investors. ultimately, wish drive the creation new financial ecosystem grounded the interactions between digital assets and blockchain technology. our mission foster and enhance the adoption cryptocurrencies medium exchange for global cryptocurrency trading. will achieve this increasing the awareness and educating the general population the safety and advantages utilizing digital currencies and blockchain technology. metamorph.pro believe that the time has come for traders around the world trust cryptocurrencies while allowing systems like ours facilitate, fast, easy and secure transactions. due all the regulations and boundaries currently enveloping financial markets, has become increasingly more difficult start trading. with metamorph.pro take that barrier and frustration away allowing you simply move your coins around from one exchange the next coin swapping scenario, not store your coins our server, your coins are stored the blockchain where they reside allowing the metamorph.pro platform safe, secure and protected. metamorph.pro has the required tools and expertise provide individuals, companies and startups with the opportunity experience positive growth and development. our goals our aim minimize the hassles and unnecessary limitations bureaucracy and build easy-to-use, full-proof platform for the masses. want provide solution for newbie seasoned traders check profits and losses quickly and have the information they need quickly move coins around backup and store wallet. provide exchange platform between cryptocurrencies and digital assets with large, active and friendly community. offer new ways for clients turn profit purchasing cryptocurrencies low price and either sitting those assets later sell swap out into other coins higher value. provide exchange platform for members who can feel safe and secure with date technology and leading practices. metamorph.pro constantly pursuit new technologies advance the financial experience for our clients. what metamorph.pro capable our platform enables users sell and purchase cryptocurrencies and keep safe and secure wallet for holding. during the first year our launch, plan make our services available globally. metamorph.pro ensures the safety and security client funds integrating with shapeshift which utilizes cold storage methodologies, backed trust and smart contracts, which have very strict rules and guidelines pertaining seller selection, thus, providing buyers with confidence, and trust our services. during the first phase our rollout, metamorph.pro will integrated metamorph and will build and roll out our exchange from there. then plan have our codebase lightweight platform built the blockchain platform and integrated into partners such shapeshift and others handle large transaction volumes. believe that our organization can draw large benefits from the many features that blockchain technology can offer. short term targets acquiring all the necessary permits and licenses operate decentralized exchange within countries which this sector heavily regulated governmental law. focus driving strong and stable user growth, targeting those users who are already familiar with the functionality exchanges and digital wallets well those who are just beginning develop interest. plan achieving our user growth targets via social media campaigns. long term goals acquiring substantial market share the coin exchange sector; growing into fully-fledged platform for exchanging. invest heavily production and service ensure that metamorph. pro can provide the best technological platform solutions today's highly competitive industry. expand business operations globally, solidify our presence and strong brand awareness key regions the world. what are metamorph.pro innovations? combining finance with the cryptocurrency world unique and rewarding process. metamorph.pro are targeting experienced professionals well newcomers into this field. us, security the most important aspect business practices. this why integrate secure platforms into our exchange well smart technologies provide our clients with the highest guarantee for secure trading available. the market. our unique features include coin swapping understand purchasing coins traditionally from one exchange another exchange takes time and really only understandable for experienced traders. want have coin swapping our main priortity easily allow traders able swap bitcoin ethereum for example without having login two exchanges move from one exchange the other have often seen happen the space. wallet the wallet can send and receive and able get funds from other account holders the platform outside the platform. addition the wallet can used hold and buy back when they time right have way spend using our debit card integration. exchange once you purchase coin receive coin, you can then exchange. this where have many coins that you can easily exchange and find great deals and you can have very simple view what sort rate you will get for exchanging your coins. portfolio our portfolio graphs allows you quickly analyse where your digital assets investments are mostly tied and gives you better indication how you would want spread out other investments. backups have nullified the threat cyber-attacks and hacking threats thanks the utilization cold storage methods. clients will able use backup seed set words and password hacker safe. personalised for you like darker themes? how about subtle space background? metamorph.pro.exchange gives you personal look with everything from traditional gray patterns customized themes. referral program our referral program designed benefit both, invitation senders, and recipients this will allow users receive rewards once they recruit new users the platform. permits and regulations conducting operations exchange vastly different from any other business practice due the fact that capital not only required fund growth and trade cycles, but also for regulatory aspects and requirements. because will working under shapeshift skeleton and api program will more less protected and governed their platform. however are very well aware that whatever regulations are place their end will pretty much dictate how operate, will constantly keep date with changes requirements that come into play their end well date with local law and global trading updates accomodate any possible issues. proper licensing one the key tasks metamorph.pro will working towards accomplishing. the team behind metamorph.pro perfectly understands that exchanges are one the most vulnerable parts the cryptocurrency environment. however, metamorph.pro expects acquire its investor license after the token sale period. although the current crypto coin market decentralized and does not yet fall under full governmental regulations. the united states sec has expressed plans regulate ico's and cryptocurrencies the foreseeable future, while other countries are banning them carry strict disposition. services offered metamorph.pro providing full history trading, decisions can easily made, even for the most inexperienced traders. with just few clicks, users will able easy understand trade options. although greatly value our metm token holders, want everyone have the opportunity become involved the early stages our exciting, groundbreaking project, and have the opportunity generate profits while taking the first steps the direction towards revolutionizing the decentralized cryptocurrency exchange market and wallet. services offered exchanges work because people use them buy and sell their (digital) assets, and the more traders our exchange has, the more profits will made, which means more income goes back our token holders. will provide traders the ability check portfolio, access wallet, backup coins and trade. will include depicting profits and losses throughout different time periods, historical graphs analyzing performances and trades. coin holders will also have the benefit being notified each time successful trade placed and can monitor the overall profit ratios covering various periods. metamorph's point difference? tokensale details the metm token type digital currency which can and will used other exchange platforms that get approved on. (and can exchanged between bitcoins, ethereum, and other digital currencies). total million tokens will sold, only million tokens will ever created. million million million tokens will during the partners and advisors sold main sale project team during the bounties pre-sale bonus fund metamorph.pro token sale dates details pre sale: until june main sale: june august minimum investment eth, btc, waves https://metamorph.pro note: additional metm tokens will ever minted and the supply will never increase. restrictions: usa and chinese citizens are refrained from participating the purchase metm tokens during the pre-sale and main sale due legal restrictions. distribution details offering size metm tokens for pre-sale. (aprox) metm tokens for eth for the entire pre-sale. pre-sale funds will into marketing the main sale including ongoing branding, banner ads, press releases, social media etc. pre-sale funds will into the ongoing legal protection, compliance and any licensing needed date with australian law. funds will into infrustructure including any integration costs, anti-hacking solutions, software, hosting, servers, app costs etc. funds will into employing blockchain programmers ensure have state the art platform. remaining will into unexpected overheads that may arise. the number metm tokens limited ,,, only will available for this initial pre-sale. the other metm tokens will sold via main sale roadmap conclusion the next two years will rather busy for metamorph.pro. the token sale launch set for april, followed expansion into other areas. gradually, will drastically improve the functionality the platform its perfect form when expect have full entrance into the global cryptocurrency exchange market. metm coin metamorph metamorph demo metamorph alpha stages metamorph exchange beta desktop app metamorph exchange mobile debit card metamorph libraries released mass adoption cryptocurrencies will definitely change the world and metamorph. pro wants there when that happens offering innovative and secure platform, where users around the world can securely and easily exchange assets. every day, cryptocurrencies are gaining more and more legitimacy and the number countries and companies that are starting accept them are also increasing daily basis. services like pizza chains, grocery stores, gyms, entertainment centers, and even vending machines are opening crypto. are living period financial revolution! bitcoin and ethereum are pioneering the new cryptocurrency era. metamorph.pro has the ability and capability guide the cryptocurrency market into new age. age which gives both novices and experienced traders peek into the future corporate finance practices. with this token sale and our passion, offer you new business model, that our vision drastically changes the world financial markets that innovative organizations can create more value and profits for our token holders. so... what are you waiting for, let's exchange! join our path towards financial revolution stay tuned with developments token sale updates visiting www.metamorph.pro