mfcoin mfcoin the virtual state freeland the virtual state freeland concept our main idea create our own virtual jurisdiction with brand-new society and modern management tools, extra-territorial state model called freeland. change the existing state systems only possible new form e-agreement introduced for everyone, the so-called public agreement which was technically impossible implement before. today offer you chance join the launch virtual jurisdiction outside the bounds existing jurisdictions but with the prospect interaction with them the basis certain agreements. contemporary world, choice homeland conscious choice human being, not adoption old-school feudal model, where state major taxman and provides services based thereon, mostly very poor quality. basically, government the future will only play role service company whose work should satisfy its citizens and, therefore, consumers. the whole notion homeland will pure loyalty the brand. what freeland? the virtual state freeland the same state any other existing one, whether recognized not. the global difference that organized newly-discovered territory: the infosphere. there logical reason deny that this territory exists. there reason deny that social and economic relations between people can technically built according different rules than ever before. mfcoin the virtual state freeland principles freeland state system: within the scope traditional classification, freeland democratic state, parliamentary republic. the electoral right built the blockchain technology and represents direct agreement between the voter and the official (or the robot acting like one). elections are not periodic act but permanent process. the financial system freeland based the circulation the mfcoin crypto-currency (hereinafter referred mfc), which means payment for the state freeland. the virtual state freeland allows and maintains circulation its territory any currency and means payment, their treatment does not harm the citizens freeland. think that the state shouldn't collect the taxes, but has paid for the services provides. the state the future service organization. freeland the first state recognize individual's exclusive right his intellect private property not subject any encumbrances. what the decision-making algorithm virtual state? all the decisions freeland are being taken its citizens means qualified majority (not less than votes). however, any issue during any ballot should have binary statement with not more than two possible solutions avoid manipulation. each vote counts one regardless the voter's social status. none the two solutions gained votes, both options shall considered potentially rational and shall polished till the agreed decision taken favor one them. what public agreement? public agreement (social contract) socio-economic theory the advent the civil society, state and law result certain agreement between individuals. this theory undertakes that individuals shall part deny their sovereign rights for the benefit the state that they can account for their interests via the state. initially, any member such state must abide the rules and incur liability for their violation. however, currently existing states aiming the implementation public agreement are based human factor and prejudicial treatment leading corruption and manipulation. public agreement freeland provides for public coverage the conflicts controversial issues that the state faces. the priority solving these issues shall given the citizen the state, not separate official. someone tries violate civil rights the other citizens means committing crime reneging commitments, the rest the society shall protect themselves from the actions such individual. mfcoin the virtual state freeland what decentralized decision-making? decentralization the process redistributing dispersing functions, powers, people things away from central location authority. decentralized decision-making freeland shall feature voting system inside the virtual state based freeland blockchain. color teal: myth prospect? the concept the so-called teal organizations (or companies) has appeared only recently. such entities, the team works without direct hierarchy and solves all the assignments squads means self-management. there central body which accepts ready-made assignments and gives out tasks but intermediate management the system. usually, the assignments are being distributed from the outside environment (thirdparty clients), however, freeland the process works vice versa: the tasks are being distributed from within the society itself. before making any decision, the team member must consult the others about its reasonability. the same scheme potentially possible within community individuals when certain challenges set the jurisdiction behalf number citizens shall solved unified civil society freeland (however, this concept needs checked experimentally) utopia, reality business? freeland game, reality, and business altogether. the unpredictable result and outcome this experiment corresponds the game aspect. for many centuries humanity could only dream about such experiment, but who are lucky enough implement it. modern technologies able-to-get internet, blockchain, crypto-currency support the launch extra-territorial state with all the elements full-scale and efficient society. freeland reality. since has become obvious that the modus operandi state jurisdiction and management tend become less and less efficient, the external signs national identity (territory, language, currency, emblem, anthem, legal system and other out-of-date indicators) have lost their relevance and the society ready for new means social interaction, such means need introduced. impossible write them from scratch since one can guess the vector the social evolution and one ever had. the only way form new social standards carry out experiment where the society shall play the role the researcher and the underdog the same time. freeland potential business for every mfc-owner. are totally aware that the promotion freeland idea shall attract loads attention from the world community. not offer any new philosophy, just claim that the right moment launch ideal democracy and are ready create tools mfcoin the virtual state freeland for its implementation. isn't just society something that each one needs? big number participants will its turn lead mfc value escalation. legal? not print surrogate money. there are international signs that freeland illegal that violates any international legal standards: are not stock company that needs public. not challenge territorial integrity any state whatsoever. not violate international human rights. not undertake any commitments except for build-up social interaction the basis freeland blockchain principles. such union exists beyond current legal norms, therefore, does not violate them. how does mr. freeman come in? animated character mr. freeman non-commercial product and some sort digital messiah who brings along truly important idea that each and any human free and the freedom does not have acquired already within us. freeman's ideas led realization demand for extra-territorial (virtual) state with ideal democracy and self-regulatory society able form effective management tools. thanks mr. freeman the true idea freedom has been brought home millions people eastern and western europe. today freeman entering the rest the world with his public message. him, who going play the role symbol and voice freeland. mfcoin the virtual state freeland official freeland manifesto the modus operandi most jurisdictions today state harsh crisis even stagnation. change unlikely since all those systems are too rigid. however, the world around changing rapidly. our idea simple: create our own virtual jurisdiction with totally new society and up-to-date means management and control. the long run, could even get rid this stagnant system throughout the whole planet and create new one called freeland. the aforementioned idea has been occupying the minds the best sophists for centuries but was technically chimerical. any jurisdiction run the most ancient and inefficient tool ever people. the only operating link between them absolute subordination which entails corruption and crisis. nowadays, the total failure such system has proven itself: most innovative technological solutions all branches activity are being generated outside state control (evs, drones, alternate network protocols, blockchain technology, crypto-currency, car-sharing, crowdfunding, social networks, just mention few). change only possible new form e-agreement introduced for everyone, the so-called public agreement. the idea such treaty has been floating around for while, however, was technically impossible implement before. are creating virtual jurisdiction outside the bounds existing jurisdictions but with the prospect possible interaction with them. therefore, due course will have change the status the virtual jurisdiction becomes territorial one the framework the current international law.. what e-citizenship freeland? kak ustroeno elektronnoe grazhdanstvo? freeland electronic citizenship (or just: freeland citizenship) every citizen shall recorded not standard database but freeland blockchain which also stores the following data: mfc transactions, wallet details, public information about freeland citizens, adopted laws, voting results, input data and evaluation results smart contract deals (both open and encrypted form), well all other freeland activities that need documentarily registered. mfcoin the virtual state freeland how can become citizen freeland? anyone can become citizen freeland and member ico two simple stages. the requirements include minimal investment the amount mfc the central freeland wallet and public voting. registration fee may change the result public voting freeland citizens. soon the money enters the central freeland wallet, the owner shall considered potential freeland citizen and shall deemed ready public discussion the agreement between him and freeland. then the candidate should fill the online form with questions potential freeland citizen (the form also needed prove that the candidate real person). the answers all the candidates shall published quarterly and will only available for viewing freeland citizens. the second stage voting all current freeland citizens with requirement qualified majority. those who have passed shall get notification about their newly-acquired status and information how get the freeland passport. those who failed the second stage shall get all the coins they paid the entrance fee back from the central freeland wallet. second citizenship application can submitted only one year. what are the features the personal account? mfc standard wallet: personal online account shall provide for the following options and tools: mfc wallet number transactions number unconfirmed transactions mfc transfer mfc request/receipt address book freeland citizenship application form (if the amount the account not less than mfc and the citizenship has not been acquired yet)) data the virtual jurisdiction for freeland citizens: details the electronic passport (name the owner, date issue) electronic signature setup and registration form smart-contract launch form waiver freeland citizenship how the citizenship recorded the system? the fact freeland citizenship obtainment shall recorded the blockchain for security reasons since after publication this data cannot altered, corrected deleted. the following details shall stored the blockchain: personal index number the registered citizen, his unique name and number his mfc wallet, date and time the citizenship obtainment, date citizenship fee transfer the central freeland wallet. can opt out freeland citizenship? freeland citizenship can deactivated means sending public notice from the personal account the citizen and means simple identification the user case third-party user gained access the account. after the citizenship refusal the citizenship fee shall not returned and shall kept freeland treasury. however, this procedure may change and shall regulated public voting freeland citizens. mfcoin the virtual state freeland can delete the history performance and activities inside freeland? no, this impossible, since all the data concerning citizenship, documents, crypto-currency, laws and other activities inside freeland recorded inside the blockchain and event shall deleted. accepting the citizenship, the potential candidate agrees with these terms and conditions and claims that fully understands their consequences. passport freeland citizen: details and odds how can obtain passport freeland citizen? passport freeland citizen electronic paper document which confirms the participation this that person freeland life and activities. every passport holder has his liabilities liaison with state decision-making that requires public voting. initially, passport freeland citizen does not provide for any international preferences until the very moment establishment interaction with other jurisdictions. what are the perks freeland citizenship? creation and execution financial tools and products with brand new spectrum legit and user-friendly jurisdiction. open exploitation all freeland informational perks including smartcontract execution tools. acquisition consultative voice the process legislation and charter buildup. resources for high capitalization personal assets invested the financial system the new jurisdiction. participation the state financial system buildup with right make decisions within financial leverage bodies. participation userfriendly jurisdiction buildup for the personal existing business. participation the initiative with huge resources. lobbying potential reclaiming new market niche new jurisdiction without any corruptive anti-ethical ways. anonymity option for freeland citizens? freeland civil society where people use their real names from everyday life for the sake communication security. however, each citizen has choice whether indicate his real name the open not. mfcoin the virtual state freeland what are the so-called smart-contracts? smart-contract description terms and conditions and the algorithm execution thereof stored decentralized environment without any human influence the final evaluation. there also exist contractual relations (relations between two human agents) which can self-running and self-sufficient full part. all the data the smart-contracts shall stored open encrypted form (as the wish the agent) additions freeland blockchain who the signer the smart-contract? parties that accepted the terms and conditions electronic signatures shall the signers the smart-contracts. number personal mfc-wallet and other electronic signatures accepted freeland shall serve proper signature. what are the terms and the subject smart-contract? only the object that inside the environment the smart-contract can the subject the contract. alternatively, the smart-contract should have direct access its subject without any human interference. this issue can part solved means availability unique mfc-wallets and electronic passports freeland which can extra sources data occurrence (fulfilment and nonfulfilment terms and conditions) for the smart-contracts. terms and conditions smart-contract shall have full mathematical description (the logic fulfilment and non-fulfilment the clauses) which can pre-programmed the smart-contract environment. mfcoin the virtual state freeland blockchain how does blockchain work? blockchain tool for storage incoming data (transactions, terms and conditions contracts, liabilities, penalties, payments, tracking information, document registration, etc.) which needs exact. blockchain also provides opportunity check the aforementioned data any moment time. any type data can stored blockchain: texts, pictures, digital information. the only (and the most important!) difference from other databases and their control systems decentralization. blockchain data not stored one place, spread through all the user computers included the chain. soon new activity takes place (execution new contract, coin transfer from one mfc-wallet another), once recorded the blockchain open encrypted way available for all blockchain users. record one the computers which are part the chain different from the same record the rest the computers (more than %), such blockchain shall deemed altered and shall excluded from the work process. due such system, hacking highly unlikely. hack blockchain one needs have access more than half the computers that participate and know their coordinates. blockchain technology really secure design and has high fault tolerance. what does "hash" stand for? hash hash code which the result processing certain data with hash function (hash-coding). hash-coding process which transforms large volumes data (millions bytes) into relatively short line (say, bytes), therefore, easy distinguish input data from any other data. hash used for quick knowing apart one type data from another without step-by-step (or more like byte byte) verification. one-time data hashing enough for comparing only the hashes. mfcoin blockchain what blockchain fork? number miners form several blocks time. there are cases when number new blocks consider one and the same block the preceding one thus forming temporary fork. data exchange with the unified network can limited since one the chains can developed within the limits local network. this case both chains can produced concurrently. when block retranslation restored, the network will automatically consider the longer chain the genuine one. both chains have the same length, concurrent development will last till one the chains creates new block. the newlybaked longer chain shall deemed genuine and the other chain shall cancelled. transactions within the cancelled chain shall deemed out the block and shall queued enter the main block. mfc awards for creating cancelled blocks shall not duplicated the other chain and shall disappear. where all the data recorded? digital records are tied blocks which, turn, are cryptographically and chronologically linked into chain means mathematical algorithms. each block connected with the previous one and contains number records. this the way blockchain formed, with all the initial data the beginning and new records the end. the set-up the blocks always consecutive. how can the accuracy data inside the blockchain verified blockchains are not stored one place. they are distributed among hundreds and even thousands computers all over the world. any network user has free access the current register which, therefore, transparent all the participants. the encrypting process known "hashing" executed huge number computes working one network. they all get the same result after the calculations, the block shall granted unique signature. soon the register updated with the new block, cannot modified anymore. so, there way such block can forged. only new records can added this block. the register being updated simultaneously for all the computers within the network. blockchain secure design due its decentralized nature, hacking only possible with the access more than half network computers. this technology keeps private data since the hashing process irreversible. even the original document modified later, will acquire new digital signature which will message about misfits within the system. what can recorded blockchain? any data concerning money transfer, granted loans, rights ownership, spousals, copyrights, deals, terms and conditions contracts can stored blockchain, pretty much anything. mfcoin blockchain blockchain data true and trustworthy? all the blocks and their contents are open for everyone all the time. anyone can read any block and see all the records therein. anyone can follow the blockchain concerning any object and see any data about its activities. thus, all the data inside blockchain can easily verified. there need trust other blockchain members since any piece information can doublechecked the chain itself. what data open and what data encrypted? the following data recorded open form: all public and official information about the virtual jurisdiction freeland; all mfc transactions; details electronic passports all freeland citizens; details passports all freeland citizens; all freeland voting results and agenda; adopted laws, norms and legal acts. mfcoin blockchain the following data recorded encrypted form only for freeland citizens: details private smart-contracts; other private information which kept encrypted form the citizens. cryptocurrency what crypto-currency? crypto-currency digital asset designed work medium exchange using cryptography (electronic signature based the system with open key, sequential hashing) secure the transactions and control the creation additional units (coins) the currency. crypto-currencies use decentralized control and are secure design. transaction data usually not encrypted and available its open form. what transaction block? transaction block block data which contains records executed transactions between crypto-currency owners. blocks confirmed the network contain information about transactions that already took place. there are also unconfirmed blocks which contain data about recent transactions which haven't been recorded into the previous blocks yet and are awaiting confirmation. what mining? mining the only means getting crypto-currencies. the process releasing coins into circulation based solving math tasks the computers all over the world but within the network. mining secure nature since decentralized process. all network transactions shall recorded into the blockchain available all the users. miners have figure out the only hash that match all the new transactions and the secret key for reward. big number miners are trying get the reward for one and the same block the same time. when the hash figured out and new block added the blockchain, the miner who successfully added the block awarded newly generated coins. the miners transfer the next block. mfcoin crypto-currency what are the pow and pos protocols? proof-of-work and proof-of-stake are the two most well-known algorithms crypto-currency consensus. they provide for two different mechanisms proving the amount work done. proof-of-work economic measure deter dos-attacks and other service abuses such spam network requiring some work from the service requester. has two key features: the work must hard and labour-intensive; the result must easy and fast check. pow tasks require large computation capacities. such computations can carried out only interactive mode and the level complexity very high, while the revision process fast and simple. the units can make sure that miner found correct task but impossible predict what miner shall figure out the block due highly labour-intensive and incidental nature the process. therefore, each block shows that certain work has been carried out figure out. high complexity level the process secures the blockchain from unauthorized access and double costs. computing powers used for hashing are huge and overtop the capacities the most power-packed super computers, time, pow became monster swallowing enormous doses electricity. this how its first alternative appeared and that proof-of-stake. proof-of-stake provides for data hashing search for result with value less than estimated one, however, the complexity spread proportionally and compliance with the balance the unit (that is, compliance with the amount coins the user's account). therefore, unit with large balance has bigger chance mine next block. such scheme looks more attractive due modest requirements the computing capacity and wasted capacities. what pol? proof-of-labour function getting mfc from the central freeland wallet (pre-mining zero block budget) for the benefit users doing certain type work for freeland. cost estimation executed means negotiation between freeland founders and executor. security protocol: mfcoin proof-of-work proof-of-labour. parameters osnovnye parametry mfc mfc clone well-known crypto-currency litecoin. mfcoin crypto-currency hashing algorithm: scrypt. twofold cutback the reward for the mined block: once for each blocks. time required mine new block: minutes pre-mining: mfc [proof-of-labour budget]. remuneration for each block: mfc. total amout coins: mfc. what kind software required? before dealing with any crypto-currency one needs open wallet which unique digital address and serves and user the system. such wallet can launched through certain web-services installed the gadget. further emissions after all the coins are issued, freeland citizens will make decision concerning further mfc emissions and means thereof. this clause shall part smartcontract freeland blockchain which specifies all mfc rules that come into effect after the mining the first emission completed. trading mfc planned enter several stock exchanges for free circulation and potential fast purchase using other crypto-currencies. wallets for desktop offer multi-platform solutions. there are clients available for windows, linux (ubuntu) and mac (os x): mac (os mfcoin-qt-osx-v.dmg linux (ubuntu) mfcoin-android.apk windows mfcoin-qt.exe android-wallet secured wallet for android which doesn't require local blockchain copy. also very economical terms traffic usage and battery life. this wallet supports bitcoin litecoin. web/mobile-wallet universal web-wallet available for all platforms, including mobile platforms, iphone and android. all the important data including the keys stored the client's side, the users keep total control over their coins. the wallet itself shall stored our servers. paperback wallet one the most popular ways secured crypto-currency storage paperback wallet. provide the service for generating paper wallet code qr-code which needs printed). mfcoin crypto-currency what the legal status mfc? now, mfc has the same legal status other crypto-currencies: bitcoin, litecoin, etherium, etc. their legal status varies different jurisdictions and not stable, however, not the currencies and their circulation that limited but their exploitation fraudulent schemes and other criminal activities. rumour has it, crypto-currency financial bubble ponzi scheme. that so? no, not. crypto-currencies are secured against natural flow services and goods. since their amount limited, progressive deficiency starts unravel, thus the price the currency goes up. the demand goes down, also happens gradually and never tremendously (like what happens with financial pyramids), since the currency secured against goods, services and fiducial money. financial pyramids require constant fund raising and the income the preceding participants secured from the deposits the succeeding ones. such scheme guarantees cost escalation the pyramid surrogates certain moment. crypto-currencies not show stable growth and have the same stock indices those securities, natural resources, open joint stock companies. mfcoin crypto-currency freeland roadmap what has been done today? the following workload has been done: freeland concept and purposes have been specified. pool domains serving mfcoin and freeland has been registered. accounts all social networks have been registered. mfcoin and freeland names have been registered the wipo-system. mfc logo has been registered the wipo- system. freeland manifesto has been written. base for mfc currency has been prepped and mfc mining has been launched. mfcoin website with secure https protocol has been set motion.. near-term prospects the workload for the upcoming year follows: write freeland basic document freedom safety. launch registration system for citizens based freeland blockchain. create system issues voted based freeland blockchain. create voting system based freeland blockchain. start the delivery electronic and classic (paper) state passports. mfcoin freeland roadmap middle-term prospects the workload for the middle term follows: create smart-contract maintenance system based freeland blockchain. launch mechanisms social and interaction between citizens. make mfc one the top world crypto-currencies. establish freeland and its virtual ministry foreign affairs start diplomatic relations with classic state formations. long-term prospects the workload for the long term follows: carry out the largest the history humanity experiment launch absolute democratic society. form new efficient mechanisms social management and socalled teal jurisdiction. create the first ever electronic version public agreement. create the first virtual jurisdiction that has established diplomatic relations with classic state formations. bring home the whole world that mechanisms state structures are outdated and the society can function successfully out the bounds thereof. launch business-model service jurisdiction which provides certain services its citizens and companies. mfcoin freeland roadmap team mr. freeman project lead mr. freeman animated and digital entity which created the whole freeland project and specified all the basic notions freedom the modern digital world, both internal and social (external). freeman's audience features almost million beholders all over the world who can think and create. his influence the modern culture hard underestimate deny. during opening ceremony banksy's park dismaland london freeman was display all the screens symbol pure and absolute digital freedom. sergey barvenko tech lead private trader sergey one freeland founders. has higher financial and technical education with major information technologies. has been working financial and banking spheres starting from and currently acts personal trader and cryptocurrency consultant (since pavel cherkashin financial mentor managing partner, gva capital nikodim musatov conceptual mentor ceo, digital order nikodim one freeland masterminds. for over years, has been ceo his own teal company developer software, systems and network protocols. mfcoin team pavel one freeland founders, well the founder actis (part wunderman), adwatch (currently part aegis/ isobar) and sputnik labs (currently part technoserv a/s). "business angel-" according russian venture company. pavel held senior positions companies like adobe, siebel and microsoft. denis aleinikov legal advisor senior partner, aleinikov partners denis has -year professional experience consulting investment projects with participation foreign capital different sectors industry, energetics, infrastructure, real estate and construction, and public catering. according international rating lawyers chambers global denis "outstanding lawyer terms dispute settlement". denis has acted consultant for mcdonald's, british-american tobacco, haribo and other transnational corporations wide range issues connected with business affairs the territory belarus.