english whitepaper updated june summary introduction vision blockchain technology mindexcoin cryptocurrency roadmap mindexwallet mindexpay mindexcoin specifications airdrop pool introducion mindexcoin new way payment and global currency option. have constantly evolved, expanding our projects and each time conquering more. cryptocurrency the future financial transactions for the world economy and this longer hypothesis, but fact. blockchain technology has revolutionized all sectors human communication, bringing assertiveness, transparency and perfection all kinds systems that can imagined. the mindexcoin project has adapted, shaped itself the needs and requirements the market and developing, day after day, solid cryptocurrency and clear project. bigger, better, more effective. this the proposal our project about the cryptocurrency, wallet and payment system developed. vision with the conviction that the cryptocurrency the future the world economy, mindexcoin was developed under the vision covering all the technological areas successful cryptocurrency. from its ico period, bolder plans for the future, such its own wallet, system payments spread around the world, facilitating payments cryptocurrencies, and finally the development its own blockchain, elevating mic another level, placing high position among the main cryptocurrencies the world. therefore, through all these tools developed our team, intend generate more and more value the scenario and get credibility through service absolute quality and unquestionable, through the transparency and effectiveness systems and processes. blockchain technology blockchain technology has revolutionized many areas human current life. economics, education, science, health and even politics. have doubt that this technology marks new era for humanity, and also known that the blockchain still only its beginning exploration and use. knowing this, from the beginning its development, mindexcoin aimed develop its own blockchain technology. more transparent, faster, and safer transactions are consequences using blockchain the basis cryptocurrency. the development own blockchain for the mic fundamental place the currency the spotlight, providing even more effective service its users and generating credibility with the market cryptocurrency, placing mic among the greatest ones the market, generating value and increasing its volume considerably. therefore, mindexcoin has its project develop its own blockchain and, consequently, enable its mining, that users can capitalize through the mining fee, maximizing the security, transparency and speed their transactions, which will validated more and more decentralized mining machines. mindexcoin cryptocurreny faster, more transparent and secure cryptocurrency. mindexcoin has evolved and this shows how much its developers have been working make this project keep developing, increasing its credibility and popularity the cryptocurrencies market. january mindexcoin hired highly competent developers that, after many studies and analysis the technology, developed, based litecoin, own mindexcoin blockchain, letting ethereum token network and conquering its technological independence, expanding its possibilities. emitting new currencies made the new blockchain, mindexcoin aims position itself among the largest cryptocurrencies the market, both appreciation and marketing. currency specification name mindexcoin ticker mic total supply billion *fork litecoin version roadmap despite its short history, mindexcoin has gone through many important and highly relevant moments the cryptocurrencies market. round ico (all sold) dec round ico (all sold) dec round ico (all sold) dec round ico (all sold) dec mindexcoin international media feb mic tokens swap for new mindexcoin cryptocurrency feb launch new blockchain mar launch the apr airdrop pool system launch new exchanges apr may round ico (all sold) jan round ico (all sold) jan mic world event hong kong round ico (all sold) jan launch idax exchange may launch mining mic ethtoken feb launch the wallet pool system may start list exchanges (trade) feb launch digifinex exchange jun launch mindexwallet sep e-commerce mindexcoin jun launch mindexpay sep partnership with casinos jun listed coinmarketcap sep cloud mining jun event macau sep new blockchain announcement jan mindexwallet mindexwallet part the mindexcoin project and one the services that the developers make available the market, both value the currency and make life easier for those who buy cryptocurrencies. it's cryptocurrency storage wallet developed suply the users needs looking for faster, more practical and safer solution. mindexwallet has highly technological encrypted high security system that, addition protecting its users, provides practicality through the application available for both ios and android. enjoy this service, just access https://mindexwallet.com/ and register. mindexpay bold and looking revolutionizing the cryptocurrency market the world, mindexpay extremely safe and affordable cryptocurrency payment alternative, making easier for traders who want sell their products and receive cryptocurrencies. payment method that accepts cryptocurrencies. mindexpay fully accessible and global, with api for application ecommerce systems and very easy implemented. the goal diffuse and demystify the cryptocurrencies world becoming increasingly accessible and giving even more space for the movement the cryptocurrencies around the world. use mindexpay now and start earning cryptocurrencies, learn more at: https:// mindexpay.com/ mindexcoin specifications mindexcoin has its own blockchain technology from litecoin fork. check the currency specifications and other important data: total amount ,,, block generation time minutes decimals lites photons official site https://mindexcoin.com/ release date february th, block size blockchain browse https://mindexplorer.io/ wallet api document https://mindexplorer.io/info airdrop pool help with the stabilization and probable appreciation the currency, mindexcoin has developed the airdrop pool. only the mindexcoin that were mindexwallet before the launch the new blockchain will this system. will available, from the airdrop pool your mindexwallet, mic per month, automatically. this measure was taken prevent massive sale the currency, leading devaluation. the user will receive his mindexwallet automatically days and each month, totaling per month. that is, the mic's automatically left the airdrop pool and are transferred your mindexwallet. mindexcoin counts the understanding all its users, who will the main beneficiaries with the airdrop pool measure.