what minex? minex investment project, where are inviting you participate. many owners mining hardware not have in-depth understanding how particular coin mined and rent out their storage. our team monitoring wide range coins, choosing those which are the most profitable for mining. rent and redirect storage considering all aspects and technical nuances and minimize potential risks, which can arise the mining. now want increase our working capital conducting the ico campaign. our project priority assure profesional work for meeting the interests our investors. about minex team our team consists people, who have worked crypto industry for long time. was hobby for first, but now turned into major activity. one our activity areas mining with the use rented storage. our expertise and perservance allow achieve successful results the work do. ico campaign the ico will take place the bitcointalk forum from ... the ico will considered successful when the amount btc reached, otherwise all raised funds will sent back. when the funds the amount btc* are raised, the ico will considered finished. all funds raised above this sum will sent back. participate the ico, you need fill out google form (address) and transfer funds the bitcoin address that we'll send you. tokens will created using waves platform. the day after the ico, will transfer the tokens the specified waves address. there will million tokens issued, which then will distributed among investors (%). the ico will ended when the target btc reached, therefore may end earlier ... return and return distribution two days after the ico, the minex team will start distribute with the investor's funds. the planned return least per month the light all the circumstances. the monthly return distribution will follows: will used redeem the tokens the stock exchange, which will burnt, will cover the replenishment the working capital and the remaining the remuneration the minex team. tokens will redeemed the current price the stock exchange within days after the announcement data return for the previous month. data return will published our website. roadmap ico campaign token distribution working with the raised funds selling stock exchanges launching the website faq how long will your project last? are aiming the long term. why are you raising only btc? this amount optimal for working the rental market. you said the return was% per month, don't you think not enough? perhaps you're right, given the minimum risks, this return quite good, but are going work achieve better results. are you planning promote your project prior conducting ico, for example, launching bounty campaign? no. why your team anonymous? are going conduct our activities anonymously first. understand that this may scare away potential investors, but after much reflection, have not found the way conduct our activities open manner. the main reason that our country has not determined the legal status mining and crypto-currencies, which puts our activity risk. also live calm and relaxed life and not want become public figures this stage. what you decide end the project? the project, the total amount working capital will invoiced for redemption the remaining tokens price calculated the formula: the amount working capital the number not burnt tokens. why have you opted for waves platform create tokens? first, wanted use etherium platform but recently the etherium network experiences some problems relating performance, and have opted for waves platform, which less popular but stably works and has future. are you planning sell your token stock exchanges? course. with this, we'll achieve twofold result. firstly, will provide our investors with the opportunity sell their assets needed. secondly, we'll implement mechanism enabling the redemption tokens.