the future social networks version let's take back the social network... while generally expected that professional content owners such singers, songwriters, and other digital rights holders are able monetize their content, content creators outside this traditional model not benefit from the economic value they generate social networks. increasingly, valuable content generated from all walks life, through video blogs, audio/podcasting, live-streams, and the like. believe that everyone who adds value the network should benefit from their work. realize this future where all participants the social media ecosystem can rewarded for their contributions their social network, are very excited launch the mithril (mith) token. whether you are popular celebrity, admired livestreamer, everyday user, you can participate network value that you help create through social mining mithril. mith tokens can earned through social mining across accepted social networks, starting with the launch the lit platform. welcome you join and the mithril team take back the social network. jeffrey huang (huang cheng aka machi big brother (ma founder, mithril table contents let's take back the social network... table contents introduction mithril solution overview mithril token social mining social mining example mithril vault mithril platform mithril merchant network lit: launchpad for decentralized social networks lit overview stories overview lit camera video lit story feed lit chatroom lit discover lit profile token distribution roadmap team advisors partners disclaimer introduction mithril decentralized social media platform the ethereum blockchain. mithril will integrate into new and existing social media networks reward content creators for contributions the network call this social mining. mithril (mith) will leverage blockchain technology ensure that transactions are secure and safe for all participants. this technology revolves around decentralized data storage that can record transactions between parties efficient, trustless, and immutable manner. mith will launch utility token lit, innovative social media platform that addresses the needs this current generation users. this younger generation social media users seeks platform that addresses both their needs early crypto adopters well their evolving needs social media. features such instant messaging, story feeds, and discovery new friends are all built into lit for launch. lit will enable social mining mith reward users for contributing their personal content the network, and provide the mithril vault for its users store, use, and exchange mith for btc and eth. lit will seamlessly integrate into into major social networks help users more easily monetize their personal content. with mith tokens, users will able spend across the mith application ecosystem, such dating services, premium content channels, and live-stream applications. the mithril merchant network aims allow retail acceptance mith payment method, beginning with retailers taiwan and hong kong launch. the mith network, armed with its user base social influencers, will highly-desirable customer base which mithril merchant network partners will benefit through deep mith integration. mithril founded the team behind media, with advisors from pantera capital, sora ventures, qtum foundation, amis, and blockstate. join the discussion telegram https://t.me/mithrilchat and follow twitter @mithriltoken for the latest updates. lit has been developed fully integrate with the mith token, and has laid out three-part plan establish and grow mithril's network value: drive network and user adoption for the mithril platform. develop system rewards and benefits for users and partners. enable mobile wallet spend mith both retail and online mithril merchants lit will serve the leading platform illustrate the network value decentralized contributor model and act the cornerstone for future digital and social media networks. the mithril team will assist integrating the mithril ecosystem into our launch partner social media platforms and help bring their users into the mithril network. mithril solution overview mithril token the mithril token erc- token. the mithril team has implemented exciting new features help rebalance the current social network ecosystem. are implementing new mining concept term "social mining". social mining seeks automate content monetization and will equitably reward all content contributors with mith. our decentralized model will give power back the content creators, thus providing incentive for content creators deliver quality content and attract highly-influential users and viewers. this the genesis the mithril ecosystem. with the large influx quality users and viewers, believe that the mithril ecosystem will quickly generate significant amounts revenue for mithril partners and their content producers, thus making the mithril network more sticky for both content creators well mithril partners. this creates virtuous cycle that enables sustainable growth. another feature the mithril ecosystem the mithril vault. mithril partner platforms and users can leverage this tool track, maintain, and manage their mith across multiple networks. ease use and security priority for the mithril vault. seek provide seamless integration the mithril vault across all partner platforms. social mining new concept that integral the new mithril ecosystem social mining. the idea simple. users produces valuable, user-generated content the network, they will earn mith via social mining. their mining rewards will directly linked their influence and success contributor the network. the more network value they bring the platform, the more mith they will earn. all mining efforts and rewards will initially transact via the ethereum network. the total mithril pool will available for users mine via social mining. for the next several years, total million mithril will distributed users the mithril network through social mining. the mithril quantity that available for discovery will halved annually over the course predetermined number years. the end this mining period, all million mithril will have been mined and distributed. social mining will have distribution controls that will act similarly bitcoin's dynamic difficulty retargeting adjustments. the above graph displays the mithril distribution model via social mining. this model awards early adoption the mithril token, social mining rewards are reduced exponentially. initially, network growth will driven via larger mith mining rewards. mithril user base and network scales, mithril's network value will increase accordingly, allowing the lower mith reward continue effective incentive for social mining continue. all social mining transactions will verified and secured via ethereum smart contracts, providing safe and reliable infrastructure for social mining. all transactions can tracked and verified the ethereum blockchain, creating much-desired transparency for all users and partners the mithril network. below the technical breakdown social mining: social mining example this example, have users: david, bob, and carol. they are new users mithril and have mith each. over the span one week, david contributes stories one mithril's partner platforms and receives views and hearts, bob contributes stories and receives views with hearts, and carol contributes nothing the network. using our social mining algorithm, while setting the current per view weight and the per heart weight david will have mined ore, bob ore, while carol has mined ore. based preset calculations, the total mithril reward for this week period was automatically determined mith. based the purity weight the three miners, david will receive mith, bob has earned mith, while carol will receive nothing. mithril vault the mithril vault will easy-to-use transaction system for each user and partner platform manage, secure, and spend their mithril. seek lower the barrier entry for users all platforms and allow for cross-platform integration the vault. the mithril vault will feature reward estimation tools that can estimate user's mithril reward based their recent contributions. the reward estimation tools will show users rough estimate their potential social mining rewards. mithril platform the ultimate goal the mithril team become the best and most optimized blockchain for social network applications. the first step achieving this goal integrate mith into all major social networks. mithril features are intended leveraged across any major social media give all users direct impact over their social content ownership, thus awarding them for their work any relevant social network. furthermore, are exploring mith acceptance partner apps and services, where mith may accepted form social currency pay for premium features and services these platforms. the mithril integration protocol designed for seamless integrations between social networks and the mithril ecosystem. through this protocol, intend make integration the mith token, social mining, mithril vault, mithril merchant network, and other mithril features easy for major social networks. blockchain platforms continue evolve, intend continually assess platforms for their ability support the best and most optimized social network token. scalability, transaction cost, and community support are the top metrics which will measure platform viability. mithril evolves, intend keep close watch leading ethereum scalability solutions such plasma raiden network well platforms outside ethereum, such eos and zilliqa finally, intend explore the option launching our own mithril blockchain best address the needs social network applications, swapping all erc- mith token holders onto our mainnet tokens. mithril merchant network addition having apps and services accept mith payment, are also working toward broader merchant network across physical, brick-and-mortar retail acceptance mith. among the first retail partners that will accept mith launch inst.recycle, taiwan's largest celebrity vintage and used clothing retailer. join the mithril merchant network, contact merchants@mith.io https://www.gq.com.tw/fashion/fashion-news/content-.html lit: launchpad for decentralized social networks lit overview globally, billion people use social tools and networks establish connections and communities within the world around them. the frequent sharing individual's life considered normal and major part our always connected social society. stories are recent new social trend that has been making huge waves the social content world. lit offers feature-rich and well designed stories platform that directly integrates into the mithril ecosystem. users share their stories via lit stories, users can rewarded with mithril tokens based their stories impact and influence across the network. stories overview stories time sensitive sharing feature that gives content producers way share small intimate glimpses their life with their friends, family, and the general public. within hours, the story will automatically removed from the platform. stories can consist individual photos, slideshows, videos, posts, etc. users can choose share their stories publicly privately. this allows users carefree about sharing their own life while maintaining their privacy level which they are most comfortable. this sharing model was first implemented snapchat and has since been leading feature among top social media platforms. six months after the launch instagram's stories feature, instagram added million additional users, and the platform grew over million active users. instagram stories had huge growth impact their platform and helped boost its popularity. surprising but also exciting statistic that approximately one-third the stories that are actively followed are directly associated with business accounts, which directly suggests that stories would excellent tool for businesses leverage for their digital marketing campaigns and goals. lit camera video lit will directly integrate with mobile device cameras and apply advanced and modern camera algorithms give lit users the tools and features take the best looking pictures. addition, lit video will connect directly with users' cameras for feature-rich video recording, providing all users the ability record high-quality videos seconds length. lit will also provide superior filters, effects, and retouching options for beautiful photo/video retouching and improvement options. the combination technology and post-effects will allow lit users the capability sharing and showcasing their life through the best lens. all lit camera and videos can directly posted lit features such stories, chat room, etc. lit story feed the story feed will the most active and important feature lit. the story feed will allow users have quick and easy access stories across the social network. the story feed will feature stories friends and followed feeds and put them right the fingertips lit network users. intuitive gestures and navigation will implemented provide seamless, fast, and simple user experience. the community interaction functionality the story feed top priority for our team. have given our story readers the ability connect with their family, friends, communities, and fan base with the addition the heart and story message feature implemented directly into the story feed. with fast and simple gestures, our team focuses allowing any user able quickly access, share, and give and receive feedback their stories feed. lit chatroom lit will also feature interactive chat system that can facilitate private conversations between friends addition hosting groups, and community chat rooms. the lit chat feature will allow for sharing stories between friends, groups, and communities. lit discover lit discover feature for those looking connect with more people, groups, and communities that share similar interests. will feature news, business, media, and celebrity story feeds based the user's current trending interests calculated via data collection algorithms based user selection. this feature will also include friends friends, interests groups, category feeds, etc. which lit discover feeds will cater user interests and help facilitate more active and community enriched social life. lit profile the lit profile the centerpiece each user's personal data, managing and storing their current stories, shared stories, and saved user content. addition this profile, all users can view their current mithril availability and will help connect all users mithril features such social mining and the mithril wallet. the lit public profile will present user selected stories, content and data for the general public view and access. the public profile will engaging billboard for users have user-customized filtered view each's personal information. token distribution token exchange the token exchange takes place two rounds private placements. the first round placement has ended. development team our team committed long-term growth. team tokens will vest over years with one year cliff. community development there will several bounties program, security testing, and smart contract auditing. will also provide incentives for early adopters and key influencers. early backers and advisors future reserves social mining the participants the mithril ecosystem will receive rewards based their contribution the social network. contributors provide valuable content and increase network value, they will receive mining rewards. mining rewards will decrease annually for the next several years the mithril ecosystem. roadmap team jeffrey huang founder jeffrey huang (huang cheng aka machi big brother (ma taiwanese-american music, entertainment, and technology industry leader based out taipei, taiwan. jeff has always taken interest new technologies early adopter, starting far back during the dot-com bubble and later evolving into his most recent realization, media. his pursuits newly trending technologies has actively kept him ahead the curve and true industry leader. his most recent project, media, the number live-streaming app developed asia. the mobile app quickly became the most popular app taiwan, malaysia, hong kong, singapore and indonesia. with its recent foray into the japanese market, media intends multi-regional online media giant that challenges and seeks displace the traditional media yesterday. wilson huang cryptocurrency researcher linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/wilsonhuangji github: https://github.com/huangji wilson huang software developer with years experience and researcher cryptocurrency, blockchain, and distributed consensus algorithm for years. wilson also co-founded hackoin, which provides such versatile consulting services cryptocurrency, mining, and blockchain industry. roy lin product manager linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/roy-lin roy has years experience product development and years experience cryptocurrency research. has also been charge planning and driving flagship product launches for various companies, resulted ,,+ users. li-chun yang senior developer linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/asoul github https://github.com/asoul li-chun yang our senior developer. his responsibility comprises wide spectrum from website development and backend services smart contracting. experienced building large-scale servers with high availability. also early cryptocurrency miner who helps build ethereum mining rigs. chiao-yen chang senior android developer linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/chiao-yen-chang chiao-yen senior android/ios developer with years experience. has actively participated the development e-learning and systems with leading-edge technologies. the products that previously developed has accumulated ,,+ downloads. alex huang senior ios developer linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexhuangtung alex senior ios developer with strong coding competence. experienced building apps from scratch within startups, capable developing and maintaining several apps once. under his pursuit for exact, voicetube was awarded with "fbstart app the year among more than one thousand contestants from countries. ching-wen yang ui/ux designer linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/chingwen-yang behance https://www.behance.net/ching-yang ching-wen our ui/ux designer, she responsible for branding and graphic design. she devotes time and passion drawing and designing ensure the perfection our graphics. yvonne chen marketing manager linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/yvonneyuwenchen/ yvonne has years experience marketing and responsible for developing marketing strategies that coheres company objectives. having completed the google ignite program, digital marketing her specific expertise. she passionate about technology and dedicated helping people learn about it. advisors paul veradittakit partner, pantera capital linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/veradittakit/ alex liu ceo, maicoin amis linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/alex-liu-b/ jason fang managing partner, sora ventures linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jason-fang-b/ stella kung head and marketing, qtum foundation linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/stella-kung-ba/ leo cheng principal, blockstate linkedin: ttps://www.linkedin.com/in/leocheng/ partners qtum foundation https://qtum.org/ sora foundation http://www.soratoken.com/ blockstate http://blockstate.co/ disclaimer this whitepaper has been prepared solely for the purpose informing potential contributors the mithril ecosystem with respect proposed technical implementation of, and architecture for, the mithril ecosystem. this whitepaper non-binding all respects and does not create any legal obligation any kind any person (including lit). the following intended outline our general product direction. intended for information purposes only, and may not incorporated into any contract. not commitment deliver any material, code, functionality, and should not relied upon making purchasing decisions. the ultimate implementation the mithril ecosystem dependent upon several factors and risks outside the control lit, including regulatory risks, contributor participation, the adoption blockchain technology and the continued use and adoption the ethereum network. nothing this whitepaper otherwise shall require lit take any steps develop otherwise implement the mithril ecosystem. lit reserves the right abandon the mithril ecosystem and/or change the implementation the mithril ecosystem contemplated this whitepaper any time and for any reason. prospective users the mithril ecosystem and other contributors the mithril ecosystem are advised contribute and/or participate their own risk and without reliance any statement contained this whitepaper.