mmocoin cryptocurrency for gamers, gamers. white paper mmocoin introduction mmocoin the newest addition the growing synergy between cryptocurrency and online gamers. technology continues innovate and national borders are reduced thin lines map, online gamers require fast and user-friendly way share their resources. built top the mmopro community that boasts user count over mmocoin will quickly become the preferred choice for gamers trade increasingly more globalized and digital world. mmocoin history when video games made their introduction the world the the world was captivated the ability interact, control the lines black and white screen. was the first time could build narrative, matter how derivative, real time. interactive gameplay was born. the industry exploded with big box arcade games, home gaming consoles, and handheld gaming devices. and then, the internet changed everything. suddenly gamers could interact with each other. what was once solo venture with friend your living room, quickly became world-wide sensation. the speed the internet increased, innovation took over and brought all time greats like starcraft, runescape, world warcraft, league legends, just name few. cryptocurrency was the next phase innovation. currency that longer was inhibited national borders. store value that could used means acquiring your every need without trying figure out how pay someone euros when you only have dollars. world-wide gamers needed universal way trade resources advance their gaming experience. was match made heaven. mmocoin problem statement world where there are over cryptocurrencies existence, it's becoming harder for gamers exchange digital currency for the resources they seek. without dedicated currency for gamers, they are left use investor-centric currencies that are subject manipulation. and currently, there isn't cryptocurrency dedicated gamers, that actually used gamers. most these digital currencies are owned primarily financial investors who have very little use care for the purpose the product. additionally, many these "gamer coins" are distributed and managed non-gamers. it's like professional chef were give you medical advise. they may know what they're talking about, but wouldn't you rather hear from someone who actually knows? currently, there very little personal care and maintenance from those the front lines online gaming. mmocoin solution statement mmopro was founded year before bitcoin made its introduction the world. founded and maintained passionate, committed gamers who were looking for way bring other gamers together share knowledge and resources improve everyone's gaming experience. these same founders have recognized the power cryptocurrency and decided create and integrate mmocoin into their already strong user base. hiring some the smartest minds, mmopro has built cryptocurrency gamers, for gamers. with mmocoin, gamers will able buy, sell, and trade almost anything they need for their gaming experience. with single currency, dedicated gamers, users will able quickly and securely acquire exactly what they need for their next mission quest. mmocoin mmopro marketplace for years, mmopro has operated off rudimentary forum structure that allows users search out each other and trade. this process has served the community well for almost years. however, with the advancement web development and cryptocurrency, mmopro knew they needed remodel their process keep their users coming back. enter the mmopro marketplace. fully developed user experience that could rival the likes ebay. the easy use interface will make finding exactly what gamers need easier than ever before. broken down game, there are categories and subcategories locate exactly what each user need of. with the creation mmocoin, the mmopro marketplace will have dedicated payment option that users can use. with built-in escrow service, the chances user scammed out their purchase virtually zero. this the next step customer experience gamers have been looking for. mmocoin features mmocoin was written the script algorithm. created proof-of-work (pow) and proof-of-stake (pos) hybrid. the release mmocoins into circulation are first mined during the initial blocks (see right). after block mmocoins unique tiered staking takes over. this structure ensures slow, steady release coins into circulation. set reward those who have chosen take the highest ownership commitment (or risk) with the highest rewards. masternodes were option that was considered the team. however, staying true the vision mmocoin, maintaining maximum liquidity was important foster industry-specific utility coin. mmocoin contact information mmocoin email: mmoprodotorg@gmail.com website: https://mmocoin.pro community: https://www.mmopro.org/mmocoin/ github: https://github.com/mmo-coin/mmocoin social media twitter: https://twitter.com/mmoproofficial discord: https://discord.gg/yfeaup facebook: https://www.facebook.com/mmoprodotorg/ youtube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/uclufcpvzpzwbkornuloq/ telegram: https://t.me/mmoproofficial bitcointalk: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=