ideas aren't enough: does your credit union practice executable innovation? setting the stage for innovation the landscape for canadian businesses evolving rapidly, driven large part technological advances and consumers' growing demands for new options. from touch and voice commands blockchain and digital currencies, the pace change the financial services industry has accelerated, introducing both more choice for consumers and more complexity for all businesses, including financial institutions and credit unions. the speed, scope and power new technologies are improving how and what financial services are doing, making transformation critical component meet market demand and stay competitive. the status quo clearly unsustainable and canadian credit unions realize the value being ahead change: approximately percent financial and professional services organization decision makers say they are either undergoing anticipate business transformation the next months, according mnp's survey: the transformation wave: change and technology financial and professional services.* that's higher than the national industry average percent. the survey results, percent leaders said technology was driving change their organizations and percent indicated that technology advancement was underway their organization. however, percent said they face barriers successfully implementing transformation initiative. the results show, credit unions are far from being immune the wave innovation and transformation. many are grappling with understanding what they need change, how they are going implement that change and how make work for the organization and its members. drivers transformation financial services sector what are the primary external forces behind the business transformation change? (select all) financial and professional services all industries technology consumer market demand competitive forces environmental regulatory change millennial (generational) influences foreign markets natural cyclical merger acquisition the transformation wave: change and technology financial and professional services reflects the opinions canadian business decision makers polled online ipsos, between september and october ideas aren't enough: does your credit union practice executable innovation? building blocks innovation technological innovation about harnessing available technology appropriately for profitability and meeting consumer needs, traditional environments and the digital era. while disruptive technology the impetus for transformation for many organizations, the technologies they are using facilitate and accelerate transformation are mostly tactical, improving existing products and services; operational, i.e. fundamentally changing the way things are done; and strategic, changing the direction the business, rather than disruptive. change every way is your business currently experiencing anticipating business transformations over the next months? yes financial and professional services all industries tactical operational strategic doing what you are currently doing, better, faster cheaper doing what you are currently doing but fundamentally different way changing the course direction company from the mnp survey results, clear the majority canadian financial and professional services organizations percent) are undergoing least one type transformation, while half percent) are undergoing all three types; tactical, operational and strategic. what can learn that without effective change, credit unions stand lose out the competition. this competition has intensified include fintechs and growing online options all which benefit from much more efficient and less costly cloud-based technologies. ideas aren't enough: does your credit union practice executable innovation? building executable innovation framework remain relevant, competitive and provide the services members demand, forward-thinking credit unions are actively working towards change, starting with assessing their culture and operations. once culture and operations are assessed, executable innovation framework requires three key functional capabilities place and working together successful: generating great ideas, executing the concepts and integrating new ideas with the overall business. ideas execution generating great ideas integration mature organization able look the landscape where they operate, develop portfolio new ideas and approaches and then effectively filter them down the best options remain competitive and relative their users. ideas strategy and goal setting many falter bringing innovation fruition because they don't know what's important their credit union and their members. before adopting solution, know what the problem and what you want achieve. analytics and research compiling and analyzing data, both organizational and your members, you can determine what areas innovation there are, where there are gaps and what are the key areas invest in. idea generation take look what's happening around you, organization and member. what are the challenges facing both? what members want and need? avoid the trap only focusing competitors learn from other industries. screening and prioritization filter out what applicable your credit union and rate them scale importance your organization and your members. critically, remember ideas take time and are best captured with stress-free and creative mindset: the team occupied with operations during this stage will hard creative. strategy and goal setting analytics and research idea generation screening and prioritization ideas aren't enough: does your credit union practice executable innovation? executing the concepts once you've determined priorities for innovation, you need able out and execute them. while there are number processes available enable the delivery innovation, find the following components are essential execution. execution program management overseeing the big picture, which includes strategic, corporate execution number related projects the same time (executive driven). project management- being able execute against the project with defined methodology, directing, monitoring and controlling project from launch completion (mid-management driven). vendor and partner management need able draw your vendors and strategic partners support execution, either forming joint ventures service organizations, through bringing external consultants integrators. the credit union context, it's also about where you use the 'system' nationally provincially make that happen. development team capabilities project management capabilities, effective partner relationships and staff hand the programing, development and implementation are key success executing innovation. important first assess your requirements before committing process solution that can support execution. while programs are available support execution innovation, technology the enabler and not the solution the problem! ideas aren't enough: does your credit union practice executable innovation? integrating new ideas integration even game-changing capability won't get off the ground internal and external stakeholders aren't engaged and isn't integrated into the business holistic manner. for example, credit union may invest heavily building new app only have languish because neither employees nor members understand, need use it. decade ago, departments were technology investments, often without addressing business needs consumer demands. such investments tended costly and unsuccessful. currently, chief operating officer marketing officer uses consumer focus direct technology transformation initiatives, with being the enabler rather than the leader. ensure new technology integrated and fully adopted throughout the organization, keep these critical areas mind: management control systems make sure your organization has the ability measure the tools being used, how and whom. continuous improvement ensure there's cycle get feedback and then use the feedback make iterative changes. staff capabilities engage, coach and mentor your staff ensure strong capabilities take these new applications. member customer acceptance monitor and track user acceptance the innovation. while the above areas are critical integrating new ideas, the most important anchor for success culture and leadership. cornerstones success anchoring the functional capabilities transformative innovation are the functional attributes organization, i.e. culture and leadership. you can have all the above elements place but your culture has appetite for risk and the leadership isn't engaged, then one will want participate this process. culture ask yourself the following questions about your credit union's culture: empowerment does your staff feel comfortable bringing new ideas forward, they feel like owners processes that are being improved ideas being generated? culture risk taking you have culture encouraging smart risk taking; people have license fail, try new things? accountability there accountability? are staff being held accountable for decisions being made them? leadership sound governance and effective leadership over the change process essential deliver any innovation. governance the board plays vital role setting the tone the credit union and its desire innovate. leadership management accountable for delivery, ensuring risk and resource optimization. also, performs the hands-on work required facilitate transformation, understanding key objectives and ensuring all the moving parts are meeting expectations, deadlines and budgets. ideas aren't enough: does your credit union practice executable innovation? executable innovation: summary innovative credit unions share several key components. they have ability anticipate shape where their markets are heading, then act it. they fill previously unmet underserved member needs, boosting their member base and taking market share. however, this only happens credit unions can generate and prioritize ideas, execute concepts and integrate ideas into the business successfully. executable innovation your ability "get done" successful organizations never stop innovating, implementing continuous improvement both the incremental and transformative level, and learning from mistakes build something better. for credit unions, core products such accounts and credit cards are becoming commodities traded lower-cost providers and non-bank competitors such google, facebook and amazon which have more information about your members and what they need than you do. foundational attributes key functional capabilities the key success for credit union establishing how undergo effective transformation while staying true your core values member-owned cooperative financial institution. this includes engaging with both internal and external stakeholders and prioritizing innovations that will most benefit the credit union and your members. ideation execution integration strategy goal setting program management management control systems analytics research project management continuous improvement idea generation vendor partner management staff capabilities screening prioritization dev team capabilities member/customer acceptance risk-taking accountability culture empowerment leadership governance management ideas aren't enough: does your credit union practice executable innovation? are you ready execute innovation? take the test one way understand where there are possible barriers transformation assessing gaps your credit union's capacities. while not methodology for execution, the following scenarios can help you understand your strengths and weaknesses. know there are many things changing, but you're not sure what's important you your organization and members. have trouble getting idea from management board approval you operationalized into branches. come with what you think really good solution, but it's not embraced you the team not impactful members. you checked the box any the above, you likely have critical gaps executable innovation capabilities. and you aren't the only one: overwhelming number business leaders canada per cent, according mnp's transformation survey reported they contracted external services anticipate react the forces change. mnp's team here help you with the missing pieces executing innovation within your credit union. request full self-assessment your credit union's gaps executing innovation for more information how mnp can help, contact: annette bester national leader credit unions annette.bester@mnp.ca doug macdonald credit union consulting leader doug.macdonald@mnp.ca about mnp mnp leading national accounting, tax and business consulting firm for canada's credit unions. have invested more time and resources into understanding credit unions and their dynamic landscape than any other firm. proudly serving more than more than credit union across canada, mnp has developed diverse suite services designed strengthen credit union leadership, knowledge and financial position. delivering personalized solutions from local perspective, mnp committed helping credit unions succeed across the country. ideas aren't enough: does your credit union practice executable innovation?