foundation the moac platform: advancing performance with layered multi-blockchain architecture for enhanced smart contracting april xinle yang, xiaohu david chen, sha zhou ryan wang .moac foundation abstract the moac foundation (moac) has released next generation blockchain platform. with pioneering multi-blockchain architecture, moac not only addresses the performance and cost issues with existing blockchain systems, including bitcoin and ethereum, but also introduces new features that minimize the barrier entry for developers, users, businesses, and the entirety the blockchain ecosystem. the new platform achieves this using layered multi-blockchain architecture, blockchain sharding, microchain, smart contracts, and cross-chain capabilities. the underlying architecture the moac platform multi-blockchain consisting global primary blockchain, motherchain, and additional microchains. using blockchain sharding technology, microchain functions child blockchain within the platform that operates above the global motherchain, and responsible for smart contracts management. microchains also enable high volume transactions using variety consensus systems. consensus system agreement system that provides accountability and verification transactions. the platform's advanced layered multi-blockchain architecture increases overall transaction processing speeds faster (tps) than existing blockchain platforms. meanwhile, microchains enhance token concurrency rates times, for truly scalable solution. microchains significantly reduce the cost smart contract operations and allow developers rapidly test different application and service ideas. moac's microchains are able interconnect with all other non- moac blockchains using cross-chain capabilities. this allows both users and their decentralized applications (dapps) migrate easily the moac platform, with prior blockchain knowledge. also provides decentralized file storage solution which currently missing from other major blockchains. moac incentivizes mining well rewards for the entire ecosystem. the motherchain uses proven proof work (pow) model, similar ethereum, that miners and mining pools have opportunities participate mining the motherchain. the moac platform provides additional microchain mining and validation and provides mechanisms for mining from mobile devices, including smart phones. reducing the barrier entry for both mobile users and server farms, the moac platform offers truly scalable ecosystem for developers and their smart contracts, enabling developers create innovative dapps with lower operating costs, enhanced capabilities, and improved performance without reduction security. @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. table contents abstract table contents introduction problem statement multi-blockchain solution: the moac platform the moac platform motherchain the proof work blockchain smart contracts microchains microchains for variable consensus systems microchains service asynchronous smart contracts blockchain sharding cross-chain ready event handling mining wallet and payment system api security ecosystem community dapp developer benefits exchanges tokens moac coin market capitalization governance availability product evolution and roadmap team and history corporate profile team appendices appendix disclaimer appendix list terms @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. introduction blockchain technology, cryptocurrencies, and smart contracts have the potential change how developers build decentralized applications (dapps) and are already changing how the world conducts business. since the introduction bitcoin blockchain technology cryptocurrency has established itself decentralized ledger record for digital financial transactions store value. bitcoin functions using single decentralized consensus model provide transaction verification and security without centralized monetary authority. see https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf read more. platforms like ethereum made the concept smart contracts and dapps popular. smart contract computer program that directly controls the transfer digital currencies value based assets between parties under certain party developer defined programmatic conditions. read more https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/white-paper "dapp" decentralized application that does not rely central server function, and instead relies peer-to-peer (pp) networks similar bittorrent, napster, and kazaa interconnect. networks preserve optimal data transfer from multiple sources. smart contracts and dapps both use the blockchain for processing and storing data, well providing additional computing functionality. this unlike bitcoin, first generation blockchain, which purely transactional. since the creation bitcoin, blockchain technology (i.e., platforms and cryptocurrencies) has evolved the hope expanding function, performance, security, and scalability. solving these system challenges, user adoption will rise, satisfying innumerable business use cases. @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. this paper will outline groundbreaking solutions that combine existing blockchain best practices with new scalable multi-blockchain technologies that significantly advance smart contracting. this not theoretical paper and all the intellectual property this paper development, testing, and will soon production. problem statement existing technologies and blockchain platforms suffer from steep learning curves, unnecessary complexity, and high usage fees all which impact adoption and scalability. existing platforms have low performance transactions-per-second (tps), fixed consensus models, and are not able quickly adapt the ever growing needs developers. currently, mining the blockchain community highly centralized and doesn't properly incentivize new users and interested consumers due complexity and the cost required hardware. these blockchain platforms are also alienated from each other and unable communicate effectively with other cryptocurrencies, smart contracts, and blockchain systems. this has created highly segregated blockchain marketplace, separating platforms, technology, user-base, and industry. currently extremely challenging even for experienced technical developers build new blockchains. make matters even more complicated, most blockchains are difficult upgrade, and split participation inefficiently between users. @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. multi-blockchain solution: the moac platform the silicon valley based moac foundation (moac), has addressed the primary inefficiencies existing blockchain platforms developing multi-blockchain platform. the moac platform uses advanced layered architecture that lowers dapp developer costs, provides for scalability, and reduces development complexity while increasing transaction speeds and volume using sharding. moac leverages multi-blockchain within its platform, including motherchain proof work based blockchain) and microchains for smart contracts supporting multiple consensus models. the moac platform also has cross-chain capabilities interconnect microchains within the system and interconnect with party non-moac blockchain and cryptocurrencies. the moac platform separating balance transfer and smart contracts, the platform's advanced layered multi-blockchain architecture increases overall transaction processing speeds faster (tps) than ethereum. the moac architecture overviewed below, consisting motherchain event handling system, smart contracts microchains blockchain sharding, cross-chain capabilities, security, and api. motherchain the proof work blockchain intersystem motherchain not confused with moac describes proof work blockchain that handles data storage and compute processing for smart contracts and dapps. @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. proof work (pow) algorithm economic measure deter and ultimately prohibit third-party interference, including denial service attacks and other service and network abuse such spam. requiring some work from the service requester, usually equating committed processing time computer for completing specific processing tasks, erroneous system threats are eliminated. the moac platform, motherchain the public blockchain layer that processes balance transfers, blockchain operation, consensus, and data access. the platform also supports other consensus models using microchains. smart contracts microchains moac one the first blockchain solutions implement unique microchain per smart contract, providing for efficiency and scalability beyond existing solutions. the moac platform uses microchains separate processing tasks and isolate blockchain functions from business logic for each individual smart contract. providing each smart contract with its own unique microchain, enables smart contracts use variety consensus protocols and results wider range potential business logic use cases. developers have the freedom select the consensus protocol that best fits their use case and determine the number nodes allocated specific smart contract. all the states the smart contract are saved inside the local microchain and can write data the motherchain needed for finality. @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. microchains for variable consensus systems with the ability have microchains layer above the motherchain, each microchain can have its own unique consensus system and algorithm. for example, you could create microchain which uses proof stake consensus model specifically for scalable rapid high volume transactions. proof stake (pos) type algorithm which cryptocurrency blockchain network aims achieve distributed consensus. instead processing large amounts data like strictly proof work blockchain, proof stake blockchain relies validator nodes within network verify transactions. proof stake blockchains, the creator @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. the next sequential block chosen randomized algorithms based combination factors such wealth age (i.e., the stake). the advantage proof stake system that fully scalable for enterprise-level volume, energy efficient, and supports variable transactions. also increases verification capacity proportional the number nodes the network, and enables microtransactions within dapp microchains without having constantly access the motherchain. addition proof stake and proof work blockchains, the moac platform can also support additional plug-and-play consensus systems such proof activity, proof burn, proof elapsed time, etc. @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. microchains service since microchains are isolated, they can run variety virtual machines for smart contracting per instance basis. this enables microchains initiate wide range business logic and dapp use cases. addition, enables the use different file systems such ipfs, sensor networks for data storage, and microchains can even implemented artificial intelligence. since dapps are deployed developer-selected virtual machine, they not require additional programming. moac can run existing ethereum smart contracts with lower fees, and developers can leverage the platform's api expand existing smart contract functionality without having learn how program the blockchain. isolating each smart contract with its own unique virtual machine and microchain, the moac platform boosts smart contracting efficiency, allowing for more cost effective processing fees. this significantly lowers @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. the cost deployment for developers, and enables them build high transaction volume based dapps. asynchronous smart contracts using multi-blockchain architecture, the platform leverages asynchronous smart contracts with microchains accelerate dapp development and deployment. this advanced architecture design also extends the functionality solidity and ethereum smart contracts. the moac platform supports two types smart contracts: upper layer smart contract protocol based contract for defining consensus systems within microchain. microchain smart contracts also enable nodes register into mining pools. lower layer motherchain global smart contract defines the behavior the control flows multiple microchains including flushing, rewarding miners, and how punish bad actors. provides flexible environment enabling dapps use different kinds virtual machines including ethereum, java (jvm), and other developer- selected virtual machines. blockchain sharding the moac platform also provides blockchain sharding, feature horizontally partition data across multiple blockchains and nodes. existing blockchain solutions are inefficient and process the same task multiple times which degrades system performance. sharding helps using node based approach, providing more processing power proportional the number nodes the network. @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. when smart contracts are deployed developers will define the number service nodes, consensus protocol, block size, block generation time, and flush frequency. this will then form shard and provide byzantine fault tolerant solution for that smart contract, which then forms microchain. learn more https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/byzantine_fault_tolerance this very similar database sharding, however blockchain sharding type blockchain partitioning that separates very large blockchain nodes into smaller, faster, and more easily managed shards. using this solution, the platform able scale more effectively, significantly increasing transactions-per-second (tps) extending the network with more nodes. sharding subdivides the whole network into multiple shards, and long there are sufficient nodes each shard, the system still highly secure. this allows for secure processing parallel @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. transactions, further increasing the number transactions-per-second (tps) over existing blockchain solutions. cross-chain ready cross-chain functionality enables moac interact with variety blockchain systems within the platform well externally party blockchains and cryptocurrencies. the moac platform able swap blocks and data between multiple blockchains and use atomic swap based cross-chains. cross-chains are trust based system for atomically swapping cryptocurrencies single transaction between various blockchains and cryptocurrencies. the moac platform offers two types cross-chains: @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. cross-chains between microchains and blockchains within the moac platform atomic swap cross-chain transactions with other non-moac blockchain systems like bitcoin and ethereum event handling above the distributed network layer the motherchain event handling system for network event requests and replies. also processes control flow requests and can invoke smart contract related operations. the event handling system relays transaction calls between multiple layers within the platform multi-directionally, and primarily used for all balance transfers, global smart contract control, flushing, and other consensus related messaging. mining mining the process which transactions are verified. the means through which new moac coins are released and rewarded miners for the results their computing processing power and storage. the moac platform has two types mining: microchain mining the upper layer the moac platform where node verifies transactions for smart contracts and other consensus systems. each node rewarded for processing smart contracts and verifying transactions. mining for microchains will rewarded with moac tokens and tokens associated with that specific microchain. @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. motherchain mining the lower layer the proof work motherchain, which the foundational layer for data processing and storage. mining the motherchain functions similarly ethereum, and existing eth miners can easily switch moac. mining for the motherchain how miners can earn the moac cryptocurrency. wallet and payment system the moac platform features fully functional wallet protocol. this enables moac work with variety party wallet solutions. any wallet compatible with the moac protocol will work smoothly with the platform. addition, moac working with the developer community develop multiple open source web and desktop wallets which will work the web, windows, mac, ios, and android. @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. api the platform api provides quick start for dapp developers providing easy access points for dapps access blockchain specific functions without having know the specifics blockchain implementation. this enables developers build complex applications simply calling those functions from the moac platform. security moac prioritizes security first. when developing the platform, the moac team reviewed the security settings and measures all major blockchain systems order utilize the best practices the market. during their audit existing blockchain security, they found several vulnerabilities existing blockchain solutions and were able predict several exploits which have been patched the moac platform. when code committed the platform there thorough security review process place comply with all owasp top security vulnerability measures. the moac team partnership with other high profile security organizations has also prepared counter measures and solutions address common and future attacks. moac routinely employs contracted blackhat and whitehat security firms analyze the platform for vulnerabilities. moac will also issuing bounty program for exploits and bugs making more profitable for hackers inform security issues instead attempting ransom users. meanwhile, the platform's intelligently designed architecture isolates each microchain, limiting the potential attack capabilities each smart contract. @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. ecosystem community the core the moac platform are the users that power it, the developers who create dapps, the end-users who use those dapps, and the miners and node operators who keep the network running gracefully. moac will providing extensive wiki, tutorials, glossary terms, white papers, knowledge base, help desk, and other user resources, and committed staying actively engaged with user communities telegram, facebook, twitter, and other social media platforms. the moac platform can deployed onto all major operating systems such windows, mac and linux/unix. the first official moac client written golang and other languages will developed the future. @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. the community includes dapp labs encourage developer testing and experimentation, enabling developers test dapps isolation before releasing them the public network. testnet available and the moac explorer can found http:/ /explorer.moac.io/home. beyond cross-chain capabilities that enable interconnectivity with other blockchains and cryptocurrencies, the platform also runs foundational distributev network. using network, the platform able provide distributed network for dapps interact with each other. the network the underlying layer communication between any singular grouped nodes running the same protocol. node this use case refers client that sharing blocks and transactions across the network. nodes communicate sending messages using rlpx, encrypted and authenticated transport protocol. dapp developer benefits @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. quality service dapps will run more efficiently the moac platform when compared with other platforms. since ethereum limited its scalability and transactions-per-second, inherently cannot handle large transactions and computation volume. that why simple game like cryptokitties caused traffic jam the entire ethereum network. similar jam caused result apps apps running together ethereum could even more catastrophic. learn more http://www.bbc.com/news/technology- @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. cost very costly run smart contract dapp ethereum. each transaction initiated triggered the smart contract requires certain amount gas. the average amount gas per transaction very high, which means the cost per transaction very high. some smart contracts trigger many transactions, that means the developers users the smart contract must pay lot currency, crypto otherwise, maintain the dapp. the moac platform boasts lower-layer transaction costs /th the cost ethereum, and the upper layer contract calls are free. smart contract default block gas limit transaction fee global contract call ,-, ,-, direct contract call fee n/a bond configurable n/a deploy pay gas fee vnode pay gas fee maintenance microchain owner pay rewards scs fee user fee pay gas fee consensus flexible microchain, pow motherchain pow flexibility and simplicity most dapps only have their transaction logic ethereum, while the rest the logic and components are "off-the-chain" solutions,relying traditional server and databases, making them centralized systems. contrast, dapps deployed the moac platform maintain decentralization. moac also provides upper layer microchains for cpu computation, gpu computation, file storage, databases, and many other services, while maintaining decentralized structure. @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. cross-chain the moac platform the only blockchain platform available with cross-chain capabilities. now developers can switch between tokens within specific dapps and are not limited any specific platform technology. any bitcoin, ethereum, other cryptocurrency user will able interact with moac dapps without going back and forth between exchanges. without moac, user cannot easily process transaction between bitcoin and ethereum. unfortunately, each existing blockchain system like island, without any bridges between them. imagine world where every website and mobile app unable communicate via the internet and iot know today. moac cross-chain technology makes connectivity possible, potential yet realized the market with promising high-impact use cases the future. exchanges the exchange decentralized exchange (dex) for swapping various cryptocurrencies with centralized server party authority governance. instead governed decentralized system. within the platform, microchain can deployed provide the foundation the dex. addition, microchain based dex could developed gather trade information, match buyers and sellers, and provide the decentralized atomic swap for users. microchain can implement cross-chain consensus protocols and can provide miners access both. @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. the cross-chain consensus protocol utilizes unique features the platform create hash-and-time-locked transactions. microchain will provide the atomic swap function for exchange between the moac platform and external blockchain tokens. similar microchains can deployed enable the exchange between moac coins, btc, eth ltc. user holds all coins his wallet via dex until successful swap happens. unlike centralized exchange, the user benefits with reduced risk the coins being stolen. all dex exchange information public and available all, thus mitigating fake orders, and providing for healthier marketplace. tokens moac's smart contract system fully compatible with ethereum's evm system, supporting erc and erc token standards. moac coin market capitalization there are currently million moac coins circulation, with additional million reserve for total supply million moac coins. the for-profit entity holds million coins, and the moac foundation holds million. million funding the ongoing multiblockchain development. the value each moac coin fluctuates daily, and can found coinmarketcap.com. learn more https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/moac/ million additional coins per year will generated during mining, further increasing the supply circulation. after years, the production will halve @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. million, then will halve again the following years. the total supply will million coins governance moac blockchain tech, inc. (moac) will eventually managed the moac foundation, cooperative not-for-profit organization, founded singapore. the moac foundation the entity responsible for efficient use funds resulting from any token sales from the moac reserve. responsibility for all platform development (including development applications and associated services), ongoing maintenance, and support (including public educational content for the community) provided the moac foundation. the moac foundation's vision interconnect and grow blockchain markets through harmony, accessibility, and ease use. moac blockchain tech, inc. registered for-profit u.s. entity with executive offices palo alto, california and extended development teams beijing, china. moac platform implementation and deployment public network pangu release april smart network @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. availability product evolution and roadmap @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. team and history moac foundation. (moac) comprised cross-industry and multicultural blockchain leaders from finance, digital, software, and emerging tech markets, such vr/ar. the team's chairman, sha zhou, has been critical part transformative economic change beijing, china, authoring books blockchain and big data, and highly revered china's elite. his partner, blockchain influencer and designer motherchain, ceo david chen, year silicon valley veteran and also the ex-cto and founder jingtum (physical asset tokenization technology platform). xinle yang, moac's cto, leads the ongoing development the company's highly disruptive blockchain platform. was the scientist and engineer responsible for nike's e-commerce platforms which accounted for the company's yearly revenue. together, the team has gained market wide acclaim, brought moac product lines into reality with international tech patents, and successfully raised usd ico. corporate profile year founded: industry: blockchain, smart contract, software, emerging markets, fintech, technology employees: location: various executive offices palo alto, california with extended developer teams shanghai, china @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. team sha zhou founder david xiaohu chen ceo co-founder mr. sha zhou founded moac foundation has led and backed multiple high-tech companies, focusing blockchain, vr/ar, robotic engineer, and autopilot technology. the portfolio companies that sha invested and manages include jingtum tech, outpost, tersus, wellwit robotics,etc. sha has authored several books about blockchain and big data, such "blockchain world" and "blockchain and bigdata". sha has extensive technical and managerial experiences computer, communication and data networking industries. xinle yang cto co-founder xinle has spent the last years blockchain development and firmly believes that blockchain still its infancy, having the potential when mature change global economics. his early career, xinle was responsible for nike's multibillion dollar online ordering system, and has had extensive scientist and engineering roles walmart, intel, and imtt. david xiaohu chen blockchain theorist and cross-domain software engineerarchitect with extensive experience. david has deep passion emerging technology, having built his career silicon valley for decades executive technologist. such, was the cto and one the original founders jingtum, leading blockchain platform and solution provider for physical asset tokenization. ryan wang executive director ryan speaks worldwide technology and investment topics. currently oversees companies the u.s. and greater china, looking for unique and connected insights that could help launch technologies between both markets. ryan the co-founder and general partner outpost capital, leading cross-border early stage venture fund san francisco and beijing, focusing vr/ar, blockchain, and other technologies. @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. appendix disclaimer all the technology this paper currently early development, and subject future changes, improvements, and innovations. while moac blockchain tech, inc. does take security seriously, platforms may still have bugs, which why there bug bounty program. there warranty assurance that the process for creating and processing cryptocurrency the platform will uninterrupted error free, and there inherent risk that the software could contain defects, weaknesses, vulnerabilities, viruses, bugs. additionally, all cryptocurrency has risks associated with acquisition, storage, transfer, and use tokens coins, and the moac platform subject the same risks. for more information risks associated with using the moac platform please read our terms service our website. @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. appendix list terms bitcoin bitcoin distributed ledger based cryptocurrency that uses proof work consensus system requiring miners process the creation new coins. blockchain the underlying distributed database technology that powers decentralized ledger systems and cryptocurrencies. consensus system system, protocol, algorithm used reach general agreement. this context, referring blockchain based cryptocurrency agreeing the verification transaction smart contract. cross-chain the capability move data from one blockchain another using atomic swap exchange. cryptocurrency digital currency based distributed ledger powered blockchain technology. decentralization system that does not rely centralized authority for approving transactions. decentralized application (dapp) application where its backend code running decentralized peer-topeer network with multiple nodes hosts, vs. traditional cloud app that runs centralized server. @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. distributed computing network model where components software system are shared among multiple computers improve efficiency and performance. ethereum ethereum distributed computing platform for smart contracting that uses proof work consensus system requiring miners for processing data. microchain the upper transactional processing blockchain layer for the moac platform that operates per smart contract basis. moac moac blockchain tech, inc. and its team, that developed the moac platform. motherchain the bottom data processing and storage blockchain layer within the moac platform. the moac platform blockchain system created the moac foundation (moac). utilizes multi-blockchain architecture its underlying technology achieve high performance smart contract execution, increased transactions-per-second (tps), and improved scalability. multi-blockchain the architecture used the moac platform with motherchain its bottom primary blockchain and upper sharded children microchains. node redistribution point network, commonly used for connecting peers and/or verifying transactions. @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation. peer-to-peer network (pp) network where each computer can act server for others, and allow shared access files, data processing, and storage without the need for centralized server. proof stake type algorithm which cryptocurrency blockchain network aims achieve distributed consensus. the creator blocks chosen via various combinations selection such wealth age. proof work system, protocol, algorithm that economic measure deter denial services attacks and other service abuses such spam requiring computational work from the service requester, commonly processing time computer. sharding feature horizontally partition data and events across multiple blockchains and nodes. smart contact computer protocol intended digitally facilitate, verify, enforce the negotiation performance contract. smart contracts allow the transparent performance credible transactions without third parties. smart contract microchain smart contact microchain smart contract with its own unique blockchain, "microchain", providing for smart contract isolation between other smart contracts and more efficient overall systems. @moac foundation. all rights reserved. all content confidential and property moac foundation.