whitepaper mobilego token www.mobilego.io after two years development with gaming industry leaders, datcroft ltd., gamecredits close completion development the first crypto mobile gaming store. this mobile gaming store has proprietary payment gateway that allows gamers use gamecredits buy in-game content. gamecredits can acquired with credit cards and other local payment methods within this gateway. over games from developers are already signed and the gamecredits mobile store scheduled release early the mobilego crowdsale and mobilego token issuance will help fund marketing and branding the gamecredits' mobile store and the development smart contract technology within the platform using the ethereum blockchain. mobilego tokens will used gamify the mobile platform, and incentivize gamers for loyalty and participation through rewards. mobilego tokens will also allow smart contract technology. mobilego tokens will allow the development decentralized virtual mobile gamer marketplace, the ability for gamer vs. gamer decentralized match play, and decentralized tournaments run smart contracts. market and industry global gaming industry revenue was billion. the industry expected grow billion. http://resources.newzoo.com/global-mobile-market-report that growth, the global mobile gaming market the fastest growing sector. the mobile gaming market was billion current growth rates, the mobile gaming market expected grow billion *https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/global-games-market-reaches---billion--mobile-generating-/ the region greatest growth mobile gaming markets asia, which consists all smart phones users. http://resources.newzoo.com/global-mobile-market-report current mobile gaming platforms and stores the largest concentration mobile gaming platforms china. china represents the world's smartphone users. these smartphones are android. result, the majority mobile gaming revenues are generated android devices. china, there are over successful third party mobile stores. outside china, google play and apple currently control over the mobile gaming market, creating lack competition from other party gaming platforms. this monopolization the market puts major restrictions most gaming developers and gamers. the gamecredits mobile store alternative choice and the first one built around cryptocurrency solve issues the larger gaming industry. this mobile gaming store app final testing now and will available android early gamecredits gaming store and mobile platform current screenshots gamecredits mobile store: this mobile platform currently has over games from developers scheduled for its initial launch. estimate that this platform will have over games available for play sometime mid late names these games and developers will released beginning april benefits for game developers the response have received from game developers has been overwhelmingly positive. the reasons are many. currently game developers using google play and apple store pay their revenues these platforms. our platform revenue model will take only revenues. addition, mobile gaming companies have wait days for pay-outs. our platform will make payouts much more quickly. game developers also have long waiting periods have their new releases added these platforms. our platform allows for quick and easy integration sdks. achieve this having integration environment that allows developers upload their apk file. our system then checks google play for verification and downloads the vetted apk from there. this way, avoid any backlog while maintaining quality control. from there our system integrates the sdk and all connections without requiring any development resources from the game developer. average, games are added platforms like google play and apple every day.* the vast majority those are never seen games these platforms while the largest games such pokemon go, candy crush and clash clans are featured for months time. will actively work conjunction with developers help gain exposure our platform. *http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/apple-app-store-growing-by-over--apps-per-day- for complete list advantages our platform offers game developers www.gamecredits.com. benefits gamers gamers will get more for their money using our mobile store. game developers will incentivize gamers use gamecredits through in-game coupons and rewards. mobilego token holders will able earn additional dis-counts when using gamecredits purchase in-game content. our platform payment gateway allows gamers many more options for payment. google and apple only allow deposits from credits cards. the gamecredits mobile game app will allow the use credit cards, gamecredits, and local payment methods. unlike google and apple that have strict deposit limit amounts, our platform will allow for unlimited deposits. the opportunity with mobilego crowdsale with billion mobile market, acquiring just fraction market penetration results large revenues: market share alone million year. the mobilego crowdsale will fund expand more quickly acquire this market share. minimum all funds raised the crowdsale will used for marketing. large component marketing will direct gamer acquisition knows installs. installs will purchased from many different traffic sources, including facebook, google adwords, offer walls and specialized gaming traffic sources. addition traditional forms marketing, the functionality mobilego token smart contract technology allows create number unique value-added features for the mobile platform. mobilego tokens and the gamification the mobile platform gamers that use the mobile platform will create profile. profile will have certain social status based games played, referrals, and social interaction the platform. gamers that achieve certain levels status will rewarded with mobilego tokens. gamers that own have acquired certain number mobilego tokens may eligible for the following incentives: coupon reward discounts when using gamecredits purchase ingame content. free entrance into vip gaming tournaments with real cash prizes private beta testing certain new release games the store. real money tournaments through tournaments our mobile platform, aim duplicate the success that bigpoint had the pc/web gaming market. its height, bigpoint attracted hundreds thousands new users daily its web gaming platform having tournaments and free cash pools. the gamecredits mobile platform will have both centralized and decentralized gaming tournaments. decentralized tournaments decentralized tournaments the platform will set and run users the platform who have mobilego tokens. mobilego tokens will the only token the decentralized tournament ecosystem. firstblood plans use smart contracts allow gamers create tournaments for web/pc games, the gamecredits mobile store will similarly allow gamers create tournaments for mobile mmos. similar firstblood, these tournaments will under full control the players, with witnesses verify the tournaments. one difference that with the gamecredits mobile platform these tournaments will not need their own independent mobile app environment. instead, they will run inside the gamecredits mobile platform. centralized tournaments centralized gaming tournaments will run through gaming developers the platform promote their games. these tournaments will sponsored tournaments encourage player participation within particular game. gamers that have achieved certain profile status based mobilego tokens earned held may have special eligibility into some all these tournaments. decentralized virtual marketplace mobilego tokens will the centerpiece for decentralized virtual market-place within the gamecredits mobile platform. this marketplace will allow gamers trade virtual items from mobile games directly with each other using mobilego tokens. these trades will occur the ethereum blockchain. profit generation the mobile platform industry averages for the cost acquiring gamer range from $.. the average amount spent gamers mobile platforms ranges from $.-$.. estimate profits the platform will take the three largest markets asia, north american and western europe. average the marketing cost acquire gamer $.. the average revenue spent the platform month per gamer $.. with this example should expect for every spent marketing the platform receive monthly revenue baseline. addition, industry platform averages show that for every one gamer acquired for popular game you can expect two referrals. prefer project ratio gamer referral. therefore, for every spent will assume monthly revenue. adjust for monthly attrition rate, the total annual platform revenue would $.. our platform will take commission all game and in-game revenue. based these averages, expect make around annual commissions per gamer our platform. subtracting the cost acquire gamer ($.) our annual profit per gamer would $.. our goal profitable profits burn mobilego token will use percentage the profits from the gamecredits mobile store buy back and burn mobilego tokens. once the crowdsale completed, marketing fund will created with minimum funds raised. the allocation these resources and the profits that these resources generate will audited and made available mobilego token holders. percentage our profits will used continue marketing and percentage profits will used buy back mobilego tokens. allocation mobilego tokens million mobilego tokens will created. these will issued once the crowdsale completed. discounts will available for first day crowd sale participants. discounts may available for interested parties prior the crowd sale. for information contact crowdsale@mobilego.io. mobilego tokens can purchased with btc, eth, waves, and game. all funds will received and held multi-signature wallets. distribution mobilego tokens million total million crowdsale participants million retained the mobilego foundation for crowdsale marketing, mobile platform partnerships, employee expansion and future development over the next years. these tokens will held multi-signature wallet. distribution funds all funds received will disbursed the special company, established mobilego foundation. minimum towards direct marketing for gamer installs. for development decentralized virtual marketplace, decentralized gamer vs. gamer match wagering, and decentralized tournament environment. retained for legal, payment processing float, future development related gamification the mobile gaming platform and expansion related marketing. current development and release roadmap april may th: mobilego crowdsale may june: gamecredits mobile store public launch may june: gamecredits accepted for mobile store games and ingame content purchases june august: marketing funds deployed july august: first centralized tournaments platform complete gamification mobile platform including mobilego token integration into player profiles, statuses, and rewards complete decentralized virtual gamer marketplace complete integration decentralized gamer matches and decentralized gamer tournaments crowdsale schedule dates for the crowdsale launch april utc until may utc. this timeline will coincide closely with the public launch the gamecredits mobile store. official dates and discount schedules will announced the coming weeks. before the crowdsale begins, will begin releasing daily reports the details the games and game developers that will part our initial mobile platform release. mobilego tokens and gamecredits while they serve two separate functions, important note the symbiotic relationship between mobilego tokens and gamecredits. successful mobilego crowdsale should have positive impact the gamecredits ecosystem, economy and price financing the acquisition millions gamers for the gamecredits mobile gaming platform. the more gamers that use the gamecredits mobile platform the more gamecredits should purchased and spent games. this should create more demand for gamecredits. return, the success the platform should result large economy for the gamification the platform and the usability mobilego tokens including increased demand for the decentralized marketplace, decentralized tournaments and gamer vs. gamer matches. technical aspects issuance mobilego token dual blockchain issuance the mobilego token will the first crypto token simultaneously issued the waves platform and the ethereum platform. using new technology comprised web interface, locked wallets and smart contracts the ethereum side, mobilego tokens will dynamically interchangeable from one blockchain another the end user wishes. technical specifications the token has fixed supply million tokens, with the full supply created both blockchains. tokens purchased eth will released users' wallets the ethereum blockchain, with the balance being locked smart contract. tokens purchased fiat, game, btc and waves will released the waves blockchain, with the balance locked waves wallet. such, the balance the eth smart contract equal the liquidity the waves tokens, and the balance the waves locked wallet equal the liquidity the eth token. any point that eth token holder wants convert eth mobilego token for waves token, they send waves address and their eth tokens the smart contract, locking the eth tokens, and releasing the corresponding waves token sending them the nominated address. likewise, waves token holder wants move his token onto the eth blockchain they visit the web interface, nominate eth address, and send their waves token the locked wallet. the eth token forwarded immediately. any given moment there will more than million available (unlocked) mobilego tokens. example: million raised crowdsale: million raised eth million raised btc, game and waves million mobilego tokens issued the ethereum blockchain; million will sent users' wallets million will remain the smart contract million mobilego tokens issued waves blockchain; million will sent users' waves wallets million will remain locked waves node. proof concept proof concept smart contract and 'token flipper' nearing completion the smart contract code available for review https://etherscan.io/address/xceeababedfdafde#code advantage dual blockchains ethereum mentioned throughout the paper, smart contract technology will used implement many new decentralized features the gamecredits mobile gaming platform. waves waves offers several platform characteristics that find appealing. these include intuitively easy use universal chrome wallet and and the ability for fiat gateways. waves decentralized asset exchange allows for native token trading without inherent part regulation and fees. this exchange will used buy back mobilego tokens with platform profits. redundancy and sustainability another security advantage the dual blockchain issuance redundancy. any point the future critical technical issue were occur either the waves platform ethereum blockchain, mobilego tokens would have the capacity move the fully functioning and stable blockchain. since data would the blockchain, the event that one blockchain were become non-functioning, users would able sign transaction private blockchain proving their ownership. upon proof ownership, tokens would unlocked from the healthy remaining blockchain and issued owners. synergy mobilego tokens will built around synergistic alignment talents from different corners the crypto world. our core business model aims the first crypto project successfully bridge the gap between crypto technologies and the elusive global mainstream consumer base. mobilego tokens will help fund marketing that will greatly enhance the utility and value gamecredits. likewise, look forward using the advantages waves and ethereum further build and enhance our quality products. technical aspects payment gateway technological advances within payment gateway the gamecredits mobile store will use customized and proprietary centralized payment gateway solution built our developers. this payment gateway currently being beta tested datcroft ltd. games. this gateway will offer gamecredits featured payment option for purchasing in-game content. gamers will able acquire gamecredits directly within the payment gateway with bitcoin, credit cards, and other local payment methods without ever having leave the mobile app. our payment gateway was built for security, scalability and ease use. our codepay platform based hadoop and hbase. are also using omid transactional framework. also, have sql-over-nosql layer which allows easier analytical access the data. our goal process big data high speeds. that end, have built analytical cluster which allows for easy customization. load-wise, have successfully tested transactions per second test environment. results can seen here: https://monosnap.com/file/qbbymszetsprvlbvxxpwcl development team combined, the mobilego team has over years' experience game development, managing gaming revenues and game marketing, successfully acquiring over million gamers their games. addition, the team has over years combined experience payment processing engineering, big data technology and enterprise solution development. sergey sholom, phd. teenager, sergey was championship level gamer and created the first large gamer group tournaments russia for quake. after receiving phd mathematical modeling, sergey founded datcroft games ltd. over the last years, datcroft has developed multiple worldwide popular games with registered users exceeding million gamers. sergey continues oversee company over employees that continues bring new cutting edge games market. datcroft's latest game pixel wars, released may, has already received critical acclaim. sergey has been proponent using blockchain technology solve many problems the gaming industry. has traveled the world giving lectures and talks about the need for payment processing solutions and gameplay environments that give game developers more profits and gamers more options and experiences using the blockchain. maxim sholom, phd. maxim brings more than years gaming industry. maxim has been the award-winning producer games like get the gun. maxim's game development projects have brought him respect worldwide the gaming industry. for the last two years maxim has been overseeing the development and design teams behind the gamecredits mobile store. chief architect the mobile platform, maxim has overseen the functional integration and intuitive design the system. rob wilson, advisor. rob the founder bitscan and incent and the the brainchild for dual blockchain tech. rob also has extensive experience running successful crowdsales. rob's formative career was the military, where enjoyed front-line commands and lectured strategy usnwc. today, though his companies, rob has developed portfolio high level business relationships which advising customized solutions using blockchain technology including the use waves assets. bok khoo, ethereum dev. bec, aiaa, director and consultant. bok actuary and quantitative software developer with over years industry experience. bok has been working with clients from bank and corporate treasuries, investment managers, government entities, exchanges and financial soft vendors australia, new zealand, asia, the and europe. bok, also known the bokkypoobah ethereum.stackexchange.com, github.com and reddit.com/r/ethereum, now working bring decentralized trustless exchanges (https://cryptoderivatives.market/) and traditional fiat financial instruments the ethereum trusted and decentralized blockchain platform. mobilego (mgo) crowdsale: terms conditions the following terms and conditions ("terms") govern the offer and sale mobilego cryptographic tokens ("mgo") the mobilego foundation crowdsale participants ("purchasers" collectively, and "purchaser" individually). this document describes the initial sale which the mobilego token ("mgo") sold. not solicitation for investment and does not pertain any way offering securities any jurisdiction. individuals, businesses, and other organizations should carefully weigh the risks, costs, and benefits acquiring mgo early the initial sale versus waiting purchase mgo open, third-party exchanges. important ownership mgo carries rights express implied. purchases mgo are non-refundable. purchasers should have expectation influence over governance the gamecredits mobile platform. the mobilego token crowdsale fund not owned gamecredits inc. this fund primary owned the mobilego foundation furtherly transferred special company incorporated singapore separate entity and solely independent ownership structure. participating the sale mgo, you expressly acknowledge and represent that you have carefully reviewed the terms and fully understand the risks, costs, and benefits purchasing mgo and agree bound these terms. set forth below, you further represent and warrant that, the extent permitted law, you are authorized purchase mgo your relevant jurisdiction, are legal age bound these terms, and will not hold liable for any losses any special, incidental, consequential damages arising out of, any way connected the sale mgo, now the future, mobilego foundation and its affiliates and successors, and the officers, directors, agents, joint ventures, employees and suppliers mobilego its affiliates, including datcroft games and gamecredits inc. warning: not purchase mgo you are not expert dealing with cryptographic tokens and blockchain-based software systems. purchases mgo should undertaken only individuals, entities, companies that have significant experience with, and understanding of, the usage and intricacies cryptographic tokens, like bitcoin ("btc"), and blockchainbased software systems. purchasers should have functional understanding storage and transmission mechanisms associated with other cryptographic tokens. while the mobilego foundation will available assist purchasers mgo during and after the sale, the mobilego foundation will not responsible for lost btc mgo resulting from actions taken by, omitted purchasers. note, particular, that mgo purchasers should take great care write down their wallet password and not lose sure that they will able access their mgo when becomes available after the initial sale. you not have such experience expertise, then you should not purchase mgo participate the pre-sale mgo. warning: cryptographic tokens may experience extreme price volatility. mobilego tokens not represent any formal legally binding investment. cryptographic tokens that possess value public markets, such btc, have demonstrated extreme fluctuations price over short periods time regular basis. purchaser mgo should prepared expect similar fluctuations, both down and up, the price mgo denominated btc united states dollars ("usd") currencies other jurisdictions. such fluctuations are due market forces and represent changes the balance supply and demand. mobilego foundation cannot and does not guarantee market liquidity for mgo and therefore there may periods time which mgo difficult buy. additionally, due different regulatory dictates different jurisdictions and the inability citizens certain countries open accounts exchanges located anywhere the world, the liquidity mgo may markedly different different countries and this would likely reflected significant price discrepancies. purchasing mgo, you expressly acknowledge and represent that you fully understand that mgo may experience volatility pricing and will not seek hold any the mobilego foundation parties liable for any losses any special, incidental, consequential damages arising from, any way connected to, the sale mgo. warning: the purchase mgo entails number risks. the purchase mgo carries with number risks. prior purchasing mgo, you should carefully consider the risks listed below and, the extent necessary, consult appropriate lawyer, accountant, tax professional. any the following risks are unacceptable you, you should not purchase mgo. purchasing mgo, and the extent permitted law, you are agreeing not hold any the mobilego foundation parties liable for any losses any special, incidental, consequential damages arising from, any way connected, the sale mgo, including losses associated with the risks set forth below. terms and conditions overview initial sale mgo the mobilego foundation will produce quantity mgo pre-sale event called the initial sale, conducted its web site https://mobilego.io ("the initial sale"). the mobilego token crowdsale fund not owned gamecredits inc. this fund primary owned the mobilego foundation furtherly transferred special company incorporated singapore separate entity and solely independent ownership structure. purchasers the initial sale will acquire mgo exchange for btc, waves, eth and game the usd value each investment the time investment. purchasers mgo the initial sale will granted user accounts the aforementioned website that will enable them claim their purchase the end the initial sale. all mgo pre-sold this manner will created the waves and ethereum networks after the end the initial sale, although there are guarantees that this will occur within given timeframe. mgo purchased with btc, waves and game will created the waves blockchain. mgo purchased with eth will created the ethereum blockchain. mobilego foundation will allocate the purchased mgo the corresponding user account the web site, delivering their control. creation mgo mgo will the first crypto token simultaneously issued the waves platform and the ethereum platform. million mgo will created the waves blockchain. further million mgo will created the ethereum blockchain. using new technology comprised web interface, locked wallets and smart contracts the ethereum side, mgo will dynamically interchangeable from one blockchain another the end user wishes. total million tokens will available, across both blockchains, any given time. the remaining million will remain locked. further mgo will ever created. timing sale the initial sale will begin april the sale will run for days. mobilego foundation reserves the right change the date when the initial sale will begin and further reserves the right extend the sale duration for any reason, including the unavailability the website https://mobilego.io other unforeseen security procedural issues. though does not currently anticipate doing so, mobilego foundation also reserves the right shorten the sale duration for any reason. mgo pricing based the performance other recent blockchain project launches mobilego management has determined that this initial sale shall partitioned and sold decreasing discount rates the sale proceeds. full details about these price points will provided timely manner purchasers the initial sale and will available the website the time purchase. disclosure purchases enable mgo purchasers have much information possible guide their decision-making process, mobilego foundation will disclose real time the total funds collected the mgo initial sale enable the purchaser develop understanding the size the existing mobilego funding pool the time their mgo purchase. purchase mgo from the mobilego.io website mobilego foundation will maintain store interface, which can used purchase mgo. the store interface will available the mobilego website (https://mobilego.io). instructions for purchasing mgo with btc and other cryptocurrencies using the store interface will embedded and available for review the mobilego website during the duration the initial sale. failure follow these instructions may limit, delay, prevent purchaser from obtaining mgo. any questions about these instructions should directed support@mobilego.io. obligation determine purchaser can purchase mgo purchaser's jurisdiction the initial sale constitutes the offer and sale software product under law singapore. this product sale conducted primary mobilego foundation, furtherly transferred special company operating under law singapore. the responsibility each potential purchaser mgo determine the purchaser can legally purchase mgo the purchaser's jurisdiction. acceptance terms and conditions the mobilego sale first step the purchase process, mobilego foundation will present the purchaser with these terms, and associated documents. placing order for mgo, the purchaser: (i) consents and agrees the terms; (ii) represents and warrants that the purchaser legally permitted purchase mgo the purchaser's jurisdiction; (iii) represents and warrants that the purchaser sufficient age legally purchase mgo has received permission from legal guardian who has reviewed and agreed these terms; (iv) represents and warrants that the purchaser will take sole responsibility for any restrictions and risks associated with the purchase mgo set forth below; and (v) represents and warrants that the purchaser has understanding the usage and intricacies cryptographic tokens, like btc, and blockchain-based software systems. independent confirmation purchases during the purchase process the https://mobilego.io website, mobilego foundation will provide purchasers with unique intermediary cryptocurrency address. using this address, purchasers can track and confirm that the purchaser's cryptocurrency has been received that address and has been subsequently and automatically sent the escrow address. knowledge the unique intermediary address does not constitute purchase receipt indicate any way that any party possessing such knowledge has rights ownership the purchased mgo. receipt mgo and the purchase email part the purchase process, and order purchase mgo, purchaser will need provide email address (the "purchase email"). the purchase email will used email the purchaser notice the creation the purchaser's account its website. purchasing mgo, and the extent permitted applicable law, the purchaser agrees not hold any the mobilego foundation parties liable for any losses any special, incidental, consequential damages arising out of, any way connected to, purchaser's failure secure their account. mgo will only available for sale the mobilego website mobilego foundation will only sell mgo through the mobilego website, available https://mobilego.io. the extent that any third-party website service offers mgo for sale during the initial sale facilitates the sale transfer mgo any way during the initial sale, such third-party websites services are not sanctioned mobilego foundation its affiliates and have relationship any way with the mobilego foundation parties. result, mobilego foundation prohibits the use these third-party websites services for the purchase mgo prior the end the initial sale. fraudulent attempts double spend btc mobilego foundation will monitor all potential transactions for fraudulent attempts double spend btc. any detected double spend btc will result mgo being delivered the associated purchaser. mobilego foundation will not purchase mgo during initial sale mobilego foundation warrants that will not purchase mgo its own sale. furthermore mobilego foundation warrants that will not purchase mgo from any third party, acquire mgo any manner, acquire future control mgo, during the period the initial sale. certain risks associated with the purchase mgo the purchase mgo carries with significant risk. prior purchasing mgo, the purchaser should carefully consider the below risks and, the extent necessary, consult lawyer, accountant, and/or tax professionals prior determining whether purchase mgo. i.it possible that the value btc will drop significantly the future, depriving mobilego foundation sufficient resources continue operate. ii.mgo will stored wallet, which can only accessed with password selected the purchaser. purchaser mgo does not maintain accurate record their password, this may lead the loss mgo. result, purchasers must safely store their password one more backup locations that are well separated from the primary location. order access one's mgo the password that the purchaser entered required; loss this may lead the loss purchaser's mgo. iii.any third party that gains access the purchaser's purchase email may able gain access the purchaser's mgo. the purchaser must take care not respond any inquiry regarding their purchase mgo, including but not limited to, email requests purportedly coming from the mobilego.io website similar-looking domain. iv.cryptocurrencies have been the subject regulatory scrutiny various regulatory bodies around the globe. the gamecredits mobile platform and mobilego foundation could impacted one more regulatory enquiries regulatory action, which could impede limit the ability gamecredits inc continue develop the gamecredits mobile platform. v.it possible that the gamecredits mobile platform will not used large number external businesses, individuals, and other organizations and that there will limited public interest the use peer-to-peer currencies for gaming. such lack interest could impact the development the gamecredits mobile platform. mobilego foundation cannot predict the success its own marketing efforts the efforts other third parties. there guarantee revenues profits resulting from the marketing activities the mobilego foundation. vi.the purchaser recognizes that the gamecredits mobile platform currently under development and may undergo significant changes before release. the purchaser acknowledges that any expectations regarding the form and functionality the gamecredits mobile platform held the purchaser may not met upon release the gamecredits mobile platform, for any number reasons including change the design and implementation plans and execution the implementation the gamecredits mobile platform. vii.the purchaser understands that while the gamecredits team will make reasonable efforts complete the gamecredits mobilego platform software, possible that official completed version the gamecredits mobile platform may not released and there may never operational gamecredits mobile platform. viii.hackers other groups organizations may attempt steal the btc and cryptocurrency revenue from the initial sale, thus potentially impacting the ability mobilego foundation promote the gamecredits mobile platform. account for this risk, mobilego foundation has and will continue implement comprehensive security precautions safeguard the btc and cryptocurrency obtained from the sale mgo. multi-factor security measures will taken protect cryptocurrency and mgo including but not limited physical elements, multi-signature keys, splitting funds, hot/cold wallet partitioning and diversification. moreover, regular security audits hot and cold wallets will conducted internal and external teams. ix.advances code cracking, technical advances such the development quantum computers, could present risks cryptocurrencies and the gamecredits mobile platform, which could result the theft loss mgo game. the extent possible, gamecredits inc intends update the protocol underlying the gamecredits mobile platform account for any advances cryptography and incorporate additional security measures, but cannot cannot predict the future cryptography the success any future security updates. x.as with other cryptocurrencies, the gamecredits blockchain used for the gamecredits mobile platform susceptible mining attacks, including but not limited double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, "selfish-mining" attacks, and race condition attacks. any successful attacks present risk the gamecredits mobile platform and expected proper payment operations. xi.the loss destruction private key mobilego foundation used access may irreversible. mobilego foundation's loss access its private keys data loss relating mobilego foundation could adversely affect the value gamecredits mobile platform. xii.gamecredits mobile platform new product, thus contributing price volatility that could adversely affect the value mgo. the factors affecting the further development the digital assets industry, well the gamecredits mobile platform, include: continued worldwide growth the adoption and use mgo and other digital assets; government and quasi-government regulation mgo and other digital assets and their use, restrictions regulation access and operation the gamecredits mobile platform similar digital asset systems; the maintenance and development the software the gamecredits mobile platform; changes consumer demographics and public tastes and preferences; the availability and popularity other similar products; and general economic conditions and the regulatory environment relating the gamecredits mobile platform and digital assets. xiii.intellectual property rights claims may adversely affect the operation the gamecredits mobile platform. third parties may assert intellectual property claims relating the holding and transfer digital assets and their source code. regardless the merit any intellectual property other legal action, any threatened action that reduces confidence the gamecredits mobile platform's long-term viability the ability end-users hold and transfer game may adversely affect the value mgo. additionally, meritorious intellectual property claim could prevent end-users from accessing the gamecredits mobile platform holding transferring their game. xiv.cryptocurrency exchanges which mgo may trade may relatively new and largely unregulated and may therefore more exposed fraud and failure than established, regulated exchanges for other products. the extent that the cryptocurrency exchanges representing substantial portion the volume mgo trading are involved fraud experience security failures other operational issues, such cryptocurrency exchange failures may result reduction the price and can adversely affect the value mgo. lack stability the cryptocurrency exchanges and the closure temporary shutdown cryptocurrency exchanges due fraud, business failure, hackers malware, government-mandated regulation may reduce confidence the gamecredits mobile platform and result greater volatility the price. xv.political economic crises may motivate large-scale sales mgo, which could result reduction the price and adversely affect the value mgo. digital assets such mgo, which are relatively new, are subject supply and demand forces based upon the desirability alternative, decentralized means transacting, and unclear how such supply and demand will impacted geopolitical events. largescale sales mgo would result reduction the price. xvi.it possible that digital asset other than mgo could have features that make more desirable material portion the digital asset user base, resulting reduction demand for mgo, which could have negative impact the use and price mgo. possible that comparable product could become materially popular due either perceived exposed shortcoming the gamecredits mobile platform that not immediately addressed the gamecredits team, perceived advantage comparable product that includes features not incorporated into the gamecredits mobile platform. this product obtains significant market share, could have negative impact the demand for, and price of, mgo. xvii.mgo transactions are irrevocable and stolen incorrectly transferred mgo may irretrievable. result, any incorrectly executed mgo transactions could adversely affect the value mgo. cryptocurrency transactions are not, from administrative perspective, reversible without the consent and active participation the recipient the transaction or, theory, control consent majority the processing power the host blockchain platform. once transaction has been verified and recorded block that added the blockchain, incorrect transfer mgo theft mgo generally will not reversible and there may compensation for any such transfer theft. such loss could adversely affect the value mgo. xviii.some mgo tokens may issued the ethereum blockchain. such, any malfunction unexpected functioning the ethereum protocol may impact the purchaser's ability transfer securely hold mgo. such impact could adversely affect the value mgo. xix.some mgo tokens may issued the waves platform. such, any malfunction unexpected functioning the waves platform may impact the purchaser's ability transfer securely hold mgo. such impact could adversely affect the value mgo. xx.it possible that, due any number reasons, including without limitation the failure business relationships marketing strategies, that the gamecredits mobile platform and all subsequent marketing from the money raised from the same mgo may fail achieve success. all purchases mgo are non-refundable all purchases mgo are final. purchases mgo are non-refundable. purchasing mgo, the purchaser acknowledges that neither mobilego foundation nor any other the mobilego foundation parties are required provide refund for any reason, and that the purchaser will not receive money other compensation for any mgo that not used remains unused. taxation mgo and taxation related the initial sale mobilego foundation makes representations concerning the tax implications the sale mgo the possession use mgo. the purchaser bears the sole responsibility determine the purchase mgo with btc the potential appreciation depreciation the value mgo over time has tax implications for the purchaser the purchaser's home jurisdiction. purchasing mgo, and the extent permitted law, the purchaser agrees not hold any the mobilego foundation parties liable for any tax liability associated with arising from the purchase mgo. privacy although mobilego foundation requires that purchasers provide email address, mobilego foundation will not publish any identifying information related mgo purchases, without the prior written consent the purchaser. purchasers may contacted email mobilego foundation regarding purchase. such emails will informational only. mobilego foundation will not request any information from purchasers email. disclaimer warranties the purchaser expressly agrees that the purchaser purchasing mgo the purchaser's sole risk and that mgo provided "as is" basis without warranties any kind, either express implied, including, but not limited to, warranties title implied warranties, merchantability fitness for particular purpose (except only the extent prohibited under applicable law with any legally required warranty period the shorter thirty days from first use the minimum period required). without limiting the foregoing, none the mobilego foundation parties warrant that the process for purchasing mgo will uninterrupted error-free. limitations waiver liability the purchaser acknowledges and agrees that, the fullest extent permitted any applicable law, the disclaimers liability contained herein apply any and all damages injury whatsoever caused related use of, inability use, mgo the gamecredits mobile platform under any cause action whatsoever any kind any jurisdiction, including, without limitation, actions for breach warranty, breach contract tort (including negligence) and that none the mobilego foundation parties shall liable for any indirect, incidental, special, exemplary consequential damages, including for loss profits, goodwill data, any way whatsoever arising out the use of, inability use, purchase of, inability purchase, mgo. the purchaser further specifically acknowledges that mobilego foundation parties are not liable for the conduct third parties, including other purchasers mgo, and that the risk purchasing mgo rests entirely with the purchaser. the extent permissible under applicable laws, under circumstances will any the mobilego foundation parties liable any purchaser for more than the amount the purchaser may have paid mobilego foundation for the purchase mgo. some jurisdictions not allow the exclusion certain warranties the limitation exclusion liability for certain types damages. therefore, some the above limitations this section and elsewhere the terms may not apply purchaser. particular, nothing these terms shall affect the statutory rights any purchaser exclude injury arising from any wilful misconduct fraud mobilego foundation. dispute resolution mobilego foundation and purchaser (the "parties") agree make good faith efforts resolve any dispute, controversy claim arising between them relating this pre-sale and their respective rights and obligations hereunder arising under this agreement "dispute"). the parties, their designated representatives, are unable resolve the dispute within ten business days after referral the matter them, the parties will submit the dispute for resolution pursuant paragraph this section. except with respect disputes concerning (i) the right either party apply court competent jurisdiction for interim interlocutory injunction other provisional remedy preserve the status quo prevent irreparable harm (ii) any disputes that may arise connection with breach party's obligations confidentiality hereunder, any dispute not resolved pursuant paragraphs and above, the parties will, acting reasonably, agree mutually the forum for resolution the dispute arbitration set out this section. after the completion the procedures set forth paragraph and agreement the parties enter into binding arbitration accordance with paragraph this section, either party may within thirty calendar days refer the dispute arbitration serving written notice its intention arbitrate the dispute the other party. the arbitration will conducted single arbitrator mutually agreed the parties within three business days following the date the referral the dispute arbitration. force majeure mobilego foundation not liable for failure perform solely caused by: unavoidable casualty, delays delivery materials, embargoes, government orders, acts civil military authorities, acts common carriers, emergency conditions (including weather conditions), any similar unforeseen event that renders performance commercially implausible. event force majeure occurs, the party injured the other's inability perform may elect suspend the agreement, whole part, for the duration the force majeure circumstances. the party experiencing the force majeure circumstances shall cooperate with and assist the injured party all reasonable ways minimize the impact force majeure the injured party. complete agreement these terms set forth the entire understanding between each purchaser and mobilego foundation with respect the purchase and sale mgo. for facts relating the sale and purchase, the purchaser agrees rely only this document determining purchase decisions and understands that this document governs the sale mgo and supersedes any public statements about the initial sale made third parties mobilego foundation individuals associated with any mobilego foundation parties, past and present and during the initial sale. there are warranties, representations, covenants, agreements, express implied, between the parties except those expressly set forth this agreement. this agreement may only amended written document duly executed the parties. severability the purchaser and mobilego foundation agree that any portion these terms found illegal unenforceable, whole part, such provision shall, such jurisdiction, ineffective solely the extent such determination invalidity unenforceability without affecting the validity enforceability thereof any other manner jurisdiction and without affecting the remaining provisions the terms, which shall continue full force and effect. waiver the failure mobilego foundation require enforce strict performance the purchaser any provision these terms mobilego foundation's failure exercise any right under these agreements shall not construed waiver relinquishment mobilego foundation's right assert rely upon any such provision right that any other instance. the express waiver mobilego foundation any provision, condition, requirement these terms shall not constitute waiver any future obligation comply with such provision, condition requirement. except expressly and specifically set forth this these terms, representations, statements, consents, waivers, other acts omissions mobilego foundation shall deemed modification these terms nor legally binding, unless documented physical writing, hand signed the purchaser and duly appointed officer, employee, successor agent mobilego foundation. updates the terms and conditions the mgo initial sale mobilego foundation reserves the right, its sole discretion, change, modify, add, remove portions the terms any time during the sale posting the amended terms the mobilego website (https://mobilego.io). any purchaser will deemed have accepted such changes purchasing mgo. the terms may not otherwise amended except signed writing executed both the purchaser and mobilego foundation. for purposes this agreement, "writing" does not include e-mail message and signature does not include electronic signature. any point you not agree any portion the then-current version the terms, you should not purchase mgo. cooperation with legal authorities mobilego foundation will cooperate with all law enforcement enquiries, subpoenas, requests provided they are fully supported and documented the law the relevant jurisdictions. mobilego foundation will endeavour publish any legal enquiries upon receipt. further information for further information regarding the mgo sale, please contact support@mobilego.io.