modultrade white paper democratizing global trade with blockchain technology abstract there one place where mln micro, small and medium enterprises msme can meet each other, commit trade agreements easily and trustfully and get help with trade-related services cost-effective way. blockchain technology can used build user's platform which can add module trust into the trade cycle, while simplifying the execution transactions and decreasing their costs. modultrade has laid the foundations for creating value ecosystem for global trade: digital blockchain networked value structure that real-time, global, connected, digital and cost-effective, with features support further fintech solutions developed third parties. modultrade value ecosystem (mve). this white paper describes how mve will democratize global trade connecting the heart blockchain functionalities (i.e. trust and democracy) real life trade transactions within the enterprises' supply chains globally. mve will leverage two innovative technological implementations smart-contract platform this replicates traditional trade finance instruments (such letters credit and bank guarantees) and allows msme establish trust into their trade agreements the mtrc (erc- ethereum-based modultrade token) will new trade enabler (every enterprise with access smartphone will able execute trade real-time, globally and cost-effective way) and party application enabler (it will used for charging usage fees for third parties' solution built modultrade's smart-contract platform). mve multi-sided platform, requiring reach certain number users achieve network effect (please see further below for more details) this document also explains: the rationale ritical mass which needed trigger the network effect mve the approach reach this critical mass combining together the development value ecosystem and new crypto token for trade, modultrade one the few pioneers able improve the trade finance industry connecting millions enterprises (underserved today's banking system) the global trade easier, trustful and more efficient way https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/financialsector/brief/smes-finance business business http://www.investopedia.com/terms/l/letterofcredit.asp https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/letter_of_credit failure launch: critical mass platform businesses, david evans, and richard schmalensee abstract value proposition introduction trade finance adopting blockchain technology msmes become part global value chains (gvc) supported e-commerce development technology and regulations are democratizing banking industry towards fintech problem trust high entry costs and complexity trade related operations the solution proposed modultrade modultrade's value ecosystem ("mve") the economic catalyst for democracy global trade modultrade smart-contract platform ("mtp") the backbone mve the mtrc reputation network reputation capital trade guarantee financing mtrc mtrc liquidity technical description technical concept modultrade solution technological scalability critical mass users will create network effect mve extra use cases digital thread for additive manufacturing (dtam) mtp iot solution for invoice factoring mtp token launch distribution plan use the proceeds organization roadmap governance safeguarding conclusion disclaimers references definitions value proposition modultrade smart-contract blockchain-based ecosystem where msmes can meet, commit and execute trade globally, easily, trustfully and efficiently. modultrade's value ecosystem mve based msp (multi-sided platform) which aims create value through the network effect for the following three main constituents: constituent the value need trade counterparties (users) model trust trade cycle while simplifying transactions execution and decreasing its costs instrument for value exchange mtrc trade financing mtrc enable transactions reputational network leverage network collaboration based reputation capital users global marketplace for optimal choice counterparty and price party trade-related service providers global marketplace where trade services meet trade participants party trade software developers platform for trade solutions development the base mtrc functionality mve economic catalyst which also aims create value reducing transactions costs faced multiple distinct economic agents that would benefit from coming together; and reduce search efforts, facilitate matching, and making easier for the different groups economic agents exchange value between them.. the mtrc the instrument for value exchange mve, prime enabler the ecosystem growth, allowing capitalize (albeit indirectly): the tremendous growth global e-commerce (estimated increase over times $,tn the potential mln msmes globally which execute trade their day day activity and steadily increase its footprint global trade; the future developments blockchain technology for the global trade activity. the mtrc token will issued ethereum and will comply with the most common and widely accepted erc- token standard. this will ensure that mtrc compatible with all the ether wallets and can easily added into most common crypto-exchanges for trading. multi-sided platforms: from microfoundations design and expansion strategies, andrei hagiu mtrc modultrade crypto token catalysts ignite: the economics platform-based start-ups, david evans introduction trade finance adopting blockchain technology "blockchain holds considerable promise, but all too often fails find sustainable use cases. trade finance one significant exception" the capco institute journal financial transformation whole new approach, informed blockchain logic, could bring the very transformation established yet restricted business crying out for. placing the end-to-end trade finance process new platform would have very clear objective: offer all exporters and importers fast and easy access credit issuance and advisory services. this radical but obtainable shift. open, automated, and transparent trade finance platform, which replaces cumbersome trust mechanisms with automatic checks and assurances, now technical possibility. msmes become part global value chains (gvc) supported e-commerce development the opportunities for msmes the global marketplace and value chains are enormous exposes them large customer/buyer base, well opportunities learn from large firms and from engaging and surviving and coming sectors the global marketplace. "the development e-commerce promises expand export opportunities for smes and give them global presence that was once reserved for large multinational firms." world trade report, selling through digital channels can productivity gains that the mckinsey global institute has estimated between and per cent. modultrade will aim help msmes prosper the global marketplace facilitating such trade described this white paper. technology and regulations are democratizing banking industry towards fintech another catalyst for this kind disruption the second eea payment services directive psd whereby fintech providers will become account information service providers aisps themselves which makes easier, faster and less costly handle customer's' payment transactions and account related data. psd will allow the mtp (modultrade platform) interact with customers' accounts within secure processes without banking intermediaries thus increasing efficiency and lowering transactions costs. trade finance disrupted: blockchain use case the capco institute journal financial transformation journal ndeg integrating smes into global value chains, challenges and policy actions asia, asian development bank institute world trade report, levelling the trading field for smes the psd playbook backbase, problem msmes face many barriers and capacity constraints due their relatively small size. globally, estimated that approximately msme trade finance proposals are rejected, compared only for multinational corporations. modultrade addresses the needs msmes eliminating the main barriers for entry into global trade: lack trust. high entry costs. complexity trade-related operations. trust lack trust remains significant problem for msmes and prevents them from being active players the global trade network. the economical meaning this trust issue could summarized the following question: will the buyer pay upon the seller sends goods the buyer? this question was answered existing banking system which created trade finance instruments like letters credit and bank guarantees. high entry costs and complexity trade related operations traditionally, the trade finance business has targeted exporters and importers certain size, with only mid-range larger players being able afford trade finance services today's trade finance business has face the following key challenges: increasing cost pressure: letters credits lcs are associated with high costs for both the bank and clients, while dispute resolution and limited scale create additional pressures due relatively high fraction manual processing and yet untapped customer base. trade finance providers can gain strategic advantages they succeed finding fundamentally new approaches delivering the service their clients. poor customer experience from bank's point view, the key customers, exporters, and importers often suffer from poor end-to-end customer experience. not only does the issuance lc-backed trade finance transactions require high coordination efforts among exporters, importers, and issuing and advising banks, often represented individual legal counsel, the settlement the transaction follows overly complicated and manual processes, long waiting times with low transparency, and relatively high residual settlement uncertainty. for example, importers still face the delivery risk fraudulent shipments, even the transaction backed lc, and have proactively and manually track all stages the agreed delivery terms. https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/financialsector/brief/smes-finance http://www.capco.com/insights/capco-institute/journal--transformation/~/media/capco/insights/institute/journal__bru nner.pdf the solution proposed modultrade modultrade aims eliminate the main barriers for entry into global trade well as: bringing together comprehensive range services for the full trade cycle; helping msmes meet, commit and execute trade globally easily, trustful and efficiently manner; and introducing the mtrc modultrade token efficient instrument value exchange modultrade ecosystem. mve also aspires innovative global platform that will easily facilitate participants' access parties providing some more the following trade related services: logistics trade financing tax and bookkeeping insurance custom brokerage mve aims the place easily develop new digital solutions for global trade the most obvious use cases being: supply chain tracking modultrade's platform digital thread for additive manufacturing (dtam) iot solutions for invoice factoring. modultrade's value ecosystem ("mve") the economic catalyst for democracy global trade leveraging smart-contract blockchain-based technology, modultrade will build value ecosystem for global trade, i.e. digital networked value structure that real-time, global, connected, digital and cost-effective, with features support further fintech solutions developed third parties. this solution will enable msmes increase their revenues whilst reducing the costs global trading. will also enable third party developers service providers gain access wider target users clients, while reducing development and user acquisition costs. this framework, the mtrc will used key for the users connect the global trade network and transact modultrade ecosystem. mve aims connect participants trade globally via our main components: blockchain based smart-contract multi-sided platform (mtp) replicate banks' trade finance instruments (letter credit and guarantee) and offer mve participants this service trustful and cost-effective way while also connecting them other services like logistic and insurance; trade related services platform simplify trade execution via party service providers (e.g. payments, logistic, financing, tax, bookkeeping); trade reputation network facilitate monetary transactions mve participants within their reputation capital being function users reputable collaboration within the ecosystem; marketplaces find reliable counterparties globally and make optimal choices goods prices. https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/how-supply-chain-trade-finance-becomes-most-relevant-use-tabbakh modultrade smart-contract platform ("mtp") the backbone mve the main function mtp will replicate banks' trade finance instruments such letters credit and bank guarantees. mtp will provide this functionality msmes negligible price (cost smart-contract execution blockchain) compared the transaction amount charged banks the moment. current processes trade transaction based letter credit issued banks this example trade process banks provide trust into trade cycle party with the "proven" reputation which community can trust. banks guarantee that upon goods are delivered money will paid the seller. banks take charge for providing trust and for avoiding manipulation. trade process supported mtp smart-contracts blockchain solves the problem manipulation and trust. vitalik buterin, moscow, buyer and seller agrees the trade and create smart-contract the mtp mtp blocks money the buyer's account guarantee the payment upon delivery mtp instructs bank reserve funds the buyer account/credit card; mtp reserves funds cryptocurrency within the smart-contract the seller sends goods via logistic company and submits tracking number mtp upon buyer's receipt goods, (tracking delivery matches the address the buyer indicated the smart-contract) mtp instructs release payment the the seller evolution mtp the next development stages will include integration party service providers the level active participants the blockchain network forked mve this integration will include functional agents such as: insurance providers trade financing lenders logistics and shipment providers the mtrc the modultrade crypto token (mtrc), erc- token issued ethereum, key element the new modultrade's multi-sided platform, that enables its users connect the modultrade platform and its ecosystem and effect transactions mtrc shall premined token that will distributed only during the pre-sale and tokens sale campaigns. therefore, the number mtrc tokens will fixed starting end november, which will guaranteed the token smart contract. demand for mtrc expected driven mve and modultrade network growth. the more trade transactions are carried out through the modultrade network, the more mtrc demand will increase, thus improving the trade flows served within mve the mtrc within mve role y/n features value exchange enables exchange value real-time, globally and cost-effective way currency payment and transaction unit within mve function the key connect the global trade network and transact mve (all fees trade contracts modultrade's platform will have paid mtrc) incentivizes mtsp usage and transacting within mve toll will used for charging usage fees for third parties' solution built around mtsp right earnings mtrcs give rights the company and not represent participation (equity otherwise)in the company. reputation network reputation capital reputational network will formed within mve the basis network aggregating reputation capital users across multiple forms collaborative consumption within mve. reputation capital quantitative measure user's reputational value mve delivered modultrade's reputation system, which represents form remuneration for the user's efforts, generating trust and respect within mve. users' reputation capital will drive the value trade guarantee financing line available mtrc for each user provided reputational network the user guarantee its obligations within trade transactions. reputational network will initially formed and supported modultrade and mtrc holders and users later stage. trade guarantee financing mtrc one the main obstacles participate trade the need for financing, both sell and buy side. globally, msme trade finance proposals are rejected, compared only for multinational corporations. facilitate trade transaction within mve modultrade addresses the existing need small enterprises' via reputational network. funds and guarantees will granted msmes mtrc the base their reputational capital for the period days. credit lines and related fees will established the reputation capital built the enterprises (which its turn function the network recommendations, assessed modultrade's reputation system). every new user which got recommendations from reputable established mve participants. the amount credit lines will function application order (according the "first comers get more" principle) user's reputation capital every mtrc holder will able use reputational network infrastructure provide mtrc for fee guarantee and finance the trade mve. mtrc liquidity support mtrc liquidity and turnover within mve modultrade will establish several levels infrastructure which will include bancor protocol mechanism mtrc exchange modultrade mtrc placement with existing crypto-exchanges use bancor protocol will establish mtrc liquidity advance its appearance crypto-exchanges. https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/financialsector/brief/smes-finance https://www.bancor.network/static/bancor_protocol_whitepaper_en.pdf technical description technical concept modultrade solution simplified letter credit protocol the purpose modultrade smart contract lock funds from buyer and release them seller upon delivery product the buyer. the simplified workflow the contract follows. the buyer deposits funds into the smart contract which acts escrow agent. funds are locked the smart contract until release conditions are met. funds are released the seller upon successful delivery specified time horizon. funds are released the buyer delivery occurs specified time horizon. conditions when funds are blocked smart contract which acts escrow agent, the ultimate goal the parties becomes release the blocked funds from the contract themselves soon they both agree that the trade has been successful. this case, the modultrade smart contract plays role trusted middleman helping eliminate costly trust counterparty, traditionally, bank marketplace agent. however, the absence middleman, only the counterparties themselves who know their interests have been respected. this brings number counterparty risks which should handled accordingly. for example, deposit from the buyer was received, the shipping agent received the product, but failed deliver the buyer time all. deposit from the buyer was received, but the seller didn't send the product time, didn't send all sent wrong product. the buyer claims that she received wrong/improper product while the seller shipped the proper product. who should receive what one the above cases takes place due unintentional error intentional fraud? who decides the fair outcome? initially, modultrade going mimic the logic letter credit and its original trade contract will ensure that sellers are getting paid unless they continuously misbehave and their reputation slumps. further, elaborate protocols based mutual consensus outlined below will added. family consensus-based protocols generally speaking, only possible for the parties withdraw funds from the contract when consensus about the fair payouts has been reached. since only parties themselves know their interests have been respected, them who should reach consensus. this process can naturally happen off-chain on-chain, but the resolution always happens on-chain when both parties submit non-contradictory payout claims the contract. all parties behave honestly, they all will approve correct withdrawals each other and the contract will terminate correctly and with zero balance. one the parties does not approve the fair withdrawal, applicable funds shall locked until they reach agreement. the parties are motivated reach agreement they will lose more otherwise, because the reputational deposits pledged described below. such protocol acts both incentive behave honestly and deterrent for behaving unjustly. this protocol, however, does not resolve all potential misbehaviours and abuses. modultrade aims resolve such cases extending the protocol with reputational deposits which parties have place depending their reputation score. this will further incentivize fair behaviour the parties. with reputational deposit, the parties risk losing more they behave dishonestly, while losing nothing otherwise. logical that some may regard reputational deposit unwanted, though temporary, burden. specifically mitigate this perception, early stages, modultrade and its ecosystem partners are going act guarantors trusted trade offering parties option make reputation deposit for them for agreed fee. technological scalability modultrade solution technologically scalable. long-term platform scalability due current technological constraints ethereum issue that can addressed several ways each which feasible, secure and realistic. the event, the most appropriate method will decided depending the tests carried out together with pilot customers and first partners, well depending the user growth rate after the first release. one the major current technological constraints every ethereum-based solution scalability: the moment (june ethereum can handle from transactions per second case relatively light smart contracts this clearly bottleneck for any application that aims growing considerable number transactions. there are certain approaches that modultrade can employ handle this issue and believe that scalability should not regarded serious obstacle. further explain why. case modultrade, two metrics matter most: the average number transactions per second and the maximum reasonable latency between transactions the same contract. https://ethereum.stackexchange.com/questions//how-many-transactions-can-the-network-handle https://medium.com/@fehrsam/scaling-ethereum-to-billions-of-users-fdfdb transaction latency not issue for modultrade. the types contracts that the platform going support typically allow day latency. future, when modultrade taps into markets and processes that require faster execution, latency requirements can potentially raised several hours, but unlikely single minutes. this allows ease platform requirements the number simultaneous transactions. disregard for the moment mtrc trading crypto-exchanges this activity external the platform, can use the following formula estimate the average number transaction per second. average tps users contracts-per-user transactions-per-contract contract-life-time assuming: target mln users year that use modultrade platform regular basis (i.e. executing contract per week average). about transactions (initiation, funds transfers, delivery status checks, insurance conditions check and on) required per each contract modultrade. contract lifetime can from day weeks, i.e. roughly week average. transactions uniformly distributed over time. then: average tps users contracts-per-user transactions-per-contract contract-life-time mln contract per week transaction per contract week lifetime mln contracts per day transactions per contract days mln transactions per day transactions per second this tps, estimated for target mln active modultrade users year more than what ethereum supports today, although this current scalability bottleneck expected resolved ethereum community with reasonable advance. increase gas limit, migration proof-of-stake another improvement, vital for the mere existence ethereum smart contract platform. nevertheless, there are couple alternatives that modultrade able employ case exponential growth and without reliance ethereum. they are migration another blockchain or, alternatively, bringing some less trust-critical parts the smart contract execution off chain. migrating another blockchain the other blockchain could either more traditional private public permissioned blockchain (e.g. hyperledger) blockchain-inspired technology such corda, new blockchain architecture with vertical and horizontal scaling such eos. depending the chosen method, mtrc tokens might remain ethereum and cross-chain gateway can developed for interoperability. hard fork mtrc contract would needed. however, the chosen method would require transfer mtrc funds from ethereum another blockchain (unlikely but theoretically possible event), carefully defined, open and verifiable process will used transfer the funds and mtrc funds will continue belonging their owners. bringing some parts the smart contract off chain another alternative addressing scalability problem bringing certain less trust-critical parts smart contract work flow off chain. for example, contract negotiation the primary candidate off chain. third party services such insurance risk hedging can partially completely off chain, another blockchain. critical mass users will create network effect mve the priority goal mve network development for reach critical mass users (figure "mve critical mass" below) create network effect which will provide mve self-maintained growth its profit-maximizing potential. this way mve evolution will pass two implementation stages first implementation stage during will target the most "network" connected and value adding elements value elements) msmes supply chains. such element was identified (initial modultrade market) being construction and related industry. mve will onboard constructors (side geographies (total number -,m construction enterprises) from top constructions countries eu. and suppliers (side have equilibrium critical mass. that will represent penetration selected industry which enough for critical mass. these numbers are based the analysis detailed modultrade yellow paper two main clients approaches will used achieve the goals mentioned above direct client onboarding indirect client onboarding through partnership with party marketplaces according the catalytic ignition and critical mass concept shown figure "mve critical mass", there range minimal number customers each group that, achieved, provides thick enough market sufficiently liquid market permit sustainable growth. once catalyst achieves critical mass c'-c'', for example, can grow its profit-maximizing potential the long run. mve will connect them mtp functionality and mve cross-border trade enablers such logistic financing. domestic party marketplace represents the target audience this segment. new users acquired year direct onboarding from them new active users indirect total party (cumulative) marketplaces direct onboarding indirect party marketplaces total (cumulative) this number active clients will allow modultrade generate positive cash-flow starting from the second year its operations and break-even during second implementation stage upon critical mass achieved mve will trigger expansion other elements global value chains (gvc) network effect will allow reduce cac (customer acquisition costs) users will start join mve driven the value they receive from the network when they join mve. cac this stage will mainly related the technical scalability mve thus decreasing for each new client. while expect arpu (average return peruser) stable increasing. growth scenarios scenario description wide acceptance (best case) exponential growth client base its target msmes globally within years steady growth (base case) step-by-step development, new active customers per year within next years low scale (worst case) slow growth active customers within years mve product offer for users global presence through web every sme can become global placing its products modultrade enabled marketplaces instrument for trade which provides trust seller has guarantee payment proper goods are delivered the buyer buyer pays only receives proper goods trade finance line mtrc modultrade will open credit lines mtrc for all new users for financing trade transactions mve new payment option mtrc functionality does not require have bank account start exchanging value easy access trade related services (logistics will among the first ones) through connecting integrated mve party service providers platform (dhl, ups, ...) mve product value for party marketplaces mve will provide new value adding enablers which intensify users trade transactions thus leading value increase the marketplace. customers marketplaces will access full mtp functionalities including financing mtrc, trade-related services and reputation bank. the proposal for partnering with marketplaces based one the examples the transformation strategy the leading european diy chain kingfisher. it's proposed that largest construction supply chains undergo the same issues and face similar challenges. extra use cases value ecosystem will built around the mtrc and modultrade's blockchain-based platform, enabling third parties connect and integrate their own fintech solutions into it, thus dramatically reducing their development and customer acquisition costs. examples possible use cases include dtam (i.e. blockchain-based digital thread for additive manufacturing underpinning all the transactions occurring throughout the digital and physical life cycle for additive manufacturing), trade finance solutions based iot-generated data, supply chain digital tracking and food safety. digital thread for additive manufacturing (dtam) mtp currently, organizations are looking additive manufacturing order respond their supply chain and manufacturing constraints. however, for processes scale the industrial level, series complex, connected, and data-driven events need occur. possible solution would build digital thread the process dtam single seamless strand data that stretches from the initial design the finished part, optimize production capability, driving insights for continuous process and product optimization. such solution could supported modultrade's platform, which could easily fulfill the purposes validating data for traceability and certification, protecting intellectual property assets and design files throughout all the phases the process, which are: inception design analysis the digital model; building monitoring (build simulation, part fabrication and per-part post-processing and finishing); test validation (part inspection, data verification twining); delivery and management. the dtam service would charged modultrade fee mtrc the buyers goods requiring the dtam certification. the fees would then accredited the third party developer, minus commission for the use modultrade's platform. iot solution for invoice factoring mtp modultrade's platform could enable the exchange real time iot data related the physical status commodity good between buyers, suppliers and other parties throughout the value chain. this case, the blockchain-based platform could help infuse trust into the data exchange, ensuring the authenticity the exchanged data, and could also provide audit trail, facilitating the resolution disputes that may arise much more efficiently. for instance, third party could develop modultrade's platform iot-based invoice factoring solution aimed determining whether the funds for transaction should released. the front end, the solution could take the shape extension and integrated modultrade's platform. this way, sellers modultrade platform could conveniently select the most appropriate invoice financing and insurance options, simulating advance their economic effects under several scenarios. the proposed example, the iot invoice financing service would charged modultrade fee mtrc the factoring and/or insurance company upon the seller's request such services. the fees would then accredited the third party developer, minus commission for the use modultrade's platform. token launch distribution plan there will limited supply million mtrc total. part will distributed through pre-sale and token sale tokens will distributed during the pre-sale tokens will distributed during the token sale more mtrc distribution will done after the token sale ends. the price mtrc set follows: token price: mtrc eth/ during the sale period the following pricing mechanism will applied: stage tiered discount tokens sold tokens sold aggregate pre-sale phase phase phase phase token sale the number tokens allocated each subscriber will determined the end the token sale period. during the token sale mtrc tokens will distributed the following way: distribution (pre-sale-%, token sale %); product development ecosystem creation team will distributed within months after the token sale finished, will released after the year, after the year advisory use the proceeds the proceeds collected during token sale will invested developing the modultrade project the following way: assumptions funding amount technical development ecosystem creation token sale made the floor amount mtrc mvp development simple bilateral smart contracts payments mtrc and cryptos support for major actors the ecosystem passive agents token sale mtrc, all the above advanced unilateral smart contracts with select counterparties payments fiats party services: insurance, tax accounting support token sale mtrc, all the above smart contracts with advanced support local legislations support for major actors the ecosystem active agents party services: payments, custom support, storage trade finance support mtrc for emerging markets token sale over mtrc, all the above development dedicated modultrade marketplace with all supportive administrative and financing features trade reputational bank mtrc for limited number targeted clients main party integration (logistics financing) trade finance support mtrc for all users with positive credit rating geographical expansion countries emerging market europe markets asia global cover all countries main asian markets including japan india china usa the token sale floor and cap amounts pre-sale and token sale were defined based investment needs. the floor amount corresponds the development the modultrade platform which will fully operational but geographically developed countries. the cap amount based different scenarios linked mve development timeline and corresponds the full development the modultrade platform, including additional features and with global geographical development. manage risk funds collected during token sale could allocated different currencies hedge future expenditures for mve development (eur, usd, gb, bitcoin, basket pre-selected cryptocurrency). organization subscriptions will made through modultrade's web sit https://en.modultrade.io/ participation can made eth btc fiat currencies during the subscription period, the cap amount reached, the token sale will closed and new participation will permitted. once the subscription period over, the number tokens allocated each subscriber will defined follows the total amount collected will calculated eth. the number tokens received each subscriber will defined dividing the subscriber's participation amount the token price with relevant discount. roadmap modultrade the result team collaboration. the mit team mate founders decided move forward the original idea trade finance. this decision gave birth modultrade april the meantime, team talented and highly skilled professionals joined the startup and contributed, with the founders, shaping the vision and putting together founding documents and prototype move ahead with the idea. governance safeguarding the modultrade team takes the safeguarding all participant contributions seriously and has taken the following steps order ensure the best possible governance its token sale and business going forward. professional consulting and legal support the token sale from the outset, modultrade engaged ramparts european law firm, independent law firm based gibraltar and itiriv, consultants the token sale space order ensure that the concept the token sale was performed under the best possible governance. token sale audit the token sale process independent audit organization will carried out prior the token sale. this independent audit organization will also review the process during the token sale and validate it. independent supervisor will appointed validate that development expenses linked token sale funds are line with the plan the quarterly reporting issued modultrade.com will include status expenses based token sale funds and status technical and geographical modultrade development. mtrc more mtrc token will created after token sale. mtrc committee will analyze the mtrc utilization and will provide recommendations the community for further mtrc development the mtrc needed trade platform, its usage the platform will closely monitored. quarterly reporting mtrc rate and mtrc utilization will published website. project project reporting system :periodic internal and external reports the project status (the monthly external reports will published the company's website). erm (enterprise risk management) framework identify, monitor and manage the key project risk factors (business and operational) and assess the sustainability the adopted strategies. strategic advisory board set project guidelines and controls. itiriv have worked with modultrade team order establish the following: suitability, establishment and compliance procedures for modultrade and the token sale determining the suitability modultrade business using blockchain determining the appropriate jurisdiction for the token sale. creating the token sale proposition white paper (guidance and approval) business plan with milestones and technology build program schedule project management token issuance conjunction with the modultrade technical team joint coordination announcement, pre-sale and launch token sale drawdown token/coin value raised based milestone commitment charter the token sale company (tsc) marketing advice order ensure that the token sale falls out scope securities regulation. jurisdiction the gibraltar token sale company (tsc) working with ramparts european law firm modultrade team has determined that gibraltar the ideal jurisdiction for it's token sale. gibraltar was selected due its international reputation rock solid place order protect the funds both participants and token sale distributors addition the jurisdictions' progressive stance cryptocurrency and its regulation (gibraltar plans regulate distributable ledger technology january modultrade has formed special purpose vehicle for the purpose the token sale the token sale company (tsc) which will the holder the funds raised pre-sale and token sale. multi signature wallet participants the mtrc token sale will send their funds secure, audited multi signature wallet, which shall controlled suitably qualified entity that shall ensure that funds are only drawn down accordance with the procedure agreed prior the token sale. cyber security the modultrade token sale page and all other pages owned modultrade its partner organisations have been fully audited top cyber security professional order reduce risks. conclusion the blockchain has laid the foundations for disrupting the trade finance industry, streamlining daunting process and providing msmes access global trade easier and trustful way. modultrade seizing this opportunity eliminating the traditional barriers for entry the global trade ith the creation value ecosystem leveraging smart-contract blockchain-based multi-sided platform (msp): mln micro, small and medium enterprises (msme) will able meet, commit and execute trade globally easily, trustfully and efficiently, thus increasing their revenues and reducing the costs global trading; third-party developers service providers will able gain access wide target users clients, while reducing development and user acquisition costs. one the key elements the new msp the modultrade crypto token (mtrc), token based ethereum, which will used key for the users connect the global trade network and transact the modultrade's value ecosystem (mve). the mtrc will: enable its participants exchange value real-time, globally and cost-effective way; help support third parties' applications, thus releasing the full potential mve and ultimately democratizing global commerce. modultrade will contribute the growth this value ecosystem acting fully integrated end-to-end marketplace, increasing the presence third-party developers and service providers and reaching critical mass users for the most relevant market segments modultrade aspires access huge potential market msmes turnover through the network and technology, which will help reinvent the global trade. msmes will find new and easy ways transfer goods and services, reshaping their value chains, thus increasing revenues and saving time, transaction costs, replacement costs and the cost risk unprecedented way. when adopted the mtrc will serve the unbanked the emerging markets. joining modultrade and the mtrc will democratize global trade! modultrade the freedom trade disclaimers financial mtrcs are tokens modultrade's blockchain-based platform and value ecosystem. they are not refundable, nor are they securities for speculation. there promise future performance. there suggestion promise that mtrc has will hold particular value. mtrcs give rights the company and not represent participation the company. mtrcs are sold functional utility. any value received company may spent without conditions. mtrcs are meant only for experts cryptographic tokens and blockchain-based software systems. legal the purpose this white paper present the modultrade's project the potential participants the crypto token (mtrc), connection with the proposed token launch. the information set forth below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. its sole purpose provide relevant and reasonable information potential token participants order help them determine whether undertake thorough analysis the company with the intent acquiring mtrc tokens. nothing this white paper shall deemed constitute prospectus any sort solicitation for investment, nor does any way pertain offering solicitation offer buy any securities any jurisdiction. this document not composed accordance with, and not subject to, laws regulations any jurisdiction which are designed protect participants. certain statements, estimates and financial information contained this white paper constitute forward-looking statements information. such forward-looking statements information involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties which may cause actual events results differ materially from the estimates the results implied expressed such forward-looking statements. this english language white paper the primary official source information about the mtrc token launch. the information contained herein may from time time translated into other languages used the course written verbal communications with existing and prospective customers, partners etc. the course such translation communication some the information contained herein may lost, corrupted, misrepresented. the accuracy such alternative communications cannot guaranteed. the event any conflicts inconsistencies between such translations and communications and this official english language white paper, the provisions this english language original document shall prevail. references trade finance disrupted: blockchain use case the capco institute journal financial transformation journal ndeg andre brunner associate partner, capco nourdine abderrahmane principal consultant, capco arjun muralidharan senior consultant, capco patrick halfpap partner corporate, fieldfisher llp oliver sume partner technology, outsourcing and privacy, fieldfisher llp stephan zimprich partner enforcement and litigation, fieldfisher llp world trade report, levelling the trading field for smes multi-sided platforms: from microfoundations design and expansion strategies andrei hagiu november kfw research focus economics smes' value chains are becoming more international europe remains key no. august author: jennifer abel-koch, research@kfw.de pricing strategies electronic marketplaces with two-sided network externalities byungjoon yoo, vidyanand choudhary, tridas mukhopadhyay graduate school industrial administration carnegie mellon university, pittsburgh, {byoo, veecee, tridas}@andrew.cmu.edu how catalysts ignite: the economics platform-based start-ups david evans* forthcoming, gawer, (ed) (), platforms, markets and innovation, cheltenham, and northampton, ma, us: edward elgar. september design options paper sme value chains peer learning innovation agencies about innovation support smes transnational business value chains innosup project csa-ls european university institute robert schuman centre for advanced studies global governance programme supply chains and the internalization smes: evidence from italy giorgia giovannetti, enrico marvasi, marco sanfilippo eui working paper rscas international construction market survey overstretched and over-reliant: polarised market. (c) turner townsend. all rights reserved june study sme cluster value chain provinces along the southern economic corridor and southern coastal corridor the greater mekong subregion, november https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/financialsector/brief/smes-finance https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/modularity_(networks) http://www.investopedia.com/terms/l/letterofcredit.asp https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/letter_of_credit failure launch: critical mass platform businesses, david evans, and richard schmalensee https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/financialsector/brief/smes-finance blockchain for trade finance: real-time visibility and reduced fraud roger strukhoff and carlo gutierrez march integrating smes into global value chains, challenges and policy actions asia, asian development bank institute the psd playbook backbase, https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/financialsector/brief/smes-finance trust, trade, and moral progress: how market exchange promotes trustworthiness jonathan anomaly duke university and unc chapel hill social philosophy and policy https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/how-supply-chain-trade-finance-becomes-most-relevant -use-tabbakh https://ethereum.stackexchange.com/questions//how-many-transactions-can-the-n etwork-handle https://medium.com/@fehrsam/scaling-ethereum-to-billions-of-users-fdfdb https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/financialsector/brief/smes-finance https://www.bancor.network/static/bancor_protocol_whitepaper_en.pdf definitions api pplication programming interface. arpu average return per user usiness business. blockchain originally block chain distributed database that used maintain continuously growing list records, called blocks. cac ustomer acquisition costs. critical mass according the catalytic ignition and critical mass concept shown figure there range minimal number customers each group that, achieved, provides thick enough market sufficiently liquid market permit sustainable growth. once catalyst achieves critical mass c'-c'', for example, can grow its profit-maximizing potential the long run. dtam igital thread for additive manufacturing. e-commerce electronic commerce. fintech financial technology. gvc global value chains. iot nternet things. letter credit. mit massachusetts institute technology. modultrade's reputation system program allowing users rate each other within mve, order build trust through reputation. modultrade project project for building value ecosystem for global trade (the mve), based multi-sided, blockchain-based smart-contract platform (the mtp). mve modultrade value ecosystem. modultrade. mtp modultrade blockchain based smart-contract platform. mtrc modultrade crypto token. msme micro, small and medium enterprises; msp multi-sided platform. psd revised payment service directive smart-contract are computer protocols intended facilitate, verify, enforce the negotiation performance contract. smart-contract platform replicates traditional trade finance instruments (letter credit and bank guarantee) and allows msme establish trust their trade agreements. smes small and medium-sized enterprises. users means mve participants micro, small and medium enterprises who buy and sell goods and services their day day business activity. value elements.