white paper june, executive summary three significant problems that merchants face: trust and reputation, payments, and inability reach the growing ethereum economy trust and reputation problem global e-commerce inability participate token-enabled digital asset economy potentially worth expensive and long payment process monetha's solution: decentralized trust and reputation system working flawlessly together through blockchain based payment gateway universal decentralized trust and reputation system the ethereum blockchain. ensuring trust global commerce. mobile payments solution accept mobile ethereum based cryptocurrency payments generally cheaper and faster. enabling merchants reach trillion digital asset economy product architecture and product development timeline smart contracts workflows beta version the product intended product architecture product development roadmap. market opportunity and business model market opportunity business model marketing and strategy loyalty program network effect crowdsale details mth creation ratios price batch until the soft cap reached: eth mth price batch after the soft cap reached: eth mth. mth tokens incentive program budget legal team monetha team monetha advisory team references executive summary e-commerce worldwide sales were usd trillion and are projected increase usd trillion e-commerce share retail sales expected increase from furthermore, according statista, the number people buying goods services online will increase from billion above billion despite the explosive growth, three major problems still exist: trust and reputation building trust difficult, and centrally governed big marketplaces. there inability transfer trust from one centralized service another, and thus need establish relationship with each merchant separately. moreover, merchant's history not recorded, there ability punish fraudulent buyers merchants. huge efforts and advertising budgets are needed create trust merchant not part centralized marketplace. expensive and long payment process: there are (!) different steps settle the transaction and (!) different fees pay for payment gateways. transaction fees range from chargeback fees usd moreover, existing payment gateways rarely offer simple solution for merchant accept mobile payments their website point sale terminals. inability reach the growing ethereum economy: today, merchants cannot accept payments ether, which has reached market cap usd june th. moreover, totally new digital asset class being created: tokens products that are built the ethereum platform. the rise new kind digital assets enables the creation token-based digital asset economy. expected that global gdp will generated blockchains merchants will definitely want participate the blockchain created economy. monetha creating universal decentralized trust and reputation solution working flawlessly together with mobile payments processing the ethereum blockchain leveraging smart contract technology. universal/transferable trust and reputation system: every time transaction made the blockchain will record the time the transaction, both receiving and sending wallet addresses, warranty conditions, delivery time, and all other information that typically needed ensure trust. all the sensitive information will hashed and only available authorized users beautifully designed user interface. based that information, clients and merchants will able file/solve claim, rate each other, etc. every time transaction made, claim registered, solved unsolved (according the purchase details saved during the purchase), review written, etc., the smart contract will automatically change the trust level for each the parties involved. mobile payments solution: with the help the ethereum blockchain, are able make payments with only step and fee, which results accepting payments generally cheaper and faster for merchants. after simple integration with monetha, merchants will able to: use our decentralized trust and reputation system, accept ethereum based tokens, accept mobile payments, and easily convert cryptocurrency their local fiat currency. enabling merchants reach trillion digital asset economy: developing monetha, will not only allow merchants participate trustful decentralized economy, but also reach the growing digital asset economy through our payment solution. the world bank estimates that global gdp will generated blockchains the gdp estimated for $t, thus the value generated through blockchain expected (%). mobile payments: according boston consulting group, the payment industry about experience huge shift towards mobile payments: mobile payment volume was usd billion the us. expected increase almost reach $bn the alone, mobile share total ecommerce expected increase total e-commerce was business model: monetha will only have one fee transaction fee for merchants. token and token ecosystem: monetha's revenue will put the "voucher smart contract" form mth tokens our token holders with ability claim for voucher proportionately the amount mth tokens they hold. token holders will receive voucher mth (monetha's currency) use discount when buying from monetha's merchants. this voucher would proportional the amount the mth tokens held. loyalty program: order encourage network effect and create ecosystem for the monetha token, are going introduce loyalty program for merchants. every purchase made via the monetha payment system will reward the client the merchant with (the exact percentage might change over time) the value the transaction monetha tokens from the monetha loyalty pool. three significant problems that merchants face: trust and reputation, payments, and inability reach the growing ethereum economy e-commerce has grown unprecedented rate and projected grow even higher rate over the coming years. according "statista", retail e-commerce sales worldwide were usd trillion and are projected increase usd trillion the growth perfectly illustrated the number shops created the shopify platform. they had shops and ended with almost merchants the platform growth over years. e-commerce also gaining greater weight total retail sales globally. expected increase from furthermore, according statista, the number people buying goods services online will increase from billion above billion despite the super high growth e-commerce, merchants face three major problems: trust and reputation, expensive and long payment process, and inability reach the growing ethereum ecosystem, with market cap billion and its corresponding ethereum token economy. trust and reputation problem global e-commerce building trust difficult. takes time and costs lot money. it's even more difficult for new small merchants. trust and reputation are extremely important for participants today's global commerce. people are more likely buy from trusted merchants; therefore, merchants are striving maximise their trust rating/reputation and build loyal customer base. according econsultancy, customers read online reviews before making purchase decision. moreover, according reevo stats, customers are more likely make purchase from site which has user reviews and proven trust rating. consumer reviews are significantly more trusted (nearly times more) than descriptions that come from manufacturers, according survey internet users the online video review site expo. furthermore, shopify, one their merchant blogs, emphasized that "showing that others trust you" vital merchant's success. there are, however, few major problems regarding trust that merchants face today's global e-commerce. the trust and reputation system facilitate commerce only possible closed marketplaces, which are controlled central authority. order build trust, you have join one few the closed marketplaces, such as: amazon, ebay, alibaba, etc. joining them, merchant must accept all their rules; for example, commission from sales. merchants have ability transfer their trust rate from one centralized service another. for example, once you become trusted amazon, you still must build your trust ebay another marketplace. merchants have invest considerable effort and finance into their brand and advertising they not want join the centralized marketplace that facilitates trust and reputation. buyers need establish relationship with each merchant separately. moreover, buyer's history not available for merchants make decisions. being trusted with one merchant doesn't mean you are trusted with another. there ability punish fraudulent buyers merchants and reflect that their history. most fraud happens due stolen cards stolen credit card information. card fraud reached billion figure that expected rise billion according advanced payment report conducted with the help wirecard.de, merchants say fraud will remain prime concern for online payments. large e-commerce and m-commerce merchants lose and revenues respectively fraud according the true cost fraud study. there are millions e-commerce merchants outside closed marketplaces that need universal trust and reputation system order trusted their clients. order build global trust e-commerce, need universal trust and reputation system payments and commerce using monetha will done directly between two unknown parties using much-needed decentralized, smart contract based, trust and reputation system expensive and long payment process despite having wide variety different payment gateways and processing companies, the following major problems still exist for merchants: costly and complex transaction settlements with (!) steps accept and settle transactions. (!) different type fees including transaction fee between and chargeback fee usd extremely high cross-border transaction fees. long transaction times ranging from days several weeks receive their money. e-commerce payment processors often hold merchants' money for week due higher probability chargebacks during first week after purchase. mobile payments. mobile payment solutions are fragmented and not available universally simply not easy use despite strong consumer appetite leverage them. payment processors rarely offer simple solution for merchant accept mobile payments current payment process the picture below describes the payment confirmation rejection steps the time payment regardless being physical store, e-commerce m-commerce. the process complex and includes additional steps settle the transaction. total, you have steps for money transferred from the client's bank account the merchant's bank account. merchant fees merchants have pay (!) different types fees order accept payments from their customers. transactional fees stand somewhere between and per transaction plus fixed fee which between usd and usd for example: every time someone makes transaction for usd the merchant average pays *((.+.)/) ((.+.)/)) usd for banks, credit card associations, payment gateways and processors. retrieval request fee and chargeback fee are paid when someone claims for chargeback. the best-known payment gateways such paypal and stripe charge merchants usd chargeback fee. addition the chargeback fee, there work done the retailer prove the transaction was done respecting the rules. this costs time and money. when the info missing, the charge reversed even was legit. flat fees include: terminal fees buy the needed terminal for retail merchants, pci fees paid payment card industry for compliance noncompliance, and others, such as: annual fees monthly fees monthly minimum fees irs reporting fees network fees etc. incidental fees that consist of: address verification service (avs) voice authorization fee (vaf), batch fee, and nfs fee. cross-border fees. paypal, for example, charges the merchant transaction fee fixed fee (depends the currency), instead fixed fee (depends the currency) the funds the merchant receiving comes from outside the u.s. finally, some payment gateways and/or processing companies like keep their fee structure hidden totally incomprehensible the average merchant. long fund transfer time there are lot different parties involved moving the money from one bank account another (or from one country another), often takes days settle the transaction for international payments, can take week even more moreover, payment gateways more often than not hold your money for week. that often causes cash flow problems for small merchants. mobile payments according statcounter, october was the first ever month the history when more users around the world accessed the internet from mobile devices than from desktop computers. all users, used mobile devices while used computers. moreover, according statista, approximately internet usage will mobile the same time, mobile payments are projected increase from usd .bn usd the problem that most e-commerce and retail payment gateways and/or terminals were developed accept and process payments using physical credit cards, and their core, cards are not mobile-friendly. payment gateways rarely offer simple solution for merchant accept mobile payments their website point sale terminals. inability participate token-enabled digital asset economy potentially worth the market cap all the ethereum tokens growing extraordinarily fast. ether reached market cap usd june th. but most importantly, totally new market digital assets being created: tokens projects that are built ethereum platform. the rise new kind digital assets enables the creation token-based digital asset economy correspondent bloomberg talks about here starting from the world bank estimates that global gdp will generated blockchains the gdp estimated for $t, thus the value generated through blockchain expected (%). today, merchants don't have opportunity access that money. they will have considerable incentive participate the token economy within the next few years. monetha's solution: decentralized trust and reputation system working flawlessly together through blockchain based payment gateway are creating decentralized payment and trust solution the ethereum blockchain leveraging smart contract technology. the payment solution works flawlessly together with our decentralized trust and reputation system. merchants will able accept ethereum based cryptocurrencies and exchange them with traditional (fiat) currencies. merchants and customers will participate global decentralized commerce with total trust. monetha mission to: develop global decentralized trust and reputation system for tomorrow's global e-commerce. make the payment process simple and efficient: only one step make ccepting payments for merchants generally cheaper and times faster. provide opportunity for merchants accept mobile payments. bring the ethereum-based token economy the mainstream. expand ethereum real-world application infrastructure. simple words: our mission develop and deploy the best transaction system that would based enforceable contracts without third party between consumer and merchants and strong decentralised reputation management system. transaction and fund transfer will done one step together with the enforceable sale contract. transaction fees would simplified from many simple transaction fee wherever the consumer and merchants are located the planet. universal decentralized trust and reputation system the ethereum blockchain. ensuring trust global commerce. building trust difficult because: merchants need become part centrally governed marketplace, like amazon, ebay, alibaba, etsy, etc, where they must pay sales commission. merchants cannot transfer their trust from one centralized service another. merchants need invest huge efforts and budgets into brand and advertising not being part centralized marketplace. complicated conflict management using existing system. buyers need establish relationship with each merchant separately and their history not transparent. there ability punish fraudulent buyers merchants and reflect that their history. monetha's trust and reputation system will universal, transparent, transferable, self-executing, not controlled central authority, and working flawlessly together with payment solution. how works every time transaction made, matter it's retail e-commerce, the blockchain will save the time the transaction, both the receiving and sending addresses, warranty conditions, delivery time, and all other information that typically needed ensure the trust. all the sensitive information will hashed and only available authorized users beautifully designed user interface. based that information, clients and merchants will able file/solve claim, rate each other, etc. default trust rates will created for both merchant and client using the monetha ecosystem for the first time. trust rating will assigned specific wallet address. every time transaction made, claim registered, solved unsolved (according the purchase details saved during the purchase), review written, etc., the smart contract will automatically change the trust level for each the parties involved. the merchant trust rating once the merchant starts accepting mobile ethereum based currency payments using monetha, default trust rating will created. smart contract will automatically change the trust rating according the behavior the merchant. for example: does the merchant react claims from clients? does merchant react quickly claims from clients? clients rate the merchant for delivering products promised: time, advertised and good quality? does the merchant have good reviews from clients? different weights will assigned different actions. the trust rating will visible everyone the most common and typical places, such the footer the merchant's website mobile app. the only way the merchant can increase the trust rating providing products services advertised and good condition. trust client's trust rating the main reason create trust rating for the client decrease the likelihood fraudulent buyers and offer loyalty features for trustful buyers. once client buys something from merchant using monetha for the first time, the default trust rating for that client will automatically created and linked the wallet address that client. the client trust rating will updated automatically the smart contract based his her behavior. different weights will assigned different actions. for example: what the client's claim history? how many claims has the user made? are those claims being resolved? have all the previous claims been solved with merchants? purchase history: behavior, frequency, etc. the trust rate the client will available see the blockchain and visible user-friendly interface merchants once the purchase made. the client's trust rating will visible the blockchain monetha's mobile app. totally decentralized e-commerce, important that merchants have information about the client the most important thing for merchant avoid someone who does hazardous things purpose. that happens, the merchant will able decrease the client's trust rating significantly. based that information, other merchants will able decide whether they want sell products client with low trust rating. claims, reviews and conflict management. every purchase will saved the blockchain together with the time the transaction, both receiving and sending addresses, warranty conditions, estimated delivery date, the product that was bought and all other information that typically needed ensure trust. the following information will available both parties: the merchant will have all the information about every transaction with the above-mentioned details his profile the monetha system. the client will able see all his purchases together with the above-mentioned details only his profile within the monetha mobile app. based that information, parties will have opportunity file/resolve claims, review, and rate each other transparent way. smart contract will automatically decrease increase the trust rating. that kind management conflict resolution through smart contracts will help each party deal with the situation faster, easier and cheaper (no chargeback fees for the merchant). examples claim. once the client makes purchase, all the needed information saved the blockchain. order see that information, the client must download the monetha app. once logs in, sees all the purchases made with particular wallet address anywhere using monetha payment gateway the client selects the particular purchase not happy about, and initiates claim providing the details the claim, e.g., the product broken. the merchant's trust rating immediately decreased, the merchant incentivized solve the problem quickly possible. the merchant receives the notification about the claim, looks the details and contacts the client off-chain. client and merchant agree the solution and one the parties initiates resolution pressing the "claim resolved" button the mobile app the merchant system. details how the situation was resolved (product changed, money returned, etc.) must provided well. the details are saved the blockchain. the other party gets the notification, reads the details and agrees pressing "claim resolved". once the claim resolved, trust rating increased for both parties instantly. reviews clients and merchants will able write reviews about each other. written reviews will have more weight each other's trust rating than just "silent" transactions without review. for example, client's review about good product and customer service will increase the merchant's trust rating more than just simple "silent" transaction without writing review. reviews about the merchant will visible the mobile app for client. merchants will see the reviews clients have written about them their system. all reviews, good and bad, will automatically reflected the trust rating the client and the merchant sales contracts merchant can propose day return policy questions asked. this merchant will better position sell than the one who does not offer return policy. these rules will published the merchant. smart contract will ensure merchants and consumers are respecting their commitments each other and the rating system will reflect that. how the likelihood fraud reduced with global decentralized reputation and trust system the trust rate will available and visible everyone the ecosystem that parties are incentivized increase their trust rating, which will enable better decision-making and safer e-commerce environment. moreover, will offer incentives such reduced transaction fee, faster transaction times, etc., for those who hold higher ratings and proven history. this level transparency could decrease fraud significantly least make more difficult. illustrate this point, kevin kelly, the author book titled "out control", wrote: pretty good society needs more than just anonymity. online civilization requires online anonymity, online identification, online authentication, online reputations, online trust holders, online signatures, online privacy, and online access. all are essential ingredients any open society. bring this the next level. want create transferable trust system that every merchant, big and small, retail e-commerce, will able join global decentralized trust rating system accepting mobile payments with monetha. mobile payments solution accept mobile ethereum based cryptocurrency payments generally cheaper and faster. after simple integration with monetha, merchants will able to: use our decentralized trust and reputation system. accept ethereum based tokens. easily convert cryptocurrency fiat currency. how works: e-commerce example clients will pick their items, add them the cart and select that they will pay through the monetha gateway instead other available options such credit card paypal. the amount needed pay converted the selected ethereum based currency (token) from traditional currency real-time. code generated which the client scans with any crypto wallet his mobile app and presses "send". money arrives merchant's smart contract wallet approximately minutes. the amount ethereum based currency received exchanged merchant's preferred fiat currency according the merchant's preference via kraken another crypto exchange api. merchants will able choose the frequency which crypto tokens are converted fiat, the local currency exchange to, time sending money their bank account, and many other options. monetha easy, fast, cheap, and guaranteed smart contracts. how merchant payment fees and transaction time are resolved the picture below shows how blockchain changes the method payment. the transaction goes from customer merchant directly; ditching all the intermediaries the process and saving merchants huge amount time and money. there need close settle anything for merchant anymore. the settlement and closing happens the same time the transaction. there only step instead the payment now goes directly from the client merchant instead waiting for weeks see the funds, arrives approximately minutes after the purchase matter where the world the purchase was made. far payment fees are concerned, instead types fees merchants may pay using standard payment gateway; with monetha, they will have only fee transaction fee .%. the chargeback fee goes away well once the merchant agrees send the money back, they just send the money back and pay the transaction fee. ridiculously high chargeback fees anymore. addition, the pain (time and money prove the transaction legit) gone. moreover, the decentralized trust and reputation system helps decrease the rate fraudulent payments well. ultimately, it's cheaper and faster for merchants accept payments with monetha: with transparent fee structure with chargeback hidden fees, and beautiful user interface with smart contract enabled wallet security. smart contract based wallet for merchants the merchant's account acts the equivalent bank account that stores funds and enforces security. the crucial fact here that it's only controlled the user, the merchant. today, banks hold higher authority because they run the database that points the database entry which says you have that money and you have trust that your money safe. banks own the control that database and authority grant deny the access the money they hold. not anymore. monetha will not able suspend, hold prevent any transaction. instead, permissionless transactions will guaranteed the smart contract. instantly, and promised. more headache not knowing where the merchant's money and why it's being withheld. merchants can customize their settings fit their preferences, such as: how much funds exchange with the local currency. how ften exchange. others. with monetha, are giving control merchant funds back into their own hands and giving them easy-to-manage control their funds received from selling goods services which safeguarded the security smart contracts. now, merchants can have better security and substantially improved usability. literally merchant becoming his own bank. case studies: merchant fees and transaction time merchant fees john the owner small e-commerce store selling t-shirts for usd was always frustrated the transactions fees paid the banks and other intermediaries. one day, found out about monetha through financial news article and decided try out. took him only few minutes get started. now the transaction money goes directly from the client his account. that means that from now on, john will not only able accept mobile payments, but also, more importantly, instead paying every intermediary the payment process from %+. %+. per transaction, john now pays only per transaction. instead paying eur average every time someone buys t-shirt, john will now only pay eur per transaction using monetha his mobile payments processor. that's times cheaper average! moreover, monetha exchanges ethereum based currencies with his local currency and sends the money his bank according predefined settings: upon his request automatically. transaction time and cash flow problems. e-commerce merchant. peter has website where sells various home appliances customers all around the globe for almost years now. knows money just digit that must exchanged once the transaction made. that's why cannot believe how long takes for him receive the funds after client places order. the client local, the funds show his bank account days. but the client from the other side the world, may take weeks for funds show his bank account. has trust the client and the banks and ship the product before receives the funds. moreover, the payment gateway often holds the money for week. because the time takes for him receive the money, often experiences cash flow problems and, consequently, not able pay his suppliers. one day, friend peter told him about monetha. the friend told him that takes minutes receive money with monetha after purchase was made. with monetha, peter can accept mobile payments and receive funds instantly matter where the client after the purchase made. longer has trust banks, payment gateways pdf files generated proof payment that clients send him. furthermore, monetha solved his cash flow problems instantly. receives funds, can ship products instantly and order more shoes without fear not being able pay. enabling merchants reach trillion digital asset economy developing monetha, will not only allow merchants participate trustful decentralized economy, but also reach the growing digital asset economy through our payment solution. growth ether currency and the ethereum ecosystem's digital token economy shown above, correspondent for bloomberg talks about ethereum's potential here starting from ethereum platform that enables the creation decentralised applications. result, has facilitated the emergence new and exclusively digital asset class: tokens. discussed above, the world bank estimates that global gdp, which approximately $t, will through blockchains illustrate the fact, let look the graph below showing the growth altcoins. this growth influenced the ascendency ether currency and the expansion ethereum-based tokens. the graph below shows the growth ether's market cap. market capitalization stands approximately usd billion june th. has grown ~,% since may very likely that ethereum will the number one cryptocurrency platform soon because facilitates the creation ecosystem that bitcoin cannot match. the same time, gets harder and harder make transactions bitcoin: according www.blockchain.info the "average confirmation time" confirm transaction was minutes june and "cost per transaction" was approximately usd merchants cannot use services such bitpay accept bitcoin payments when transaction time that long and the cost per transaction that high. this fact causes bitcoin's weight relative other currencies decrease dramatically and the graph below demonstrates that pretty well. just few months ago, bitcoin accounted for more than all the market cap cryptocurrencies. june th, it's approximately while ethereum already .%. ethereum one the reasons why the relative weight bitcoin decreasing. product architecture and product development timeline smart contracts workflows smart contracts will enable facilitate payment solution working flawlessly together with decentralized trust and reputation system between parties via the blockchain. number smart contracts, detailed structure, and functionality will defined and finalized during development. illustrate the intended functionality, provide sample workflows illustrating the purchase and claim process and how they affect the trust rate for both parties. client makes purchase claim workflows the sample workflows below demonstrate the process when the client initiates claim, which resolved together with the merchant. will introduce incentives for merchants and clients handle the claims fast and keep trust level high for both sides. client files claim the merchant responds claim, finds solution together with the client and provides resolution details the client and merchant resolve the claim resolution "offline" monetha's off-chain messaging system. after both parties agree resolution terms, the merchant enters those terms (e.g. money back, shipping out new product,, etc.) into the merchant's user interface. resolution terms are saved the blockchain. the merchant then waits for client's confirmation. client confirms resolution the claim resolved relatively quickly, the merchant gets relatively higher trust rating upgrade. the client's trust rating also upgraded once the claim resolved. intended product architecture beta version the product goal beta version: provide platform for e-commerce merchants expand their online payment solutions and accept mobile payments ethereum-based currencies. show the potential "trustlevel" mechanism which will help increase the transparency e-commerce, which both merchants and clients will benefit from. have developed solution where the merchant receives monetha payment gateway script that can integrated into any shopping cart website (some scripting knowledge required). the workflow simple: the user picks items she wants, adds them the basket and selects pay with eth. monetha servers generate code with all the needed underlying order information such order number, price, currency, warranty, delivery option, etc. the client must scan the code during defined time limit otherwise needs re-initiate payment. after the client scans the code with his preferred mobile crypto wallet and presses "send", the transaction sent the blockchain together with purchase details. once the transaction has received several confirmations, the client notified was successful. after few minutes, the merchant sees the money arrive his wallet. during further development phases, will introduce merchant smart contract wallet enable rates, limits, and automatic exchange local currency. aim integrate with merchants early beta product stage, and together with them, improve and test the solution. early participation will allow them influence what features should included the roadmap. will also enable them expand their market reach, and through simple setup start accepting online payments with eth. after its launch, will invite merchants beta programs experiment with the newly introduced features. product development roadmap. the product development timeline might not final and subject change depending the feedback receive from our initial customers. phase e-commerce and first version the trust rating eur goal: develop fully-functional payment gateway with user interface for e-commerce merchants and enable them accept eth currency while leveraging first version trust level mechanism. time: early phase full e-commerce solution accept ethereum-based tokens and exchange them fiat currency: eur goal: accept not only ether currency, but also ethereum-based tokens and enable merchants exchange ethereum currencies fiat currency and transfer funds their preferred account. moreover, smart contract wallets, real-time analytics, and dashboards for merchants will introduced during this stage time: mid phase monetha wallet for clients loyalty program significant improvement decentralized trust and reputation algorithm: eur goal: make significant step towards fully working decentralized trust and reputation system: improvement decentralized trust and reputation algorithm together with monetha smart contract based mobile wallet for making/solving claims, rating merchants, writing reviews, etc. review purchase history, see clients' and merchants' trust rating, etc. finally, the loyalty program will enabled during this stage development. time: late phase full functionality the decentralized trust and reputation system eur goal: this level financing will allow fully develop globalized trust and reputation system enable both parties initiate/resolve claims that global trust rate would reflect "the true trust both parties". reviews will enabled, which will have significant weight trust rate for merchants and clients. trust system algorithm will improved facilitate claims and client reviews. mobile wallet version mobile in-app sdk and other improvements merchant's interface will developed during this phase. time: early phase retail eur goal: develop and introduce the decentralized payment, trust and reputation system for retail merchants. the ability accept mobile payments ethereum-based currencies and exchange them preferred fiat currency. top-tier retail merchant interface see the purchase history, analytics, etc. time: mid-to-late market opportunity and business model the global e-commerce market size was usd trillion and expected rise usd trillion the same time, the global retail payments industry was worth usd trillion estimated increase usd trillion global payment revenue was usd trillion and should reach usd trillion according boston consulting group, the payment industry about experience huge shift towards mobile payments: mobile payment volume was usd billion the us. expected increase tenfold reach $bn only us. mobile share total ecommerce expected increase total e-commerce was merchant mobile payment acceptance network grow market opportunity explosive growth e-commerce according statista, retail e-commerce sales worldwide were usd trillion and are projected increase usd trillion the growth perfectly illustrated the number shops created shopify platform. they had shops and ended with almost merchants the platform growth over years. e-commerce also gaining greater weight total retail sales globally. expected increase from furthermore, according statista, the number people buying goods services online will increase from billion above billion explosive growth mobile and digital payments according boston consulting group, the digital payments space about witness significant disruption coming years. some trends are starting become clear that will transform the payments landscape globally over the next few years: technology will make digital payments simpler: smartphone penetration, blockchain and crypto currencies, ubiquitous connectivity, biometrics, tokenization, cloud computing, and the internet things are few trends that will shape the way consumers will transact the future. merchant mobile payment acceptance network grow mobile based payment solutions and proprietary payment networks will drive merchant acquisition offering low-investment solutions that will create economic incentives for merchants and acquirers, resulting over million merchant establishments that will accept digital/mobile payments. mobile payment volume expected increase $bn the alone. chinese mobile payments were nearly times greater than those the last year, according financial times. mobile payment with alipay wechat much more streamlined and only requires scanning code from retailer's point-of-service terminal smartphone. moreover, shown the graph below, the mobile share total e-commerce expected increase total e-commerce. in-app payments and proximity transactions are expected key catalysts growth the days ahead. however, breakout scenario, given possible disruption convenience, security and internet things, the growth rate mobile and digital payments could even higher. transaction volume and global payment revenues the payments industry enormously big. the total value global retail payments transactions was estimated usd trillion this estimated increase usd trillion the estimation comprised consumer-to-merchant transactions across retail verticals such food and grocery, apparel, consumer durables etc. digital payments contributed percent, which usd trillion, the overall global retail payments market and projected increase percent which usd trillion. the global payments revenue market size approximately usd trillion and steadily rising. most cases, global payments are the payments revenues that include direct and indirect revenues generated non-cash payment services (excluding interbank transfers). simply speaking, it's the total revenues collected financial services companies around the globe. shown the graph, the global payment revenues should reach usd trillion over the upcoming few years. business model monetha will charge transaction fee from merchants. that, will "voucher smart contract" for mth for monetha token holders for ability use that the monetha's ecosystem and other will the company revenues. interesting fact that the average traditional payment gateways take approximately only from total fee their revenue. this mark-up fee the interchange rates. for example, the total transaction fee that merchant charged $., the .%+ the interchange part that banks, credit card associations and others are dividing and the markup part which payment gateways take home revenue. not only decrease the transaction fee that merchant has pay, let alone the other fees that will not have worry about anymore, but are also left with approximately four times the rate business with. marketing and strategy network effect our strategy focused creating network effect our decentralized trust and reputation system enables that. moreover, will use the well-known bowling pin strategy: start with niche market (stage existing crypto community), and then move other niches and broader markets. stage our case, are focusing the supply side first: being accepted many locations fast possible through partnerships that enables instant scale. achieve that, will partner with payment providers that can give instant scale. are already positive talks with major players revel systems and shopify, being the biggest (as the end shopify had over merchants its platform). stage educate the initial client base the existing crypto community. main value propositions: decentralized trust system, need pay credit card network fees, spending limit. stage broader market adoption: once again: supply side first. monetha accepted even more locations globally. education general public. supply increases exposure and people are willing buy more from trusted merchants. only merchants accepting payments through monetha will guaranteed trustful decentralized reputation and trust system. once there are more people willing pay with their mobile phones trusted merchants, more merchants will join the network. network effect very well illustrated metcalfe's law for example: one telephone useless. two people with telephones can only make one connection, while five telephones make connections and twelve telephones make connections. alue network n(n )/, where number people using the network focusing the supply side first drives the demand which turn drives the supply. network effect kicks in: the more users there are, the more valuable is. this rapid adoption then self-perpetuating both sides value the access bigger network users (read 'more choice', 'higher probability finding match') coupled with the improved transaction experience. the importance network effect was very well described the vice president bessemer venture partners (investors are linkedin, shopify, etc.) this linkedin post: https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/winning-marketplace-importance-supply-side-raghavbahl the growth the ecosystem following those steps illustrated the graph below. that how, most cases, marketplaces and ecosystems are being built. loyalty program order encourage networks effects and create ecosystem for monetha token, are going introduce loyalty program for clients. that unprecedented most loyalty programs are facilitated merchants themselves and not payment providers. how does the loyalty program work? every purchase made via the monetha payment system will reward the client with (the percentage might change over time) the value the transaction monetha tokens from the monetha loyalty pool. this provided monetha matter what goods services the client buys where the merchant and client are based. loyalty tokens can used during any purchase using monetha wallet: the client picks item he/she wants buy the client has monetha tokens she/he can apply them reduce the items cost. the client gets discount. monetha tokens are converted eth real time. monetha tokens are returned monetha loyalty pool. monetha platform covers discount for the merchant, gets the full item price. monetha tokens can applied for the purchase value. the client still getting the amount paid eth (or other cryptocurrency) after loyalty applied. tokens acquired this way are eligible for discount for months. unused tokens are returned back monetha loyalty token pool. the client cannot convert tokens exchanged this way any crypto fiat currency. the merchant able provide bigger loyalty discounts for his clients adjusting his loyalty settings merchants interface. clients with high trust are eligible for higher discount percentage than .%. the exact percentage loyalty mth tokens granted with every purchase might change over time. crowdsale details the monetha crowdsale and the corresponding token creation process will issued monetha gmbh, swiss limited liability company, and will organized around smart contracts running ethereum. participants willing support the development the monetha project can sending ether currency the designated address. doing so, they are purchasing monetha tokens (mth) the rate mth per eth which are sent instantly their wallet. the accepted currency during the ico ether. the reation will capped ("soft cap") upon receipt eth equivalent eur (fixed eth). this amount subject change before the token creation event. the token creation period will last (thirty one) days, soft cap not reached sooner. the soft cap reached before the end (thirty one) days, additional contributions will accepted for hours case some contributors missed the very short window for mth creation. the crowdsale campaign does not reach its minimal capital goal eur (fixed eth) all funds will returned automatically the mth holders the ethereum smart contract. token creation has hard cap: upon achieving this cap, token creation will stop and further contributions will accepted. the hard cap amount eth. tokens that are not sold during the crowdsale will burned automatically the smart contract issuer monetha gmbh jurisdiction issuance switzerland legal qualification utility coin, not security mth created per ether mth minimal goal eur (fixed eth) soft cap eur (fixed eth) hard cap eth additional soft cap reached maximum number tokens generated tokens generated monetha team automatically locked for months smart contract. tokens generated for loyalty program automatically locked for months smart contract. tokens generated bounty campaign, advisors, partners, ico campaign costs tokens generated for future company financing automatically locked for months smart contract. tokens generated crowdsale participants date crowdsale start august date crowdsale end days until soft cap reached additional time soft cap reached mth creation ratios price batch until the soft cap reached: eth mth rice batch after the soft cap reached: eth mth. the contribution amount limits for each price batch will announced. mth tokens the monetha token will ethereum-based token value. the token digital asset, bearing value itself based its underlying assets, properties and/or associated rights. ethereum-based tokens rely well-established ethereum infrastructure, benefiting from several advantages: security and predictability (as opposed to, for example, having run independent blockchain network). use robust and well-supported clients (ethereum-based tokens can managed with official ethereum clients). high liquidity (interchangeable with other ethereum-based tokens ether), easier listing exchanges with infrastructure already place. our ethereum-based token contract complies with the erc standard. more detailed info about the erc standard can obtained from: https://github.com/ethereum/eips/issues/ incentive program always with the scope create network effect, monetha has decided increase the purchase value the mth the monetha platform, shifting monetha's revenue the "voucher smart contract" with ability claim for voucher proportionately the amount mth tokens that they hold. token holders will receive voucher mth (monetha's currency) use discount when shopping with monetha's merchants. this voucher would proportional the amount the mth tokens held. here's how works: *let's say have investors mth holders, holding mth each. now, all token holders equally hold the total token supply. *let's say monetha's merchants sold eth worth goods and services one month and let's say that eth mth. because monetha takes transaction fee from merchants, monetha will have eth revenue collected. *for this scenario, monetha's revenue means eth eth. therefore, will put mth the "voucher smart contract". get mth voucher that available use for mth holders monetha's ecosystem. all mth holders will equally have the ability use mth voucher when shopping with monetha's merchants. this case, one token holder will able spend mth (=. mth each). this voucher will redeemable you transfer your mth tokens the smart contract address the day every month. then, within the hour window, your mth tokens will returned your wallet. you will able accumulate your voucher each month and spend the amount you collected over the month period the monetha's ecosystem. each month's collected mth voucher will viable spend for the upcoming months. unclaimed/unused revenue from vouchers will put pool for the next month. the mth voucher not compare the mth token. the voucher not transferable, cannot sold and can only used for purchasing discounted goods the monetha platform. the duration this incentive program will stay full discretion monetha, but will least last for the first months starting from the first purchasing activity the platform. budget field portion budget activities legal company establishment, contracts with merchants, etc. product development product development according development roadmap operations management, employee salaries. marketing, sales, merchant acquisition partnerships expenses for attracting merchants, making partnerships with payment providers, loyalty program legal general information the monetha token does not have the legal qualification security, since does not give any rights dividends interests. the sale monetha tokens final and non-refundable. monetha tokens are not shares and not give any right participate the general meeting monetha gmbh. monetha tokens cannot have performance particular value outside the monetha platform. monetha tokens shall therefore not used purchased for speculative investment purposes. the purchaser monetha tokens aware that national securities laws, which ensure that investors are sold investments that include all the proper disclosures and are subject regulatory scrutiny for the investors' protection, are not applicable. anyone purchasing monetha tokens expressly acknowledges and represents that she/he has carefully reviewed this white paper and fully understands the risks, costs and benefits associated with the purchase monetha. knowledge required the purchaser monetha tokens undertakes that she/he understands and has significant experience cryptocurrencies, blockchain systems and services, and that she/he fully understands the risks associated with the crowdsale well the mechanism related the use cryptocurrencies (incl. storage). monetha shall not responsible for any loss monetha tokens situations making impossible access monetha tokens, which may result from any actions omissions the user any person undertaking acquire monetha tokens, well case hacker attacks. risks acquiring monetha tokens and storing them involves various risks, particular the risk that monetha gbmh may not able launch its operations and develop its blockchain and provide the services promised. therefore, and prior acquiring monetha tokens, any user should carefully consider the risks, costs and benefits acquiring monetha tokens the context the crowdsale and, necessary, obtain any independent advice this regard. any interested person who not the position accept understand the risks associated with the activity (incl. the risks related the non-development the monetha platform) any other risks indicated the terms conditions the crowdsale should not acquire monetha tokens. important disclaimer this white paper shall not and cannot considered invitation enter into investment. does not constitute relate any way nor should considered offering securities any jurisdiction. this white paper does not include contain any information indication that might considered recommendation that might used basis for any investment decision. monetha tokens are just utility tokens which can used only the monetha platform and are not intended used investment. the offering monetha tokens trading platform done order allow the use the monetha platform and not for speculative purposes. the offering monetha tokens trading platform does not change the legal qualification the tokens, which remain simple means for the use the monetha platform and are not security. monetha gmbh not considered advisor any legal, tax financial matters. any information the white paper provided for general information purposes only and monetha gmbh does not provide any warranty the accuracy and completeness this information. monetha gmbh not financial intermediary according swiss law and not required obtain any authorization for anti money laundering purposes. acquiring monetha tokens shall not grant any right influence over monetha gmbh's organization and governance the purchasers. regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated cryptocurrencies the world. that respect, regulatory measures, investigations actions may impact monetha gmbh's business and even limit prevent from developing its operations the future. any person undertaking acquire monetha tokens must aware the monetha gmbh business model, the white paper terms and conditions may change need modified because new regulatory and compliance requirements from any applicable laws any jurisdictions. such case, purchasers and anyone undertaking acquire monetha tokens acknowledge and understand that neither monetha gmbh nor any its affiliates shall held liable for any direct indirect loss damage caused such changes. monetha gmbh will its utmost launch its operations and develop the monetha platform. anyone undertaking acquire monetha tokens acknowledges and understands that monetha gmbh does not provide any guarantee that will manage achieve it. they acknowledge and understand therefore that monetha gmbh (incl. its bodies and employees) assumes liability responsibility for any loss damage that would result from relate the incapacity use monetha tokens, except case intentional misconduct gross negligence. representation and warranties participating the crowdsale, the purchaser agrees the above and particular, they represent and warrant that they: have read carefully the terms and conditions attached the white paper; agree their full contents and accept legally bound them; are authorized and have full power purchase monetha tokens according the laws that apply their jurisdiction domicile; are neither citizen resident; live jurisdiction which allows monetha gmbh sell monetha tokens through crowdsale without requiring any local authorization; are familiar with all related regulations the specific jurisdiction which they are based and that purchasing cryptographic tokens that jurisdiction not prohibited, restricted subject additional conditions any kind; will not use the crowdsale for any illegal activity, including but not limited money laundering and the financing terrorism; have sufficient knowledge about the nature the cryptographic tokens and have significant experience with, and functional understanding of, the usage and intricacies dealing with cryptographic tokens and currencies and blockchain-based systems and services; purchase monetha tokens because they wish have access the monetha platform; are not purchasing monetha tokens for the purpose speculative investment usage. governing law and arbitration any dispute controversy arising from under the crowdsale shall resolved arbitration accordance with the swiss rules international arbitration the swiss chamber commerce force the date when the notice arbitration submitted accordance with these rules. the arbitration panel shall consist one arbitrator only. the seat the arbitration shall lugano, switzerland. the arbitral proceedings shall conducted english. team monetha team andrej ruckij: co-founder, technology. linkedin the mastermind architect "monetha" technology. blockchain geek. earned gigantic experience vice president development "adform", global digital advertising company. engineering star who built and led more than engineers build scalable technology "adform" now used globally. with degree computer science, andrej recognized one the thought leaders "agile" software development philosophy, and proof that, runs one the most read "agile" blogs the world called "agile mindstorm". notable that andrej left "adform" after years excellent work co-found "monetha". eric duprat: payments lead. linkedin major name the payments industry. former executive paypal. eric was the general manager mobile paypal where played instrumental role establishing paypal player mobile payments. under eric's leadership, paypal's mobile payment business saw growth from payment volume billion during the past two decades, has established reputation throughout the industry results-oriented leader. eric has years experience global payment and security systems and years with ceo/cfo and founder experience including successful fund raising. kellogg fairbank: sales and merchant acquisition lead linkedin accomplished fintech sales and executive. former sales/head business development for braintree payments europe, hired their first international employee. part the braintree/venmo team, helped grow the company billion overall payments volume and billion mobile payments volume annually, until its eventual sale paypal for million. years working for major names the payments space, including globalcollect and paypal. more recently, leveraging his strong international network the industry, kellogg has been advising large international merchants streamline their payments platforms opus capital. jean-marc seigneur: decentralized trust and reputation lead. linkedin dr. jean-marc (jm) seigneur has published internationally more than scientific papers computational trust and online reputation management (orm). with ph.d. computer science from trinity college dublin has managed several eu-funded multi-million r&d e-reputation projects the university geneva. has obtained google award for excellent research academia. has advised companies like "philips", "amazon", "thales" and "swissquote". since has started apply online reputation management the fintech world chief reputation officer "globcoin" and member the itu standardization groups trust and digital currency including digital fiat currency. justas pikelis: co-founder, business. linkedin justas lithuanian entrepreneur who has previously founded companies and robotics. has gotten governmental scholarship for his education iit (illinois institute technology). justas pikelis founded established marketing and business consulting company "g". with his main competencies digital marketing, social media marketing, product advertising and branding, was able attract well known international clients baltic states, france, the united states, united arab emirates, sri lanka, singapore, malaysia and other countries. justas's marketing knowledge financial technologies and the blockchain inspired him co-found "monetha". laurynas jokubaitis: co-founder, product. linkedin previously founding ceo "wowtto" which raised more than eur from venture capital investors. with enormous interest blockchain and financial technologies, made investment into "edgeless": zero edge decentralized casino ethereum blockchain. one the most successful icos noteworthy, that laurynas (wowtto ceo) and andrej (wowtto cto) co-founded "wowtto" and have history working together team. viaceslavas ruckis: engineering lead. linkedin jack all trades. the right hand andrej. years experience designing and implementing software solutions. with the main expertise the moment carrying in: ecommerce, blockchain based systems development, data driven applications and document management applications. bridging the gap from technical solutions business. participated technical consultant startups like wobble and wowtto. helped designing and building scalable, durable and cost optimized solution covering mobile, frontend and backend tracks. martynas adomaitis: smart contract developer. linkedin years experience implementing software solutions ecommerce, document management applications. now focuses data driven applications and smart contract development. full stack software developer capable handling whole life-cycle development process. counts himself developer who believes nothing impossible and any idea can realized. andrej davidovic: software engineer. andrej has very interesting background came software development world from world statistical data previously working national department statistics. very precise his work software engineer does not let even minor bug slip unnoticed! erikas malisauskas: product design/front end developer. linkedin erikas magnificent ux/ui designer who also has great product design thinking. his years experience working companies like "mailerlite" and "mediapark" has positioned him high demand user experience designer. erikas most effective when designing handy user interfaces, attractive product landing pages and satisfying mobile apps. also has strong knowledge coding, can communicate with developers very easily monetha advisory team james downton: marketing advisor. linkedin co-founder "the marketing group plc" (ipo'd may also the ceo successful marketing agency "clickverta". james's knowledge digital marketing brings lot value "monetha" and his strategic experience ipo's potentially very precious for "monetha's" ico. sean harper: product and payments advisor. linkedin sean harper has been deeply involved payments industry. after successful run, his project "feefighters" (founder/ceo) was later bought e-commerce giant "groupon". "feefighters" later became groupon payments. after the acquisition, sean's involvement payments didn't stop. was chief product officer more than employee firm called "checkout". nowadays, sean board member "accion" and thought leader payment innovation. nik rokop: business advisor. linkedin nik rokop currently coleman foundation clinical associate professor entrepreneurship illinois institute technology with over years experience business (former rokop corporation). nik positioned himself one the thought leaders chicago's startup scene. robertas visinskis: ico advisor linkedin robertas not only founder/ceo very well-known ico project "mysterium network" (raised million usd only minutes!), but also has more than years experience online reputation systems building (ex-ceo trustribe). robertas provides significant ico knowledge raise money for monetha's development. kpmg: legal and regulatory advisor kpmg switzerland helps navigate through switzerland's legal and regulatory framework. they helped make the structuring the coin for the launch the token sale and coordinate with the regulatory authority. references https://telr.com/english/blog/the-problem-with-payment-gateways https://www.cognizant.com/whitepapers/the-internet-of-things-a-prime-opportunity-for-merch ant-acquirers-codex.pdf https://curbstone.com/iblog/-everything-you-wanted-to-know-about-card-processing https://due.com/blog/top--payment-processing-challenges-small-businesses/ https://cdn.www.getsmarter.com/career-advice/wp-content/uploads///mit_mobile_and _money_payments_report.pdf https://www.wirecard.de/fileadmin/user_upload/wirecard/market_intelligence/infografiken/ed gar__dunn___company_-__advanced_payments_report.pdf https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/-ways-blockchain-technology-may-change-payment-industr y-per-majak https://due.com/blog/top--payment-processing-challenges-small-businesses/ https://medium.com/@edmundedgar/why-ethereum-is-great-for-payments-eeccba https://www.ft.com/content/-ef-e-f-be https://www.google.lt/#q=mobile+payment+share+of+ecommerce&start= https://www.diva-portal.org/smash/get/diva:/fulltext.pdf http://www.ey.com/publication/vwluassets/ey_-_mobile_money_-_the_next_wave_of_grow th_in_telecoms/$file/ey-mobile-money-the-next-wave.pdf https://www.capgemini.com/resource-file-access/resource/pdf/payments_trends_.pdf https://letstalkpayments.com/an-overview-of-blockchain-technology/ https://www.slideshare.net/bernardmoon/fintech-industry-report- https://www.statista.com/statistics//us-mobile-retail-commerce-sales-as-percen tage-of-e-commerce-sales/ http://www.ipv.pt/ci/adm/docs/.pdf-