monerov (xmv) www.monerov.org team@monerov.org abstract. monerov community-led project designed create limited supply hard-fork the monero cryptocurrency new scalable blockchain algorithm. the idea create decentralized environment which professional developers chosen the community, enhance, simplify, and develop monerov scale for mass use. the original monero vision was create private digital currency; however, conservative, centralized core control few and slow development process prevents new users and technologies from being incorporated. more rapid development process based bounty programs that will allow new people around the world participate, will potentially make monerov the first private digital currency used millions people with open endless development possibilities. addition, monerov will adhere core austrian school economics principles capping the total monerov coins that can created, parting with monero's infinite coin supply structure. introduction monero was created for specific reason: alternative digital currency bitcoin that private and anonymous. unlike bitcoin, monero untraceable cryptocurrency based the cryptonote protocol. transactions, amounts transferred, and wallet addresses both senders and receivers the monero network are all obfuscated. therefore, transactions cannot linked particular user. unfortunately, monero has suffered from several drawbacks. for example, monero's infinite coin supply, the centralization decision making that prevents the implementation new features, the scaling issue bloated blockchain, the high transaction fees, and the growing hash rate that mainly based mass usage botents and unsuspected browser based miners that prevents genuine miners compete. some critical flaws that cannot fixed rapidly due monero's voluntary donation based development process has deterred monero's widespread adoption. due these circumstances, better create hard-fork split that will indefinitely fix these problems. fixing these problems will require dedicated team full-time developers, which how monerov was born. max coin supply the monero source code was forked from bytecoin, implementation the cryptonote protocol. the cryptonote white paper suggests that predefined maximum coin supply such the case bitcoin, simply intuition, and that natural upper bound coins created should the largest number that can represented, and essentially infinite: "not intuition such coins ought enough for anybody." unfortunately, monero implemented this suggestion, guaranteeing infinite amount xmr coins created. this one monroe's fundamental flaws that cannot fixed. the same way central banks around the world print money out thin air, monero's infinite coin supply tax the form inflation for all xmr holders. bitcoin's million maximum coin supply was introduced specifically avoid having body that controls the money supply, completely restricting future inflation and devaluation bitcoin coins. based this merit alone, monero would never able compete with bitcoin the world's best digital currency, since the idea infinite coin supply the incorrect intuition. monerov adheres core austrian school economics principles and caps the total amount xmv coins that can created million. the initial coin amount circulation the time the hard-fork would times the amount xmr coins million). xmr holders prior the hard-fork will receive -times the amount xmv coins. scale features development although conservative approach for feature development monero could seen strength, for example privacy concerns, such approach also prevents from integrating crucial features that could differentiate from other cryptocurrencies terms mass use. monerov takes the approach fast development and feature integration. monero does not scale. the time this writing, monero's median transaction size excluding coinbase transactions times larger than bitcoin's median transaction size bytes). monero was handle the cumulative transactions amounts bitcoin, its blockchain size would higher than terabytes (in comparison bitcoin's gigabyte blockchain). turn, the fear from imminent bloated juggernaut blockchain comes with higher median transaction fees than bitcoin. monerov plans tackle the scaling issues, which the main source problems monero, and all cryptocurrency coins for that matter, and integrate the mimblewimble protocol that the blockchain size will bound the number users using monerov (not the number transactions being made the network). this will significantly reduce both transaction costs and blockchain size, permanently solving the scaling problem. monerov will also take more pragmatic approach when comes end-user applications and usage for example, introducing light monerov wallet default that users will not asked download the whole blockchain they not want to. users with high privacy concerns will still have the standard privacy wallet default. these development features cannot achieved timely manner solely fundraising from the community. monerov will issue bounty programs for top-tier developers and researchers rapidly develop all aspects the monerov network. monerov monero comparison: monerov monero max coin supply million xmv infinite xmr coins circulation hard-fork block million xmv xmr) airdrop xmr holders million xmr emission per block smooth emission decline with xmv minimum until max supply reach. smooth emission decline with xmr minimum for infinity. starting block (while snapshot all previous blocks was taken from monero's blockchain) (genesis) block interval seconds seconds difficulty adjustment every block every block difficulty algorithm improved lwma simple average (n=) pow algorithm cryptonight cryptonight hard-fork split monero, like many other cryptocurrencies, based decentralized consensus mechanism. monero nodes run software that restricted certain consensus rules that nodes not complying with these rules would not included the monero network. other nodes the monero network check certain block, when mined, complies with these consensus rules. either accepted other nodes the blockchain does, rejected case does not. hard-fork occurs result monerov's deviation from the current monero consensus rules. monero nodes and monerov nodes will still comply with the same rules, validating everything that took place the blockchain before block but from block monerov's new rules come into effect, which will cause nodes monero reject blocks that were formed with monerov rules and monerov nodes reject monero based blocks thus, the network will split. the monero blockchain will continue add new blocks its blockchain; however, from block monerov will begin creating new branch blockchain that diverges from monero. monerov and monero will share the same history transactions and balances until that point. this new branch will represent new cryptocurrency: monerov. the new consensus rules imposed monerov will come into effect block from this point forward, miners the monerov network will begin add blocks the new branch: monerov's blockchain. monero (xmr) holders prior block will automatically receive the equivalent ten times the amount their monero holdings monerov (xmv). monerov (xmv) airdrop acquire monerov, you simply need hold monero prior the fork, ensuring you will receive automatically the equivalent times xmv the amount you hold xmr. wallet with the same address, private keys, and mnemonic phrase you had monero will created for you and your xmv holdings. you own xmr exchange any other third-party service and not have exclusive access your private keys, then these providers support monerov after the fork. this case, you should check the third party that holds your xmr supports monerov and will issue your xmv holdings your account. strongly advise transfer your xmr either service that will support the split, your private wallet prior the fork, you will not able receive your xmv holdings after that point. hard-fork release timeline monero blockchain fork when monero reaches block number snapshot the monero blockchain will taken. the monerov network will launch few days later with the first monerov block added top. monero will keep adding blocks its blockchain; but when monerov launched few days later, will begin adding blocks the snapshot that was taken. the delay the fork needed that monerov's seed nodes, worldwide full nodes, and the rpc wallet, cli wallet and gui wallet will all tested and compiled. when everything ready after testing, the peer-to-peer network will begin. monerov full nodes will only accept the network signature monerov. block will the first monerov block mined solely the monerov network. this point, the monerov cryptocurrency will created while monero continues adding blocks its blockchain. monerov blockchain, wallet rpc, cli gui release all coins, transactions, fees, and balances will represented monerov times the amount their monero counterpart. essentially, every value the monero blockchain will multiplied for example, block the monero blockchain contains coinbase transaction with output xmr. thus, coinbase transaction block the monerov blockchain will the same original miner who mined the original block monero. will receive xmv for that transaction. the same manner, you had balance your monero wallet of, say, xmr prior the fork, then you will receive xmv. this was done differentiate the two cryptocurrencies while making the two cryptocurrency wallets monerov's and monero's reject one another's blockchain. you own xmr the time the fork and have access you private keys, you will able spend your xmv the ratio any point the future. third-party service holding xmr your behalf, then they will receive the xmv. exchanges any other third-party services are not obligated credit you with your xmv the ratio therefore, you must make sure beforehand that they will so, move your xmr private wallet before the fork. development finance the first block that will mined the monerov blockchain will have customized coinbase transaction amount that will allow the development team mine controlled manner, using for future development monerov. the monerov development team will manage the total supply monerov coins, using enhance the development all future works. this will enable monerov rapidly develop many urgent tasks the form developer bounties, adding many paid full-time developers the team. the funds mined the development team will proportionally distributed all team members and contributors. the funds mined the development team will transferred multisignature wallet, with the private view key being released the public. all future expenses such storage costs and developer bounties will detailed and transparent. most the bounties will developers and third-party services, like storage and security services. the core mission monerov rapidly add features and fix the current monero drawbacks. although market forces will eventually price xmv, have brought many expert developers onboard, and are welcoming many more join the team prior the launch. future development: web wallet light wallet pow modification mimblewimble integration infrastructure: servers: website server block explorer server online wallet server pool server initial full nodes checkpoint servers dns seeds dns fees system administration and devops security testing conclusion monerov global open-source project promising deliver true private cryptocurrency adhering core austrian school economics. aimed for mass adoption and scale. monerov was not developed compete with monero, but rather with bitcoin. monerov facilitates the desire have truly private and decentralized cryptocurrency that also quick and easy for everyday use.