whitepaper what moneta? technology and economics overview. distributed trust. blockchain technology. network. decentralisation. double spend solution. conclusion what moneta? moneta uses innovative technology, design and economic model maximize both security and the long-term value the decentralized cryptocurrency. global decentralized currency based blockchain technology. decentralized cryptocurrency designed for online transactions. -easy and useful for regular consumers -developing tangible utility over traditional currencies creating platforms for online transactions. the moneta network aims process block every seconds, rather than bitcoin's minutes, which its developers claim allows for faster transaction confirmation. advantages can include greater resistance double spending attack over the same period bitcoin. moneta new digital currency that enables instant payments anyone, anywhere the world. moneta uses peer-to-peer technology operate with central authority: managing transactions and issuing money are carried out collectively the network. moneta core the name open source software which enables the use this currency. technology and economics overview. moneta was created experienced team entrepreneurs and technologists that previously founded multiple companies with millions users the music, gaming and shopping sectors hundreds millions users total. support and development integrations social sphere (online stores and payments, atm, markets etc.) how use (buy, sell and use life) tax, bank. online wallet, software and awards for system usage. proof work. fast transactions without reference placement. distributed trust. traditional models, trust deposited authority entity which controls all the relevant information. moneta, conversely, there such authority; rather, information managed the users whole. this way, whenever more than half the users the system are honest, the "rules" set out the system cannot broken any dishonest users. convention, until the limit our monet reached, when miner builds new block they are rewarded with predefined amount bitcoins. this way all the nodes have incentive support the network, and way creating and distributing cash defined, which necessary given that there central authority minting new money. these incentives can also provided through fees for the verification transactions, such that the user who creates valid block receives payment part the money involved the verified transaction. blockchain technology. block chain blockchain distributed database that maintains continuously growing list data records that are hardened against tampering and revision, even operators the data store's nodes. blockchain public ledger all moneta transactions that have ever been executed. constantly growing 'completed' blocks are added with new set recordings. the blocks are added the blockchain linear, chronological order. the core advantages the block chain architecture include the following: the ability for large number nodes converge single consensus the most up-to-date version large data set such ledger, even when the nodes are run anonymously, have poor connectivity with one another, and whose operators could dishonest. the ability for any node that well-connected other nodes determine, with reasonable level certainty, whether transaction does does not exist the confirmed data set. the ability for any node that creates transaction to, after certain period confirmation time, determine with reasonable level certainty whether the transaction valid, able take place, and become final (i.e. that there were conflicting transactions confirmed into the blockchain elsewhere that would make the transaction invalid, such the same currency units "double-spent" somewhere else). prohibitively high cost attempt rewrite alter any transaction history. automated form resolution that ensures that conflicting transactions (such two more attempts spend the same balance different places) never become part the confirmed data set. blockchain implementation consists two kinds records: transactions and blocks. transactions are the actual data stored the blockchain, and blocks are records that confirm when and what sequence certain transactions became journaled part the block chain database. transactions are created participants using the system the normal course business (in the case cryptocurrencies, transaction created anytime someone sends cryptocurrency another), and blocks are created users known "miners" who use specialized software equipment designed specifically create blocks. users the system create transactions which are loosely passed around from node node best-effort basis. the definition what constitutes valid transaction based the system implementing the block chain. most cryptocurrency applications, valid transaction one that properly digitally signed, spends currency units from known valid wallet, and meets various other requirements such including sufficient miner "fee" and/or certain time elapsed since the currency units were previously involved transaction. meanwhile, miners attempt create blocks that confirm and incorporate those transactions into the blockchain. cryptocurrency system such bitcoin, miners are incentivized create blocks order collect two types rewards: pre-defined per-block award, and fees offered within the transactions themselves, payable any miner who successfully confirms the transaction. network. the steps run the network are follows: new transactions are broadcast all nodes. each node collects new transactions into block. each node works finding difficult proof-of-work for its block. when node finds proof-of-work, broadcasts the block all nodes. nodes accept the block only all transactions are valid and not already spent. nodes express their acceptance the block working creating the next block the chain, using the hash the accepted block the previous hash. nodes always consider the longest chain the correct one and will keep working extending it. two nodes broadcast different versions the next block simultaneously, some nodes may receive one the other first. that case, they work the first one they received, but save the other branch case becomes longer. the tie will broken when the next proof-of-work found and one branch becomes longer; the nodes that were working the other branch will then switch the longer one. new transaction broadcasts not necessarily need reach all nodes. long they reach many nodes, they will get into block before long. block broadcasts are also tolerant dropped messages. node does not receive block, will request when receives the next block and realizes missed one. decentralisation. every node decentralized cryptocurrency has complete partial copy the block chain. this avoids the need have centralized database that other systems, such paypal require. whereas conventional ledger records the transfers actual bills promissory notes that exist apart from it, the block chain the only place that bitcoins can said exist the form unspent outputs transactions. transactions the form payer sends currency payee are broadcast this network using software applications. network nodes can validate transactions, add them their copy the ledger, and then broadcast these ledger additions other nodes. double spend solution. cryptocurrencies use various timestamping schemes, such proof-of-work, avoid the need for trusted third party timestamp transactions added the block chain. this avoids anyone easily double-spending the currency. conclusion. have proposed system for electronic transactions without relying trust. started with the usual framework coins made from digital signatures, which provides strong control ownership, but incomplete without way prevent double-spending. solve this, proposed peer-to-peer network using proof-of-work record public history transactions that quickly becomes computationally impractical for attacker change honest nodes control majority cpu power. the network robust its unstructured simplicity. nodes work all once with little coordination. they not need identified, since messages are not routed any particular place and only need delivered best effort basis. nodes can leave and rejoin the network will, accepting the proof-of-work chain proof what happened while they were gone. they vote with their cpu power, expressing their acceptance valid blocks working extending them and rejecting invalid blocks refusing work them. any needed rules and incentives can enforced with this consensus mechanism.i for more information, well immediately useable, binary version the moneta software, see web: twitter: facebook: google+: ttp://moneta.io https://twitter.com/moneta_io follow the last news https://www.facebook.com/io.moneta https://plus.google.com/+monetaio