table contents abstract manifesto problem overview product overview bitcoinrush.io peerbet.org bit.com ico overview exchanges benefits economics: monster byte revenue model sportsbook casino edge peerbet economics: monster byte revenue model competitive analysis marketing plan developmental roadmap ico fund allocation conclusion abstract monster byte inc. technology company which owns suite long-standing and profitable cryptocurrency gambling websites, all which have been custom-built with proprietary technology owned monster byte inc. our company seeking expansion and revenue growth increased marketing and product development while also entering into wholesale operations via white-labeling all existing software for resale and licensing purposes. since its inception, monster byte inc. has been mission become the world's premier destination for cryptocurrency gamblers not only wager sports, but also bet casino games like blackjack, roulette, and baccarat. have distinct advantage over our competitors can cater towards both the sports betting and casino game demographic. further, our portals are all well-established and have great reputation within the bitcoin gaming community. manifesto our mission leverage the powerful nature cryptocurrencies (such bitcoin) the perfect medium for fast, safe, and fun gaming chip which rapidly gaining mainstream acceptance within the online gambling community. aim for complete customer satisfaction offering fair, safe, and superior customer experience. problem overview various problems affect traditional online gaming sites, affecting both operators and players, monster byte well positioned address these needs the industry. issues affecting operators: the principal issue affecting online gaming operators fraud. whether it's credit card scammer attempting play with others money, player attempting chargeback after losing their deposit, traditional fiat gaming sites leave room for fraudulent activity its users. additionally, most banks and internet financial institutions (such paypal) are weary supporting gaming websites. monster byte's solution: through the use cryptocurrencies, the risk chargebacks completely eliminated. cryptocurrencies also eliminate the need using third party financial partners handle transfers funds. issues affecting players: the issues affecting players are more diverse than those affecting the operator. they include the following: speed deposits and withdrawals: players traditional fiat gaming websites need wait for their bank wire (if they are not using credit card) get the sites in-game wallet before being able play. regardless their deposit method, the player must wait several days receive their withdrawal they decide stop playing and cash-out. high house edge and "stacked decks": while online gaming websites have much lower house edges relative that physical casinos, the return the player still low considering online establishments not have nearly the overhead that physical casinos have. most online games have house edge around ~%. top that, nearly impossible for players tell they were cheated simply had terrible luck after unlikely loss. lack privacy: player does not want their spouse know they are wagering, difficult remain discreet when their credit/bank statements would show that they made deposit, received payment from gaming site. monster byte's solution: monster byte prepared meet player needs where its fiat counterparts have failed. cryptocurrency deposits are nearly instant, and withdrawals are handled immediately. monster byte offers games with low house edge, well dice game with flat house edge. players get lot more bang for buck. further, all games built monster byte are built with using the provably fair paradigm. high level, provably fair shuffling technique that monster byte leverages which allows the user reshuffle the deck before dealt. the system first shuffles the deck once, and then presents the user with hash the the shuffled deck before any wagers are made. then, whenever the user places wager, can optionally provide client_seed. the system then uses the client_seed provided reshuffle the deck deterministic way. the end the wager the software reveals the initial shuffle, which allows the user verify that the system presented them with valid hash, and also reshuffled the deck the correct way. since there way the system know the value the client_seed until the moment the hand was dealt, there way manipulate the outcome the shuffle the deck. example provably fair verification finally, the ability play without having show forms identification, and not having your record deposits/withdrawals appearing monthly statement ensure that players privacy respected. product overview bitcoinrush.io founded bitcoinrush.io (formerly known casinobitco.in) was the first bitcoin sportsbook offer provably fair bitcoin casino games, starting with blackjack. overtime, based player feedback and demand, have been able expand and enhance these offerings. download required, and all games are available for free across all browser types and mobile devices. bitcoinrush.io credible and established leader the bitcoin gambling space. generally speaking there are three main sets products bitcoinrush.io, the sportsbook, casino, and peer peer games. sportsbook since have handled almost bitcoin worth wagers (~$mm time authoring) within the sportsbook. bitcoinrush.io supports over different wagering markets, from football all the way down exotics like auto racing. spreads, moneylines, totals, parlays, halftime, and asian markets offered. competitive leaderboard system based volume bettors. provably fair casino since inception, users have wagered bitcoin (~$mm time authoring) our casino. bitcoinrush.io utilizes provably fair system with its casino games. games provided blackjack roulette hi-lo baccarat video poker peer peer games bitcoin rush peer peer multiplayer game which offers new refreshing way bet btc, all head head. super bowl and march madness squares contests peerbet dice bitcoin dice games are definitely the most well-known bitcoin powered casino game accessible online. bitcoin dice allows players enter the game with provable odds their rolls, decide their own risk, all while the house takes just edge, the lowest any gambling game online. wheel the betting wheel peerbet offers new way gambling but without the usual house edge. this wheel based game users will find the wheel divided into different segments, and the aim the game predict which segment the wheel going spin opposite the winning pointer. users can choose place bet any the segments the laying those bets, and when doing the latter then the player loses you will win their stake amount, however that player correctly predicts the segment the wheel that spun and wins then you need pay them out their winnings. raffles the raffles peerbet are another game where there house edge involved and such everyone taking part has fair and more importantly equal chance winning when playing it, just like lottery. once all the tickets for your raffle have been sold then the draw will take place, and the winners will then announced and they will instantly paid their winnings. bit bit was one the first bitcoin casinos, founded offer full-suite interactive games the gaming community. the games available the site, which are flash-based, were developed ultraplay, one the largest online gaming software companies. over its -year life, bit has handled over bitcoin wagers. monster byte acquired bit, and the software which powers bit, early from ultraplay. while not provably fair, bit utilizes the mersenne twister randomizing technology and its games have been rng tested. bit offers users plethora games that are not available monster byte's provably fair casino, bitcoinrush.io. bit also runs mystery jackpot, that users have chance winning even when they "lose" their wager. bit currently offers the following games: roulette variations) wheel roulette wheel roulette american roulette european roulette french roulette boule blackjack variations) blackjack blackjack blackjack switch blackjack surrender blackjack exposure blackjack snapjax blackjack pontoon video poker variations) jacks better jokers export deuces wild all american slots variations) blazin royal bars the pawn machine hot fruits sic red dog let ride baccarat casino war tri-card poker trey poker card brag caribbean stud stud poker texas hold 'em (as well texas hold bonus) ico overview the ico presale will begin july utc, and extend until july utc whenever the presale sold out, whichever occurs first. during the pre-sale, monster byte tokens will sold usd, discount over the general sale. the general sale will open july monster byte tokens will then sold usd. all tokens will sold exclusively the monster byte ico portal, https://www.monsterbyte.io users can purchase tokens with bitcoin, waves, litecoin, dash, ethereum, and shapeshift. total, anticipate raising $,, usd which will give monster byte $.m post-money valuation*. chose not have open cap savvy investors should know exactly what they are buying into, with well-defined capitalization model. *if there extremely high demand, monster byte reserves the right issue third ico wave which principals will offer their tokens for sale the general public price tbd. this were occur, would provide days notices via various mediums. exchanges the monster byte token waves platform based token anticipate that the majority monster byte trading will occur the waves decentralized exchange (dex). however, effort increase liquidity and exposure monster byte broader population, will also endeavour include monster byte tokens some classic exchanges. such, our efforts will concentrated listing monster byte (in order priority): must: dex tidex should: bittrex other exchanges may added good opportunity presented. will also submit monster byte coinmarketcap which solid way ensure that expose monster byte the wider population. benefits monster byte token holders will benefit from listing this token the waves platform due the ability easily trade tokens against other assets and cryptocurrencies all within the dex, very liquid decentralized exchange the waves liteapp wallet. quarterly basis, all monster byte token holders are entitled their share our collective profit (revenue expenses). dividends will paid bitcoin, and detailed quarterly reports will published provide full transparency our operations. example recent report located here: report economics: monster byte revenue model since are not startup, and have very valuable and practical experience this space, have the ability share our historic, and projected, p&l: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/hvrutrdpedusrdwdjyfzwmmeptvoe davuosdjm/edit?usp=sharing sportsbook the sportsbook whole has been very good lesson learned, were handling risk first, then offset with third party (who went bankrupt and left holding the bad) then handled the risk ourselves again bit more intelligently. without going into some our intellectual property, now have new model that allows earn anywhere from %-% all bets placed, regardless the user wins loses. casino edge it's true, the house always wins. the casino, hold anywhere from edge based the game being played both bitcoinrush.io and bit.com. peerbet dice, the house retains edge; and just like other dice sites; however, this bankroll still all crowdfunded; make small commission the profits (and losses) the investor endures peerbet. addition, also charge smaller altcoins commission (paid btc) list their coin peerbet, recent example this pepecoin. economics: monster byte revenue model syndication our products and intellectual property new venture for monster byte, and something aim have off the ground late most pricing models that other gaming providers support monthly 'license' fee, addition share the operator's revenue. strive achieve extremely similar model; however, will likely offer significant discounts and potential premiums first-time 'tenants' operators our software not only test the software, but also the support model necessary support such line business. competitive analysis cryptocurrency gaming has rather complex barrier entry due the highly technical nature handling cryptocurrencies safely, well catering the needs cryptocurrency players (e.g. provably fair gaming); however, online gambling whole extremely competitive marketplace. order successful, need able differentiate ourselves from the competition offering more gambling options, rich and interactive experience, all while providing the best rewards keep players coming back. most our competitors are leveraging the same 'off-the-shelf' solutions provided european gaming providers. while this software tangibly best class, our competitors run into consistent challenges being able differentiate themselves. due the fact that own all our intellectual software, and can modify will, believe properly compete with all the competitors below. main competitors bitcasino.io launched january games offered: baccarat, blackjack, casual games, slots, jackpot games, live games, lottery, roulette, slots, table games, video poker disadvantage: not provably fair, software the control betsoft. betcoin.ag launched february games offered: blackjack, card games, dice, slots, live games, roulette disadvantage: not provably fair, software the control betsoft. bitstarz.com launched june games offered dice, slots, jackpot games, live games, slots, table games accepts btc well fiat currency disadvantage: not provably fair, does not own its software fortunejack.com launched september games offered bingo, blackjack, dice, slots, keno, live games, slots accepts btc, ethereum, and fiat currency disadvantage: not provably fair, poor community presence, deemed untrustworthy most cloudbet.com launched november has wide-ranging sportsbook casino games offered: baccarat, blackjack, craps, slots, roulette, slots disadvantage: not provably fair nitrogensports.eu launched february sportsbook offering sporting options bet on, easily the leader the bitcoin sportsbook space contains poker game which offers cash games, sit go's, and tournaments. has casino which offers the following games: blackjack, poker, dice disadvantage: while having superior sportsbook, nitrogensports.eu has very limited casino offering marketing plan virtue already being established and reputable for years, will focus fair amount our attention acquiring new customers via aggressive giveaways and play based promotions across our portals. this effort includes hiring staff that will serve 'community managers' helping promote our various brands social media and forums. historically, we've also found our biggest roi when comes marketing has always been improvement with our seo rankings. parallel with the promotions above, will outsource our organic and paid search efforts professional firm that has proven experience the online gambling marketplace. developmental roadmap while have very well-established gaming portals, with active users, there clear need update the user experience across the board, well better market our collective brand. immediately following the ico, our near-term development and marketing initiatives are follows: july hire additional marketing staff, including community managers for both bitcoinrush.io and peerbet.org entice more play, and camaraderie, within the community. amazingly the past four years have not had any dedicated marketing staff, community presence. with more active community presence believe will convert, "win back" many users that haven't been our consumer sites years based the many advantages our sites have automated comps based volume play not wins losses, strong affiliate brand, etc august launch the updated bitcoinrush.io sportsbook, this includes complete overhaul the designed responsive manner for mobile users also includes the new risk-management platform, which allows monster byte retain %-% every bet placed regardless the players wins loses. august peerbet.org, one the oldest dice sites around, will relaunched with far more modern look and feel; built with responsive design for mobile and tablet play. september will natively add additional coin support bitcoinrush.io. just ahead the nfl season, will begin accepting other cryptocurrency coins, including waves, ethereum, litecoin, dash, and others. this broadens our reach players substantially lowering the barrier entry, and cost for customers around the world place wagers both the casino and sportsbook november apis. casino and sportsbook apis will available for consumption third party operators that want the benefit our no-risk sportsbook, and provably fair casino platform. monster byte will charge yearly platform licensing fee, well partake share the operator's revenue. january part broader global strategy, will launch additional language support all consumer sites own and operate. starting with mandarin chinese, anticipate large lift with asian gamblers that are entering the cryptocurrency marketplace force, and also have always historically embraced gambling. ico token allocation the following the exact breakdown monster byte tokens. total there are monster byte tokens. will not issue any beyond that amount. the ico were sell out completely, would give monster byte run rate months, principals, owners, and new hires would not execute any tokens the open market. however, there need for additional capital beyond the month period, principals owners will sell tokens otc, controlled and responsible way avoid impact the price monster byte inc. tokens principals owners new hires havelock unit holders waves sale bounties advisors conclusion stand firm that the monster byte ico extremely unique and exciting opportunity you will not find the plethora icos launching daily. this primarily due to: our proven track record, we've been operating the cryptocurrency gaming space since this not idea startup, are post-revenue, all our products are launched and have active usage. our team has collective over years experience the internet technology and gaming sector. are confident can execute the roadmap we've set for ourselves. this your chance invest one the fastest growing industries. sports betting and online gambling one the best use cases for cryptocurrencies. currently, online gambling whole billion/year market. depending estimates, expected approximately billion/year the same time, due the benefits both the player and operator, cryptocurrency gambling going 'eat into' this market gradually year over year. please visit our website and sign for our newsletter get the latest updates the ico and presale. web https://www.monsterbyte.io/ico slack https://join.slack.com/monsterbyte/shared_invite/mjaymzgnjkotmzlteo tgxnjkmdqtotgymjrmyzimg bitcointalk: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=