moviebloc white paper ver. apr. english decentralized movie content distribution platform cinema universal, beyond flags and borders and passports. alejandro gonzalez inarritu table contents abstract solution current film industry moviebloc ecosystem token economy architecture token allocation roadmap i'm going make him offer can't refuse. the godfather abstract abstract according motion pictures association america report, consumer spending for the combined theatrical and home entertainment markets reached billion worldwide, from billion there are over cinema screens (+%) around the world, and films (+%) were released north america the mpaa chairman and ceo charles rivkin commented, "with more stories and more storytelling mediums than ever, our industry continues adapt ever-changing world." global theatrical and home entertainment consumer spending (us$ billions) theatrical digital home entertainment physical home entertainment source ihs markit. physical includes rental and retail. digital includes electronic sell-through(est), video-on-demand(vod), and subscription streaming(pait subscribers only). subscription streaming does not include spending from sports. while the overall market growing, the industry also dominated conglomerates with vertical integration among three phases: production, distribution, and exhibition. this integration causes barriers the industry, such biased screen allocation, the business mainly focused obtaining wider audiences for stronger revenues. the filmmakers and audience are the main victims from this effect. the filmmakers are asked produce films only with high probability commercial success. the consumers' right enjoy various and free-choice content lost. moviebloc's mission solve those problems with its blockchain technology. the creators will get transparent revenue share, audience data, and equal screening opportunity; the viewers will access various films content. the long-term, moviebloc will create the biggest and most participant-centric film ecosystem. co-working with kmplayer, multimedia player with over million users, moviebloc will not only provide film producers with equal opportunity create and show their films, but also bring various movies reasonable price moviebloc users. moviebloc different from previous film related ico projects. these projects have focused removing middleman and providing direct distribution channel between the creators and the audiences. however, this model has gave the creators more roles and responsibility promoting and exporting their works the audiences. moviebloc seeks create ecosystem with all film distribution participants (translator, designers, curators, reviewers, etc.), instead becoming simple content platform with content providers and consumers. houston, have problem. apollo current film industry current film industry industry oligopoly vertical integration the movie theater industry composed three vertical layers: production, distribution, and exhibition. america, the big six conglomerates and few major studios show strong presence production (investment) and distribution; other countries conglomerates can control exhibition well, such south korea. netflix and amazon prime video are focusing vertical integration owning its original content and using their distribution system deliver that content its subscribers. accordingly, consumers have access content that these institutions choose not invest in. few powerful corporations with strong capital are thus limiting the consumers' right enjoy various content and the film producers' opportunity release their work the wider public. limited funding opportunities major studios invest films and look into the scenarios, directors, and actors for one goal: box office hits. the directors and filmmakers must implement the commercial-centric ideas into their films reach wide audience. this limits film producers' freedom expression and the film market supplied with mainly standardized films. order fund their work without the investors' interference, film producers have either make independent film low-budget receive help from crowdfunding. even the production finished, profitabilty difficult achieve due limited budget, difficulty securing screens, exporting, and marketing the film. revenue problem extremely difficult for independent films regularly shown movie theatres outside film festivals. after the theatrical release, vod another profitable market. however, blockbusters are once again gain the vast majority profits. for short films and independent films, revenue share agreements with vod services are being handled adverse conditions due weaker bargaining power. youtube, another monetizing option, requires the channel have hours annual viewing time and over subscribers order receive revenue. thus, independent filmmakers resort uploading their content youtube for free, way sharing their portfolios. you can see, there are platforms providing fair revenue share the creators. current film industry nontransparent revenue share and date the recipient unable verify the accuracy the data. the sheet does not disclose how revenue was affected discounts, promotions, marketing, nor viewers' data (device, age, gender). sales reports with transparency verification method creates low credibility the business; creators without audience information disables any viewership insight from their content production. limitation film distribution may seem like the advanced online streaming technology has provided audiences with wider selection films, but the centralized distribution infrastructure has yet change, and still strong barrier for indie filmmakers abroad. every year, countless films are produced and recognized for their quality international film festivals, but the difficulty finding distributors each country limits the film producers' ability deliver their work the audience. where we're going, don't need roads. back the future solution solution decentralizing the film industry moviebloc will decentralize the film industry create ecosystem with transparent rewards catered the participants' role and contribution. participants will experience new ecosystem taking upon the role creator, curator, translator, reviewer, viewer, etc. other blockchain-based film projects primarily focus maximizing the profit the (content provider) and rewarding the audience. moviebloc differentiates itself from other projects comprises production, marketing, and translation activities, all done moviebloc participants. supporting creators moviebloc will run blockchain-based online festivals discover quality movies and talented new creators. the festival will held every quarter and give out rewards worth usd the contest winners. producers can attain recognition and monetary reward from the festival, which will motivate them continually upload high quality movies moviebloc. also, the creators can raise money produce films from viewer donations. return, the creators can provide special content, such unreleased director's cut, pre-release films donators. creators profit guaranteed the creator guaranteed the revenue moviebloc. the creator can set the price, exhibiting period, and areas, the conditions will applied without any approval process. the curators' advertising, translators' foreign subtitle, and designers' marketing material will enable the film distributed diverse nations and boost creator earnings. transparent reward and data moviebloc rewards creators transparently according the blockchain based smart contract once the creator uploads and users purchase the content. creators are provided with insights from their followers and viewer data, such gender, age, and traffic source. the insight will help creators develop and cater content order satisfy their audience. solution worldwide screen, moviebloc moviebloc will collaborate with kmplayer deliver films audiences around the world. kmplayer video playback software with the world's longest history and millions active users. according softonic.com, kmplayer used more than countries and more than million downloads, since its first release the collaboration between kmplayer and moviebloc will significantly reduce the marketing cost acquiring new users introducing the service existing kmplayer users. moviebloc worldwide service; its simple structure will allow creators deliver its content directly consumers around the world with single upload. countries total download monthly playback fig. kmplayer statistical data iran south korea russia monthly active user china taiwan india indonesia ukraine usa thailand others fig. kmplayer monthly playback region (april, total fig. kmplayer downloads comparison (source: softonic.com) softonic website, https://kmplayer.en.softonic.com/ kmplayer for windows bit kmplayer for android, ios kmplayer for mac kmplayer for android fig. kmplayer supporting devices film incredibly democratic and accessible, it's probably the best option you actually want change the world, not just re-decorate it. banksy moviebloc ecosystem moviebloc ecosystem ecosystem summary fig. moviebloc ecosystem moviebloc consists three layers: community, market, and fundraising. community layer, titled '.bloc,' decentralized film community connecting all moviebloc participants. market layer where films, subtitle, and marketing materials can traded among the participants. fundraising layer motivates the creators keep providing high quality films moviebloc hosting film festival and implementing donation channel the creators. three organically connected layers form cycle which service users who contribute film production, promotion, and distribution various forms. moviebloc ecosystem role participants existing content provider existing content providers can upload their content and earn maximum revenue. they can also explore foreign markets and audiences they have not explored yet using moviebloc. creator the moviebloc ecosystem, creators are individual group with content distribution rights such content providers and directors. the creators receive their share from the revenue sales automatically according the smart contract. the creator can refer the audience data and modify the price method sales necessary. the creators will participate moviebloc film festival have their work evaluated and appreciated the community. curator the curators will advertise and curate selected films. once film selected, the curator will place the film his her individual theater and advertise the film draw viewers. the creator curates thier own film curator, they are able receive higher share revenue. additionally, curators can hire translators designers and produce foreign subtitles and marketing materials target specific markets countries. translator translation helps viewers understand foreign movies and culture better understand the creator. translation essential aspect moviebloc film can exported and understood the world audience with subtitles. translators can hired curators performed voluntarily make subtitles and receive donation from creators viewers. user the users serve viewers consuming movies moviebloc. users can rewarded reporting illegal content and writing film reviews. foundation the foundation cooperates with advertising platforms and develops streaming platform community provide optimal environment for users. the foundation will also plan and execute offline marketing events and recruit the creators join the moviebloc film festival. moviebloc ecosystem dotbloc (.bloc) music composer costume designer movie director writer actor movie assistant director movie movie film crew data compiled based movie cast crew credits assistant director director editor actor editor translator fan distributor fan fan fandom (conumers) viral marketing effect based curator, fandom and subtitle translator fig. '.bloc' network the community layer '.bloc' binds the three layers investment, community, and transaction connect all participants the moviebloc ecosystem. moviebloc ecosystem role '.bloc' '.bloc' performs various functions. creators enter their filmography and network with other producers, investors, and curators. the curators discover quality content and hire designers and translators distribute the films. individual users can donate creators, share what movies they've watched and provide reviews. '.bloc' community where every film-related participants can encourage, discuss, hire, trade, and share with other members. use process user registration and certification process user registration available from the moviebloc app website. all users must through email phone verification, order prevent illegal activities such illegal content distribution. users' .bloc' will created automatically once the registration completed. creator content registration process click 'upload' button the moviebloc site dotbloc, enter the basic information (movie title, plot) the movie, and start uploading the video file. while the file being uploaded, the creator can register detailed information such parental supervision, the cast, and movie credits. curators' screen acquisition and content exhibition curators can start from one screen (inventory) and acquire additional screen one one. additional mbl staking (deposit) and accumulated views are required for increasing levels. curators can find new content the main page, their following creators' '.bloc', and just clicking the 'distribute' button, the film can exhibited the curator's theatre with commentary. marketing sharing available clicking the 'share' button the head section every '.bloc' and the bottom the movie player page. creators and curators can share their links the existing social media and other community pages promote their films potential moviebloc users and generate additional views and profits. moviebloc ecosystem fig. moviebloc moviebloc ecosystem moviebloc market film market cp/distributor viewers creator content market curator market translation market translator designer design market fig. moviebloc market content market users can watch movies two ways: tvod and avod. tvod (transactional vod) with tvod, consumers purchase content pay per view basis for limited permanent time. consideration the token price volatility, the price content will the median value the three exchanges with the largest transaction volume fiat currency and moviebloc token. the profit will shared the creators and curators after deducting server fee such cdn and cloud service fee. avod (advertising vod) avod advertising-based revenue model, allowing users watch the content for free. although advertising based content are widely distributed the users, only platform that fully understands and can coordinate each country's ecpm), fill rate, and advertising cost can operate successfully. effective cost impressions. total revenue divided total impressions multiplied this figure used calculate the performance. moviebloc ecosystem with the real-time bidding platform prism exchange, developed pandora tv, moviebloc will advertise various global local advertisers' marketing campaigns. moviebloc and kmplayer are capable maximizing efficiency content and audience targeting. film market the film market open all creators who have difficulty distributing their films. the creator registers his her movie the film market. once registered the film will sorted country, language, length, subtitles availability, price. the film distributor exhibitor can watch clips the movie synopsis and purchase the movie individually bundles. moviebloc's film market will connect films the rest the world. outdated films that are longer profitable its origin country can profitable other countries reasonable prices. the film market will bring another revenue opportunity for creators and share their work. translation market the translation market essential for moviebloc grow and become global service. translators, the movie-enthusiastic users translating other creators' title, will compensated for their efforts. with multiple foreign subtitles, small independent film can delivered worldwide and receive feedback the subtitle quality from other users. public relations market active creators can continually promote their films and off moviebloc. the market, the creators can matched powerful curators who can promote and deliver the film wider audience. design market the curators can hire and request marketing material (posters and other images) designs promote films the design market. the curators can also hire the designers and customize individual theaters. moviebloc ecosystem fundraising the quarterly held film festival and donation channel will help moviebloc aggregate quality films and creators with motivation make better films. donation users can donate desired amount mbl along with short message the creators. moviebloc festival the moviebloc festival held every quarter. every film released the public within the period for the first time will automatically enrolled the festival. five final nominees will determined from the total entries views and user reviews, and the final winners will determined voting system. one vote day per certified user allowed. during the voting period, kmplayer and moviebloc will keep promoting the voting system order encourage users participate. the top three finalists will awarded with moviebloc token. additionally, the selected winners will displayed the top the moviebloc website and kmplayer for specified period time, allowing more exposure, views, and recorded the award history section. fig. moviebloc film festival winner matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world. dead poets society architecture architecture kmplayer application .bloc wallet module apis blockchain node service decentralized core transaction monitor data module storage node database token module membership token contract reward policy service market .bloc fundraising global cdn cdn theta account manager content content manager data manager data access control trade contract data validation hash manager fig. moviebloc architecture platform structure moviebloc shares portion the platform from existing services, including kmplayer. moviebloc will drive its blockchain service based the stability and performance from existing services. moviebloc consists three layers order have blockchain's transparency and security features, and existing service's high performance and scalability. architecture application layer the application layer the entry point for moviebloc users and provides the ability for participants intuitively and securely access the service. moviebloc users can easily participate the platform and exchange various information. each participant can use the application layer access blockchain, and try various services available the service layer. the application layer provides applications and wallet module for key information management. ... wallet the ontology main network, private key required access user accounts. the wallet module system that securely manages key information essential for users use ontology network. users' private keys provide secure transaction signing without being exposed the external environment. this provides participants with secure and stable managment contracts that occur within moviebloc. the wallet module guarantees closed operation and provides security function prevent personal information from being leaked. ... kmplayer kmplayer plays various formats media without any conversion process through its built-in codec. specifically, optimized for hdr, high-definition video playback and vr. kmplayer supports the playback various content and can used various devices such mobile and pc, and supports download contens and streaming. users can play diverse content provided moviebloc various forms through kmplayer. ... .bloc .bloc composed web and mobile app for service and uses api asynchronous service layer. architecture service layer the service layer the core aspect moviebloc. connects the application layer with the decentralized core. even the participants not run the ontology node directly, the transaction can propagated the ontology main network through the ontology node provided the service layer. most the information the service stored and processed the service layer, and blockchain technology used for transparent secure transactions and data validation. ... blockchain node the blockchain node module connecting the decentralized core and the service which provides all the functions related the blockchain participants. responsible for accessing the data accumulated the decentralized core order verify the key and signature information participants accessing the platform. the contract manager manages all contracts that occur within the platform and guarantees rewards for the platform participants. also monitors all transactions occurring within the platform and manages access rights when participant sends request for transaction the application layer. ... data module the data module stores and controls centralized database that stores large amounts data and complex analysis results which are difficult store blockchain. the data module will collect and indexe information from blockchain efficiently and complements the technical limitation ontology main network. sensitive information unable uploaded blockchain like personal information managed separate security database with restricted access. ... service module the service module organically connects the three layers .bloc, market, and festival provided moviebloc according the type participant. the service module enables each layer smoothly provide services participants. transmitting data produced participants' in-layer activities the token module leads the correct formation token reward and token economy. ... global cdn cdn network that required for efficient delivery content each user. order solve the bottleneck transmission that can occur when traffic concentrated, contens are distributed and cached plurality cdn nodes for quick delivery. the existing cdns will increase the efficiency content distribution and applied the decentralized cdn theta network. particular, theta's cdn improves on-demand vod quality while reducing the backbone usage traditional cdns through hybrid architecture. architecture decentralized core the decentralized core system that transparently manages token flows occuring between platform participants. creators record and manage all data related content the blockchain, such content registered moviebloc, content related information, price, etc. based the recorded data, manages the token flow between participants and creators, allowing for transparent management the token economy formed within the platform. this increases platform activation and stabilization. ... token module the token module manages the token economy flow generated through the activities the users participating the platform whole. manages the token reimbursement policy paid according the user's activity and the token-staking the curator secure individual theaters. the token contract manages the token flow book arising from the platform participants and provides the transfer function for smooth transactions. the token module enables decentralized token economy operations. ... membership membership system that records and manages the information the participants within moviebloc. participants' personal information not recorded the module, only the relationship between users recorded. this restricts access data and allows only those with rights create manage featured data. their relationship consists mesh. ... content various content uploaded moviebloc, such movies and foreign subtitle files. the content not properly managed, the platform usage frequency will significantly decline. this part system for managing information related such contens. when creators and translators enter their content information, they are recorded moviebloc through the system and saved through smart contract when setting prices. trade contract system that supports smooth transaction according the price contract registered the creator when the participant purchases the content. the system associated with the token module record the real-time transaction information the platform participants. ... data manager data administrators review data validation according service policies eliminate invalid data, unify redundant data, and increase storage efficiency. architecture content blockchain all content uploaded the moviebloc, such subtitles, advertisements, well content uploaded the creator, hashed and registered the content contract the blockchain. the hash value used the identifier each content, and transactions and records the moviebloc are represented corresponding hash values. creator .bloc content hash content storage cdn content contract content license contract fig. tvod request process application (.bloc kmplayer) user the creator's movie subtitle content created the translator are registered the license contract where the curators and users can purchase the license play the content. order distribute use content, license key generated and issued through the license contract. this gives access the content and concludes contract for the use the content. the license contract records how many users have paid the mbl the blockchain obtain the license. based this data, legitimate and transparent rewards are paid the creator and subtitle translators. architecture when free content played, pre-roll and mid-roll ads are executed, and information related the execution history recorded the blockchain. based this information, the creator the content and the curator are rewarded through settlement. the advertiser can grasp the utility the advertisement effect transparently checking the history the advertisement cost paid the advertiser. pre-roll content content user cdn content storage creator .bloc curator mbl token database membership fig. avod content play profit distribution token module architecture data validation the blockchain not suitable for storing large amounts data. ethereum consumes lot gas for data processing and data storage. eos has the cost issue due limited ram resources. therefore, most projects implement large-capacity data through side-chain cloud server, and the ability verify the integrity data contract the blockchain. moviebloc based ontology mainnet. since ontology consumes ong gas fee data stoage, difficult store all moviebloc data the blockchain. even the result only hashing the data stored, the burden the ram increases the service continues. moviebloc, some information based life cycle and importance data uses existing cloud server and database. for example, token transmission result transaction stored multi-index table contract while transaction performed the blockchain, and the result stored the blockchain. validator data companison database user user review data hash review text insert transaction hash sha hash send transaction blockchain sha hash hash get get transaction transaction data fig. data validation the other hand, the case compensation for film review, the contens the criticism are hashed, and the content transmitted blockchain transaction, but not separately stored the table. the also stores the content the review and the transaction hash value. this way, the transaction history can inquired through the transaction hash value reward for the user's comment, and the validity the data can verified comparing the actual hash value with the hash value the data field. good plan today better than perfect plan tomorrow. wag the dog token economy token economy mbl token mbl, moviebloc token, used for economic activity the ecosystem. users watching premium content (tvod) creators paying translators designers users donating other participants (creators, translators, designers, reviewers etc.) curators depositing for screen expansion rewarding the users (illegal content report, film rating, film review) creator early opening, director's cut sharing provide content donation revenue share kmp theater theater renting theater ...... theater content token reward token staking curators subtitle token payment user content curation user token payment user ...... content curation token payment report, review, rating user fig. token economy structure users watching premium content (tvod) premium content payment within the moviebloc done through the mbl token. the paid mbl will distributed the contributors such creators and curators through the smart contract. creators paying translators designers mbl tokens are used for talent transactions between creators, curators, translators, and designers the process submitting content. token economy users donating other participants creator donation divided into the donation for the curator and donation for the participant. the donation for the curator reviewing scenarios released the creator before film production. depending the donation, the curator will have the authority release the film for certain period time through his individual theater before the official opening the film. participant donation allows viewers send the desired amount tokens and messages their favorite creators, actors, and film producers. participant donation can sponsored the audience the content, including the desired amount tokens and messages their favorite creators and actors, and can watched before the official release. curators depositing for screen expansion curators can lease individual theaters that can provide movies consumers through mbl token staking and leveling models (number content view). the number tokens needed expand auditorium will increase the form exponential function, and maximum individual theater can secured curator. the limitation the number individual theater and the leveling model intended allow the curator make more efforts curation that consumers can experience new and high-quality content. meant prevent the monopoly individual theaters capital and provide opportunities for activities accordance with the curator curation ability. raise the level, the curator will curate the avod model and tvod model promote the content, not only the tvod content for profit. rewarding the users viewers will receive ratings and reviews their viewed content and reward them with mbl tokens. you can receive mbl tokens reporting illegal content such copyrighted content. million people see movie, hope they see million different movies. quentin tarantino token allocation token allocation mbl information token name mbl total token supply ,,, mbl platform token distribution ontology private sale mbl airdrop initial exchange offering ont foundation team mbl ecosystem mbl foundation fund allocation strategy partners biz development r&d marketing operation see the world, things dangerous come to, see behind walls, draw closer, find each other and feel. that this the purpose 'life'. the secret life walter mitty rodeumaeb roadmap token contract develop token generation event project demo wallet module api develop payment and token allocation develop project beta launching project official launching this document intended convey specific information about the platform being planned and developed the moviebloc team. this document for informational purposes only. nothing herein should construed indicating the accuracy reliability the information contained herein. although the information contained this document has been taken from the source materials that the moviebloc team believes reliable and believable, the moviebloc team does not endorse the accuracy suitability such information. other words, the moviebloc team will not held liable for any loss damage caused information associated with the moviebloc platform. the information contained this document furnished only the present time and subject change without notice, and the moviebloc team not obligated revise, modify update this document. each recipient must rely solely his her knowledge, research, judgment, and evaluation the information contained this document, and we, our employees, and our shareholders are not liable for any claims, suggestions, not bear any responsibility obligation anyone for information. the moviebloc team has tried include the facts this document, and the estimates the possibilities contained the documentation are based subjective predictions and should not construed representations actual likelihood. this document not intended for citizens residents any state, country, other jurisdiction where distribution, publication use prohibited. this document available only the moviebloc.io and can not redistributed, copied, forwarded, published any person, whole part, without the prior written consent the moviebloc team for any purpose. you give answer your viewer, your film will simply finish the movie theatre. but when you pose questions, your film actually begins after people watch it. asghar fahadi