chain machine machine mesh network white paper produced mtc mesh network foundation pte. ltd all our blockchain networks are currently operating centralized network now, this will reversed! mtc machines and decentralized mesh network which used link machines mtc mesh network mtc mesh network, kind mesh network, connects one machine with another the iot, achieve correspondence between them. decentralized network protocol, with its correspondence being conducted mutual data exchange between communication modules installed these machines, like ble and wifi. the mesh network, every machine, such mobile phone, refrigerator, automobile, cash register and robot, can node. and these nodes could communicate with each other without the traditional internet, because mtc totally-decentralized mesh network protocol. for blockchain network and iot new generation, mtc mesh network the foundation. that is, once mtc mesh network built, all blockchain projects and iot machines can exchange information and make transactions rapidly and conveniently, even offline. mtc can support all blockchain projects, including bitcoin, ethereu,, eos, qtum and achain, enable them shift value and enable iot equipment transfer data. this way, network congestion caused large qualities transactions unblocked; iot does not need build costly private network transmit data. short, will become the mainstream network for decentralized near field communication and the iot. mtc mesh network open platform ios android open platform javascript ble module mtc, totally-open-source project, supports various systems, such ios, android and get access mtc network protocol quickly and provides lots api cases, that your intelligence devices can enjoy function near field communication brought mesh network just minutes. for instance, this can used forms offline internet chat, near-field interaction app, blockchain wallet, wisdom city, indoor localization, near-field offline payment well iot control system. all the applications based mtc mesh network combine with each other form node-to-node mesh network. our core operation team once had participated similar iot open platforms and attracted almost users. taking the advantage existed technologies and resources, mtc funding will continually develp the mtc network protol deeper level, with its target cooperate with apps years, with the user coverage mtc mesh network reaching one billion. mesh+blockchain mesh network, namely wireless mesh network, which evolves from hoc networks and multi-hop network, one the vital technologies address the "last mile" logistics problem. the process developing new networking, wireless indispensable. wireless mesh network, dynamic self-organized networking structure which can expanded gradually, can achieve cooperative communication with other networks, enabling two multiple devices maintain wireless connectivity. mesh network currently applied occasions where the network environment are complicated and near field communication are needed, such underground parking lot, mine field, disaster rescue and relief and the control system iot. the combination between the decentralized blockchain network protocol with the decentralized infrastructure mesh networking technology will promote the birth new underlying communication protocol which will applied the blockchain network and the iot. present, the combination blockchain and mesh network are mainly used four projects globally, namely smart mesh, right mesh, nodle team and our mtc mesh network. and these projects, mesh network are mainly applied two forms. one the offline communication application between different mobile phones, such chatting, playing game, blockchain payment. typical projects are smart mesh and right mesh. the other specialized communication network for the iot, such data collection iot devices and near field offline payment. typical projects are nodle and mtc. smart mesh, ethereum-based application, can support all offline transactions and offline communication protocol transacting erc tokens. and charges certain amount smt tokens commission while helping clients who possess erc assests with offline transactions. afterwards, smart mesh introduced mesh box one offline node and issued new type token support the mesh network, enabling clients build distributed node system and conduct bitcoin mining through mesh box. mesh+blockchain mtc mesh network will develop our own primary blockchain network address problems, like low transaction speed ethereum-based network and costly commission and support the offline transaction almost all blockchain assest, including btc, erc, eos and qtum. the application mtc primary networking tokens makes the possibility zero transaction fee offline transactions become reality, with focus helping the iot devices build fundamental mesh networ replace the existing costly wide-area network stations, like lora and nb-iot and other applications nodle. this way, clients can rewarded with mtc tokens due sharing their own cell phones provide network support iot deveices. network communication expenditure will cut per year the mtc mesh network used. mtc, apart from providing mesh communication for iot devices, launches services mesh station for iot enterprises. services include storing data and building mesh network nodes well enables these nodes conduct transactions the mtc system. for clients can build the mesh stationto maintain the security mtc network and earn earn mtc tokens through sharing data storage space. mtc mesh network network architecture mesh station distributed mesh nodes are globally synchronized after receiving the broadcast data, any terminal the mesh network connected wide area iot node internet will synchronize broadcast data mesh station wide area transport layer elte nb-iot internet synchronous transmission/ asynchronous transmission. near field mesh communication through the terminal bluetooths wi-fi each iot convey data from the mesh ad-hoc network, mtc network can convey information all iot terminals the occasion ble modules, with one single bluetooth covering meters (wi-fi meters), and can extend infinitely network coverage connecting node node. this way, terminal devices can make the one-to-multiple communication come true even when there public network. that say, once any device, the whole mesh network, had the opportunity get access public network, will convey all data mesh station synchronize all data the mesh network system. this indefinitely-extended network, you can make mobile payment, play on-line games, chat with others, conduct iot communication, and etc.. mtc mesh network iot stack service layer data format protocol layer transport layer connectivity layer iot mesh sdk device management mesh module trinary /binary json mam mqtt, xmpp mtc bluetooth wi-fi elte /lora /nb-iot block chain wallet app mesh sdk mesh station web.js geth/ meshstation mtc swarm les/pp/whishper mtc blockchain network, with fetures distributed ledger and node-to-node.different from the traditional blockchain network whose data communication often blocked because limited size blocks, installment many sub-nodes can guarantee rapid communication and off-chain transactions. meanwhile, encouraging individual users share network nodes with other iot devices awarding them mtc tokens address problems like networking and data storage. one-to multiple mesh network the bottom-layer the near field mesh communication based many protocols like bel/wifi. with the increase mesh station which orgnized distributed nodes, mtc mesh network will become better and better. co-works with other mainstream blockchain network, including bitcoin, eth, eos and ae, and iot sensors build fundamental network protol for the iot sector. mtc mesh network iot node linking each intelligent devices mtc mesh network for new basic network, which not only the smartphone can act node, but also all other intelligent devices around can play nodes. mtc mesh token and mtc main network first all, mtc mesh token adopts smart contract based erc tokens, which can short for mtc. ethereum pubic, distributed and open-source blockchain platform, rpviding distributed turing-complete virtual machine support the operation the smart contract. mtc used motivate mtc node users producers purchase services the mtc system. for instance, the iot enterprises can use the mtc network link their iot devices conduct communication. clients will rewarded with mtc tokens they link their smartphones and other mesh stattion nodes with the mesh network. mtc mesh token will replace erc token which based ethereum with mtc main network token. mtc main network adopts distributed way which guaranteed pos proof stake, with users being able set mesh station the mtc networ protect the security the whole network. what's more, every mesh station can share other users with its own networking and data storage space, earn mtc tokens offering data storage service with iot enterprises. mtc mesh main networ can support transaction over tps and any payment mtc tokens will charge gas fee. for example, arron pays bob mtc and bob will receive mtc which means the mtc platform will charge nil the transactions. because users have already earned profitable mtc tokens sharing their networking and storage sapce while they develop the pos mesh station. since the mesh station comes with pos proof stake, users not need build extral stations for mtc network. plus, the fact that mesh station comes with bel modules will enable users earn mtc tokens collecting data various iot devices and reporting iot enterprises. mtc offline paymen living era when mobile payment prevailing, any third-party payment platforms can not provide payment services normal when the internet cut off the signal weak. however, mtc makes the offline payment become reality for the first time. mtc offline payment will confirm the transaction quickly through mesh nodes first. and then, will use the mtc mesh network convey synchronously the transaction data offline nodes. mtc users can encrypt their transaction information transfering signature bluetooths cellphones wi-fi and make offline payment confirming any node who access the internet, guarantee that the transaction data notorized clients. task failure task complete radio transactions task every node arron mtc mtc offline offline tom online jack's smart refrigerator ruby i.e. the starters, arron and tom build communication channel the internet using any mtc apps blockchain wallets that are linking the mtc network and pleage certain capital respectively. the offline environment, users can make use mtc, btc, eth and other blockchain assets make payment. *arron/tom/jack's refrigerator/ruby builds offline mesh network mobile phone mtc app. *arron transmit the transaction information which encrypted signature the whole mesh network and all the four parties will store and encrype the transaction data. *once the internet available any node links the internet, will synchronize the cryptographic transaction information all mesh nodes, and then transaction data will verified and completed. *mesh node distributed one, supporting all blockchain network, which similar the lightning network bitcion and rainden network ethereum. functions guaranty and enables clients conduct timely micropayment. arrom cheat others, the tokens has pledged the mesh node will deducted and given tom. *mesh node totoall disinterested. will support amlost all mainstream blockchain networks their pulic nodes, including bitcoin, eth, eod and ae. *when arron and tom conduct offline transactions, all the four parties will store and encrype the transaction information. and once the internet available, any party can make synchronical verification the data guarantee the security and prevent the data from tampering. mtc near field non sense near-field internet things (iot) aware payment without with network you have reserved the goods advance, and the payment app used the mtc mesh network, you cellphone will auto-wake-up and remind that you are arriving the target location. your real-time position will displayed the terminal the corresponding shop, and they will deliver your goods you. mtc network helps iot enterprises, for example vending machine, sharable charger conduct transactions with web support, saving costs communication and communication module, sfor example, wifi and can verify the validity the payment through the user's phone and send back the authentication information the iot terminal offline. mtc internet things sharing mesh network resources with iot earn mtc tokens reality, large number iot devices require network and lbs information support, such electricity, gas, shared bikes, anti-lost alarm, smart trash can and street lamp. they pay tens millions per year get online communication services. the future, iot industry will save more than half the online communication fees once mtc sharing mesh network applied. mtc mesh network can provide mesh network for low-power anti-lost devices for children. traditional children anti-lost devices poor its localization technology and can used outdoor only. due its high power consumption ability, can used less than one week with data updating every ten minutes. after companies adopted mtc mesh network, they will get access almost real-time outdoor and indoor geographical location information. besides, can achieve more than half year's service life with the mtc mesh low power consumption chip. mtc product providing mesh network sdk for all kinds app only takes minutes for developers connect mesh network contributing network nodes for achieving national mesh sdk ble mesh module mesh station mesh network-less node (mine machine) bel mesh module for iot enterprises sharing mesh nodes, can help iot enterprises build state -of -the art iot network with high efficiency and low cost. mtc business model users need have mtc order make offline mesh trade they planned pay non-mtc tokens. will charge certain amount mtc gas and reward miners, but the user pay mtc, will free. iot enterpriese users must use mtc token buy the right use mesh network the distributed data storage service. big data access and analysis need consume mtc tokens. mtc token allocation mtc team will firstly release mtc token based erc token standard. the total amount will billion. will converted mtc network tocken after the master network start running. total private placement million mtc tokens mtc network sharing node reward million mtc tokens, dunked down every years once every six months mtc team million mtc tokens foundation million mtc tokens early investors million mtc tokens early investors fundation team private equity mining order keep the project sustainable, mtc has strict restictions the lift ban the token possessed mtc team. the token possessed the team will frozed for years. mtc token usage plan mtc mtc development promotion iot mesh node construction set mtc research and develpment mtc network early stage research investment. will achieve profit years and undertake the research and development expenditure itself. project operation and promotion global market promotion, mainly including mobile users, goverments and smart cities, energy and shared economic fields. iot mesh nodes contribution collaborate with goverment and shared economic enterprises build smart city, public paking lot and electricity and build iot mesh nodes gas energy, iot lbs and etc projects. mtc token reward rules you can share your cellphone the mesh node the mtc network win token reward. reward calculation method: the amount token possessed userxthe amount time user posessed the tokenxthe amount time celephone node sharingxthe amount transactions made your node and the amount mission reported iot data share mesh network node mesh station you can buy mesh station the ore machine and pos common node mtc mesh network. adopts the mixed mining mechanism pos storage space networking mesh network sharing, allocating mesh station scenes win token reward. reward calculation method: the amount token possessed userxthe amount time user posessed the tokenxthe amount time onlinexthe storage space occupiedxnetwork bandwidth the amount payment transactions made the base station the amount mission reported iot data. mtc milestone technical team operations team set technical architecture designtechnical architecture design completed million private placement sell tokens million mtc tokens support ethmesh networkless transactions mesh network trading wallet .bata on-line mtc mesh wallets support btc eth qtum webless transaction development mesh station development mtc main chain development mesh sdk development mesh station v.bata public on-line test. mesh sdk v.bata public on-line test. mesh wallet v.bata public on-line test. open node share mining. station/sdk/wallet/mtc main network public on-line test. global operations promotion. iot project cooperation implementation. app access mesh node sdk. combined with government/enterprises, the construction mesh network nodes iot assets completed each year. +app access mtc network node sdk. can cover hundreds millions users build mesh network. mtc team arron lee serial entrepreneur, multiple iot project financing and successful launch experience the founder the offdoo technology founder brightbeacon technology years experience internet/internet things products. meng chili jcble founder. world leading lpwan solution team leader. worked for china unicom/sicmicro for years wireless communication field/ic integrated semiconductor industry tao co-founder bright beacon developer ethereum community forum eight-year experience researching and developing mobible internet; participated over r&d and design projects related mobile application; domestic pioneer developing navidation engine for indoor localization, technology has been used over tens thousands developers; original technology ble mesh realizes offline communication, with coverage reaching and control mobile apps ios and android remote activation back-end application through mesh network. shipping founder jcble.com -year experience research and developing communication protocol, and device driver hired haier (beijing) design co., ltd. and charge the r&d core chips, and devide driver hired thomson (beijing) friendly technology, leader the r&d team chips manage the r&d department chongqing china silian instruments and meters group independently developed logan ans lpwan many patents lpwan professor.ranpeng associate profess, master the university manchester mainly engage the research and development new technologies and devices intelligent inspection participated the program (national high-tech r&d program) and major international scientific and technological cooperation projects charged and participated over research projects all both national and provincial level published over pieces journal articles and obtained over patents completed projects the pricinpal head, namely the national key industrial projects wearable iot intelligent terminal device" and the crossing research project "on-line monitoring system environmental information products have been accepted and adopted many industries, like healthcare, education, military and police dr.pangyu ph.d graduated from the mcgill university has been enaged long-term technical research photoelectric detecting and mesh communication low-power short-range mainly participated assembling chongqing key laboratory "photoelectric information detecting and transmission technology", orgnizing chongqing innovation team addressing the development "wisdom healthcare system and key technology building chongqing postdoctoral centre and studios for chief experts chongqing. headed research projects the national natural science foundation, research projects provincial level and focused one national specific research project and provincial key projects published more than sci/ei academic articles, monograph, and won more than national invention patents holding concurrent posts nan'an district cppcc member, member the chinese institute electronics, member ieee, commissioned shenzhen overseas student entrepreneurial expert. mtc investors sun zheyu the co-founder coldlar, the academic member financial science and technology innovation laboratory peking university, the vice president hongjia investment, and the well-known angel investor blockchain who has been interviewed cctv and the guardian. xie working full-time research and investment block chain products from and early participants the bitshares and etheric projects, bitshares director, co-founder bit startup, co-founder yoyow project, ceo weiqie information technology co., ltd. wang yajing former global market leader taig jailbreak team (the first domestic team ios jailbreak), who now ipin marketing partner business cognitive analysis platform. liu changyong chairman and co-founder taide caichuang co-founder true-bit forum the popular science author digital currency and blockchain. symposiastx and online forum manager babbitt doctor economics, peking university. associate professor, chongqing technology and business university. huang jian investor blockchain emba, guanghua school management, peking university former partner bitcoin foundation mtc investors chu zhuang former citic trust cio the current rui bao gold service ceo citic micro finance forums the first sponsor zhang haihui blockchain business angel secratary bcdo secratary wefinance forum wang binsheng blockchain angel investors blockchain united development organization consultant graduate school social sciences distinguished professor mesh network operators for the internet things