muzika white paper disclaimers please read this entire section carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, please consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s). (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h) (a) (b) (a) legal statement this whitepaper ("whitepaper"), its current form, circulated for general information purposes only relation the platform and applications described the whitepaper ("platform") presently conceived and subject review and revision. please note that this whitepaper work progress and the information this whitepaper current only the date the cover hereof. thereafter, the information, including information concerning muzika foundation pte. ltd. (the "company") business operations and financial condition may have changed. reserve the right change, modify, add delete parts this whitepaper website without notice for any reason any time. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the sale and purchase the tokens native the platform ("mzk" "token") and payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. any sale and purchase the token will governed legally binding agreement, the details which will made available separately from this whitepaper. the event any inconsistencies between the abovementioned agreement and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. this whitepaper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice sell, any solicitation any offer the issuer/distributor/vendor the token purchase any token nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. the tokens are not intended constitute securities, units business trust, units collective investment scheme, each defined under the securities and futures act (cap. singapore, its equivalent any other jurisdiction. accordingly, this whitepaper therefore, does not, and not intended to, constitute prospectus, profile statement, offer document any sort, and should not construed offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment, solicitation for any form investment any jurisdiction. token should construed, interpreted, classified treated enabling, according any opportunity to, purchasers participate receive profits, income, other payments returns arising from connection with the platform, the token, products, receive sums paid out such profits, income, other payments returns. this whitepaper any part hereof may not reproduced, distributed otherwise disseminated any jurisdiction where offering coins/tokens the manner set out this whitepaper regulated prohibited. regulatory authority has reviewed, examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken any jurisdiction. where you wish purchase any token, the tokens are not construed, interpreted, classified treated as: (a) any kind currency other than cryptocurrency; (b) debentures, stocks shares issued any entity; (c) rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares; (d) rights under contract for differences under any other contract with the purpose pretended purpose secure profit avoid loss; (e) units derivatives collective investment scheme business trust, any other type securities. restrictions distribution and dissemination the distribution dissemination this whitepaper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws regulatory requirements any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about, obtain legal and other relevant advice on, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable your possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without liability the company its representatives, agents, and related companies ("affiliates"). persons whom copy this whitepaper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have the whitepaper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute this whitepaper any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. disclaimer liability the token, the platform and related services provided the company and its affiliates are provided "as is" and "as available" basis. the company and its affiliates not grant any warranties make any representation, express implied otherwise, the accessibility, quality, suitability, accuracy, adequacy, completeness the token, the platform any related services provided the company and its affiliates, and expressly disclaim any liability for errors, delays, omissions in, for any action taken reliance on, the token, the platform and related services provided the company and its affiliates. (b) (c) (a) (b) (c) the company, its affiliates and its directors, officials and employees not make purport make, and hereby disclaim, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws and regulations, the company and its affiliates shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you. cautionary note forward-looking statements certain information set forth this whitepaper includes forward-looking information regarding the future the project, future events and projections. these statements are not statements historical fact and may identified but not limited words and phrases such "will", "estimate", "believe", "expect", "project", "anticipate", words similar meaning. such forward-looking statements are also included other publicly available materials such presentations, interviews, videos etc., information contained this whitepaper constitutes forward-looking statements including but not limited future results, performance, achievements the company its affiliates. the forward-looking statements involve variety risks and uncertainties. these statements are not guarantees future performance and undue reliance should placed them. should any these risks uncertainties materialise, the actual performance and progress the company its affiliates might differ from expectations set the forward-looking statements. the company its affiliates undertake obligation update forward-looking statements should there any change circumstances. acting upon forward-looking information received from this whitepaper, the company its affiliates' website and other materials produced the company its affiliates, you personally bear full responsibility the event where the forward-looking statements not materialize. the date this whitepaper, the platform has not been completed and not fully operational. any description pertaining and regarding the platform made the basis that the platform will completed and fully operational. however, this paragraph shall way construed providing any form guarantee assurance that the platform will eventually completed fully operational. potential risks purchasing, holding and using the tokens, you expressly acknowledge and assume the risks set out this section any these risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results operations and prospects the company its affiliates may materially and adversely affected. such cases, you may lose all part the value the token. such risks include but are not limited the following: risks relating the tokens (a) there may not public secondary market for the tokens the tokens are intended native tokens used the platform, and the company and its affiliates have not and may not actively facilitate any secondary trading external trading tokens. addition, there and has been public market for the tokens and the tokens are not traded, whether any cryptocurrency exchange otherwise. the event that the tokens are traded cryptocurrency exchange, there assurance that active liquid trading market for the tokens will develop developed, sustained. there also assurance that the market price the tokens will not decline below the purchase amount paid for the tokens, which not indicative such market price. token not currency issued any central bank national, supra-national quasi-national organisation, nor backed any hard assets other credit. the company and its affiliates are not responsible for nor they pursue the circulation and trading the tokens the market. trading the tokens merely depends the consensus its value between the relevant market participants, and one obliged acquire any token from any holder the token, including the purchasers the tokens, nor does anyone guarantee the liquidity market price the tokens any extent any time. accordingly, the company and its affiliates cannot ensure that there will any demand market for the tokens, that the price upon which the tokens were purchased indicative the market price the tokens they are made available for trading cryptocurrency exchange. risks relating the company, its affiliates and the platform (a) limited availability sufficient information the platform still early development phase the date this whitepaper. its governance structure, purpose, consensus mechanism, algorithm, code, infrastructure design and other technical specifications and parameters may updated and changed frequently without notice. while this whitepaper contains the key information currently available relation the platform, subject adjustments and updates from time time, announced the company's website. purchasers will not have full access all the information relevant the tokens and/or the platform. nevertheless, anticipated that significant milestones and progress reports will announced the company's website. (b) the digital assets raised the sale the tokens are exposed risks theft (i) whilst the company and its affiliates will make every effort ensure that the [eth] received from the sale tokens are securely held through the implementation security measures, there assurance that there will theft the cryptocurrencies result hacks, mining attacks, sophisticated cyber-attacks, distributed denials service errors, vulnerabilities defects such blockchain addresses, the ethereum blockchain, any other blockchain, otherwise. such events may include, for example, flaws programming source code leading exploitation abuse thereof. such event, even the sale tokens completed, the company and its affiliates may not able receive the cryptocurrencies raised and the company and its affiliates may not able utilise such funds for the development the platform, and the launch the platform might temporarily permanently curtailed. such, the issued tokens may hold little worth value. the tokens are uninsured, unless you specifically obtain private insurance insure them. the event any loss loss value the tokens, you may have recourse. (c) the blockchain address(es) may compromised and the digital assets may not able retrieved (i) the blockchain address(es) are designed secured. however, the event that the blockchain address(es) for the receipt purchase amounts otherwise are, for any reason, compromised (including but not limited scenarios the loss keys such blockchain address(es), the funds held such blockchain address(es) may not able retrieved and disbursed, and may permanently unrecoverable. such event, even the sale the tokens successful, the company and its affiliates will not able receive the funds raised and the company and its affiliates will not able utilise such funds for the development the platform, and the implementation the platform might temporarily permanently curtailed. such, distributed tokens may hold little worth value. (d) there assurance any success the platform and the company and its affiliates may cease the development, launch and operation the platform the value of, and demand for, the tokens hinges heavily the performance the platform. there assurance that the platform will gain traction after its launch and achieve any commercial success. the platform has not been fully developed, finalised and integrated and subject further changes, updates and adjustments prior its launch. such changes may result unexpected and unforeseen effects its projected appeal users, and hence impact its success. there are guarantees that the process for creating the tokens will uninterrupted error-free. while the company has made every effort provide realistic estimate, there also assurance that the cryptocurrencies raised the sale tokens will sufficient for the development and integration the platform. for the foregoing any other reason, the development and integration the platform may not completed and there assurance that its systems, protocols products will launched all. such, distributed tokens may hold little worth value. additional reasons which may result the termination the development, launch operation the platform includes, but not limited to, (aa) unfavourable fluctuation the value cryptographic and fiat currencies, (bb) the inability the company and its affiliates establish the platform the tokens' utility resolve technical problems and issues faced relation the development operation the platform the token, the failure commercial relationships, (cc) intellectual property disputes during development operation, and (dd) changes the future capital needs the company its affiliates and the availability financing and capital fund such needs. for the aforesaid and other reasons, the platform may longer viable project and may dissolved simply not launched, negatively impacting the platform and the potential utility and value the tokens. (e) there may lack demand for the platform and the services provided, which would impact the value the tokens there risk that upon launching the platform, there lack interest from consumers, merchants, advertisers, and other key participants for the platform and the services, and that there may limited interest and therefore use the platform and the tokens. such lack interest could impact the operation the platform and the uses potential value the tokens. there risk competition from alternative platforms that may have been established, even from existing businesses which would target any segment the potential users the platform fulfilling similar demands, e.g. corporations targeting advertisers seeking purchase consumer data and market analysis. therefore, the event that the competition results lack interest and demand for the platform, the services and the tokens, the operation the platform and the value the tokens may negatively impacted. (f) (i) (ii) the company and its affiliates may experience system failures, unplanned interruptions its network services, hardware software defects, security breaches other causes that could adversely affect the company its affiliates' infrastructure network, the platform the company and its affiliates are unable anticipate detect when there would occurrences hacks, cyber-attacks, mining attacks (including but not limited doublespend attacks, majority mining power attacks and "selfish-mining" attacks), distributed denials service errors, vulnerabilities defects the platform, the tokens, any technology (including but not limited smart contract technology) which the company, its affiliates, the platform, the tokens, rely the ethereum blockchain any other blockchain. such events may include, for example, flaws programming source code leading exploitation abuse thereof. the company and its affiliates may not able detect such issues timely manner, and may not have sufficient resources efficiently cope with multiple service incidents happening simultaneously rapid succession. although the company and its affiliates will taking steps against malicious attacks its appliances its infrastructure, which are critical for the maintenance the platform and its other services, there can assurance that cyber-attacks, such distributed denials service, will not attempted the future, and that any such security measures will effective. any significant breach security measures other disruptions resulting compromise the usability, stability and security the company and its affiliates' network services, including the platform. risks relating the participation the sale tokens (a) you may not able recover the purchase amount paid for the tokens (i) except provided under any applicable terms sale prescribed applicable laws and regulations, the company not obliged provide you with refund the purchase amount. promises future performance price are will made respect the tokens, including promises inherent value continuing payments, and there guarantee that the tokens will hold any particular value. therefore, the recovery the purchase amount may impossible may subject applicable laws and regulations. (b) you may subject adverse legal and/or tax implications result the purchase, distribution and use the tokens (i) the legal character cryptocurrency and cryptographic assets remain uncertain. there risk that the tokens may considered securities certain jurisdictions, may considered securities certain jurisdictions the future. the company and its affiliates does not provide any warranty guarantee how the tokens will classified, and each purchaser will bear all consequences the tokens being considered securities their respective jurisdictions, and bear the responsibility the legality, use and transfer the tokens the relevant jurisdictions. (ii) further, the tax treatment the acquisition disposal such cryptocurrency cryptographic assets might depend whether they are classified securities, assets, currency otherwise. the tax characterisation the tokens remains indeterminate, you must seek your own tax advice connection with the purchase, acquisition disposal the tokens, which may result adverse tax consequences tax reporting requirements for you. (c) the loss compromise information relating the purchaser wallet and your platform may affect your access and possession the tokens (i) there risk that you may lose access and possession the tokens permanently due loss unique personal created the platform, and other identification information, loss requisite private key(s) associated with the purchaser wallet vault storing the tokens any other kind custodial purchaser errors. (d) blockchains may face congestion and transactions may delayed lost (i) most blockchains used for cryptocurrency transactions (e.g. ethereum) are prone periodic congestion during which transactions can delayed lost. individuals may also intentionally spam the network attempt gain advantage purchasing cryptographic tokens. this may result situation where block producers may not include your purchase the tokens when you intends transact, your transaction may not included all. privacy and data retention issues (a) part the token sales, the verification processes and the subsequent operation the platform, the company may collect personal information from you. the collection such information subject applicable laws and regulations. all information collected will used for purposes the token sales and operations the platform, thus may transferred contractors, service providers and consultants worldwide appointed the company. apart from external compromises, the company and its appointed entities may also suffer from internal security breaches whereby their employees may misappropriate, misplace lose personal information purchasers. the company may required expend significant financial resources alleviate problems caused any breaches losses, settle fines and resolve inquiries from regulatory government authorities. any information breaches losses will also damage the company's reputations, thereby harming its long-term prospects. macro risks (a) general global market and economic conditions may have adverse impact the company and its affiliates' operations and the use the platform the company and its affiliates could affected general global economic and market conditions. challenging economic conditions worldwide have from time time, contributed, and may continue contribute, slowdowns the information technology industry large. weakness the economy may have negative effect the company and its affiliates' business strategies, results operations and prospects. suppliers which the platform relies for servers, bandwidth, location and other services could also negatively impacted economic conditions that, turn, could have negative impact the company and its affiliates' operations expenses. there can assurance, therefore, that current economic conditions worsening economic conditions prolonged recurring recession will not have significant adverse impact the company and its affiliates' business strategies, results operations and prospects and hence the platform, which may turn impact the value the tokens. (b) the regulatory regime governing blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies, tokens, offering tokens, and the platform remain uncertain, and any changes, regulations policies may materially adversely affect the development the platform and the utility the tokens (i) regulation the tokens, the offer and sale tokens, cryptocurrencies, blockchain technologies, and cryptocurrency exchanges currently undeveloped underdeveloped and likely rapidly evolve. such regulation also varies significantly among different jurisdictions, and hence subject significant uncertainty. the various legislative and executive bodies different jurisdictions may the future adopt laws, regulations, guidance, other actions, which may severely impact the development and growth the platform, the adoption and utility the tokens the issue, offer, and sale the tokens the company. failure the company and its affiliates users the platform comply with any laws, rules and regulations, some which may not exist yet are subject interpretation and may subject change, could result variety adverse consequences against the company and its affiliates, including civil penalties and fines. (ii) blockchain networks also face uncertain regulatory landscape many foreign jurisdictions. various jurisdictions may, the near future, adopt laws, regulations directives that affect the platform, and therefore, the value the tokens. such laws, regulations directives may directly and negatively impact the operations the company and its affiliates. the effect any future regulatory change impossible predict, but such change could substantial and could materially adverse the development and growth the platform and the adoption and utility the tokens. (iii) the extent that the company and its affiliates may required obtain licences, permits and/or approvals (collectively, the "regulatory approvals") carry out its business, including that the creation the tokens and the development and operation the platform, but are unable obtain such regulatory approvals such regulatory approvals are not renewed revoked for whatever reason the relevant authorities, the business the company and its affiliates may adversely affected. (iv) there assurance that more stringent requirements will not imposed upon the company and its affiliates the relevant authorities the future, that the company and its affiliates will able adapt timely manner changing regulatory requirements. these additional more stringent regulations may restrict the company and its affiliates' ability operate its business and the company and its affiliates may face actions for non-compliance fails comply with any such requirements. (v) further, should the costs (financial otherwise) complying with such newly implemented regulations exceed certain threshold, maintaining the platform may longer commercially viable and the company and its affiliates may opt discontinue the platform and/or the tokens. further, difficult predict how whether governments regulatory authorities may implement any changes laws and regulations affecting distributed ledger technology and its applications, including the platform and the tokens. the company and its affiliates may also have cease operations jurisdiction that makes illegal operate such jurisdiction, make commercially unviable undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. scenarios such the foregoing, the distributed tokens may hold little worth value. (c) there may risks relating acts god, natural disasters, wars, terrorist attacks, riots, civil commotions widespread communicable diseases and other events beyond the control the company and its affiliates (i) the sale the tokens and the performance the company, its affiliates and/or the platform's activities may interrupted, suspended delayed due acts god, natural disasters, wars, terrorist attacks, riots, civil commotions, widespread communicable diseases and other events beyond the control the company and its affiliates. such events could also lead uncertainty the economic outlook global markets and there assurance that such markets will not affected, that recovery from the global financial crisis would continue. such events, the company and its affiliates' business strategies, results operations and outlook may materially and adversely affected, and the demand for and use the tokens and the platform may materially affected. further, outbreak such infectious communicable diseases occurs any the countries which the company, its affiliates, and the participants the platform have operations the future, market sentiment could adversely affected and this may have negative impact the platform and its community. (d) blockchain and cryptocurrencies, including the tokens are relatively new and dynamic technology. addition the risks highlighted herein, there are other risks associated with your purchase of, holding and use the tokens, including those that cannot anticipate. such risks may further materialise unanticipated variations combinations the risks discussed herein. further information update person has been authorised give any information representation not contained this whitepaper connection with the tokens, the platform, the company its affiliates and their respective businesses and operations, and, given, such information representation must not relied upon having been authorised behalf the company its affiliates. language this whitepaper may translated into other languages. any disagreement should arise due different language translations, the version english will prevail. advice information this whitepaper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding the token, the platform, the company its affiliates. you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s) regarding the token, the company its affiliates and their respective businesses and operations. you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any purchase the tokens for indefinite period time. abstract "muzika revolutionary coin economy that will reshape the global digital music industry." this whitepaper outlines how muzika revolutionizes the music industry establishing self-sustaining and righteous digital music ecosystem that will eliminate unnecessary intermediaries, empower musicians and consumers, decentralize distribution power, and restore the balance economic distribution among market players. muzika holds the promise future where compensation for musical creation becomes proportional the effort and dedication put into the creative process. for the past two decades, the music industry has gone through two enormous paradigm shifts: one from 'tangible albums' 'intangible files', and one from 'download' 'streaming.' the former made music more accessible and widespread, and the latter elevated the levels cashflow into the industry. however, the share these boosted profits that musicians receive has seen decline. distributors and publishers are enjoying excessive and long-lasting returns for one-time and unsophisticated task. the issue digital copyright piracy still remains unresolved. fans hope see the musicians they love happy, but not have any role fill other than consuming digital music that packaged the distributors and publishers. muzika gearing overturn the depressing reality today's digital music market. from will transform the digital music industry and re-define the roles the market players involved, including consumers and musicians. the muzika coin (mzk) will serve the sole medium for all the transactions and exchanges necessary within the new ecosystem, sparking paradigm shift the digital music industry. invite you join the revolution. market overview: the digital transformation here briefly introduce how the music industry has evolved over the past two decades, and how the issues behind muzika's inception developed. abstract from physical digital market summary tangible albums issues muzika digital transformation intangible files the story the recorded music industry over the past two decades one transformation: from physical digital; downloads streaming; ownership access. the transformation has brought about team muzika more variety terms services, and increased accessibility consumers. today, can listen music disclaimer digital music currently the key driver growth the music industry whole, accounted for via streaming services without directly owning downloading digital music files. global revenue and the music market snapshot global music industry global recorded music market growth global streaming music market growth source: ifpi global digital music revenue growth rate digital music share global revenue users paid streaming subscription streaming music share global digital music revenue trends the music industry global recorded music industry revenues from (unit: usd bn) abstract -.% -.% -.% market summary -.% -.% -.% issues muzika -.% -.% -.% -.% -.% team muzika disclaimer total revenue -.% -.% physical digital performace rights synchronization total growth the past few years, the global recorded music industry has seen return modest growth after having experienced more than decade significant decline. global music revenues totaled usd billion and increased yoy, improving the previous year's increase, and marking the largest growth the industry since ifpi began tracking revenue this growth, however, should viewed the context the industry having lost nearly its revenues the preceding years, from despite more than decade market decline, record companies have continued invest heavily digital music, building applications and infrastructure for licensed digital music services. thanks these efforts, digital music has been growth engine for the past years, expanding cagr from source: ifpi vivace molto: transforming from physical digital global music revenues segment, synch performance rights abstract synch music revenues segment, physical market summary physical issues digital muzika digital team muzika digital music accounted for total global recorded music revenues the us, the world's disclaimer grow cagr from usd million usd million largest music market, digital music revenue accounted for the industry total, and expected digital music revenues (unit: usd mn) digital music revenue the source: ifp, riaa growth the early the inception music sharing players players abstract market summary issues muzika team muzika disclaimer playing time: about mins number songs: songs vs. playing time: about ,mins number songs: songs for model music was first digitized the form the mp, audio file format typically compressed only megabytes per song average. this innovation rendered all other previous mediums music, such cds and cassettes, obsolete and transformed the industry via the enabling digital distribution. this had both positive and negative effects for musicians. one hand, they were now able release and distribute new music across the world will. the other hand, pervasive copyright piracy leading consequent decrease music sales, and distributors' exorbitant commissions, combined reduce musicians' personal profits. napster, file sharing peer-to-peer (pp) service engineered shawn fanning and sean parker, led this revolutionary transformation. for the first time people could share digital audio files online, and the service quickly gained popularity among american college students. its peak had around million registered users. source: wikipedia napster and apple: early pioneers downloadable music although most users had qualms about sharing their files, most musicians and music executives were livid the rampant piracy implicitly condoned napster. although fanning and parker purported strongly abstract market summary issues muzika team muzika disclaimer opposed the illegal downloading and sharing music, there was doubt that the majority its users were using the service obtain free music downloads. finally, the recording industry association america filed lawsuit against napster for breach copyright law, and napster was forced shut down its service after short legal battle. the demise napster, however, could not stop the growing trend towards online music sharing, and music sharing continues this day extremely popular means acquiring music files. apple capitalized this popularity when launched the first version its 'itunes' software, which offered encoded versions cds, and allowed users easily manage their music libraries well transfer files their players. the itunes store was particularly innovative. was online music library for ethical young generation who could legally download music files saved and played apple's flagship player, the 'ipod'. the ipod and itunes immediately became the dominant players the digital music market. shift power digital music from napster apple steve jobs introducing apple's first ipod) commercial for the generation ipod) image source: https://www.extremetech.com/electronics/-the-apple-ipod-antitrust-lawsuit-did-apple-play-fair-with-its-fairplay-drm image source https://www.hardwarezone.com.sg/tech-news-apple-unveiled-ipod--years-ago-today-and-it-changed-everything: music downloads peaked decline global physical music revenues (unit: usd mn) revenue trends music downloads (unit: usd mn) abstract market summary -.% issues muzika team muzika digital revenues the disclaimer growth through the itunes store, users were able download music reasonable price usd per song which made itunes viable business model. was both affordable for the consumer and profitable for both apple and the musicians, whose music was being pirated with much less frequency thanks this service. since the explosion music downloads through sharing software, revenue generated global physical music sales has decreased precipitously, from usd million usd million --a loss revenue just years. the other hand, digital music downloads the rallied from until peaking cagr .%. the was the prime era music downloads, and musicians recouped some their share these revenues. however, another series transformations, the inception music streaming platforms and smartphones, soon faced the digital music industry with new challenge. source: riaa the sway melody: from downloads streaming smartphones game changer digital music abstract market summary issues playback mps muzika team muzika disclaimer on-demand streaming services apple's global popularity had begun usurped the introduction music streaming services. streaming platforms were able find niche market for those who were eager find new music and artists without having first purchase song before listening it. streaming platforms, including last.fm, pandora, and others have gained massive popularity ever since. streaming music made possible for consumers listen songs real time, instead downloading and storing file player. addition, through the use algorithms, the platforms are able provide personalized services based consumers' listening habits. when user indicates that they prefer particular song genre, these algorithms anticipate what else that user may like, and make suggestions automatically. just the release itunes and the ipod changed the music industry, the release the 'iphone' was another industry game-changer. streaming music: new engine growth world's top streaming music service providers abstract market summary issues muzika team muzika disclaimer from upper left bottom right, spotify/deezer/apple music/pandora/iheartradio/tidal/soundcloud/napster with the advent the smartphone, spotify had found the perfect vehicle for on-demand music streaming, app which now outperforms even pandora, the original music streaming service. other services have since scrambled catch and capitalize the growing popularity streaming. apple music also began offer its own radio subscription option shortly afterwards, youtube unveiled its own music app source: ifpi image source https://gizmodo.com/streaming-music-services-from-most-screwed-to-least-sc- dynamic growth backed technological blessing smartphone adoption users vs. streaming music revenue the (unit: usd mn, million) abstract market summary issues muzika team muzika cagr cagr disclaimer streaming music revenue (usd mn) number smartphone users (mn) for the past nine years, the number smartphone users grew from million million cagr .%, while total streaming music revenue increased from usd million usd million cagr .%. smartphone adoption becomes increasingly saturated, only seems likely that the popularity streaming services will continue increase. source: statista, riaa market forecast: streaming domination global number music stream subscribers (unit: mn) global downloads and streaming revenues (unit: usd mn) abstract market summary issues muzika team muzika number streaming music subscribers growth disclaimer downloads streaming global digital revenues grew usd billion, and the proliferation streaming has been the clear driver this growth, with revenue surging with more than million users paid subscriptions globally, streaming has passed crucial milestone. makes the majority digital revenue with share total digital revenues. the us, streaming music revenue exploded rising overtake digital sales music for the first time history, according nielson. the number global streaming music subscribers, well total global streaming revenue, are expected nearly double between and source: ifpi, statista, riaa, nielson issues "musicians say there money streaming... the industry suffering slow death and must change." willard ahdritz, ceo kobalt music group the digital transformation the music industry over the past twenty years has been enormously innovative yet challenging. today, fans have easier access more music than ever before, the overwhelming quantity available options makes streaming services even more beneficial. seems logical assume that musicians themselves would have more fruitful returns the digital market continues expand rapid rate, and capital continues flow into the digital music industry. reality, however, the imbalance the profit distribution structure, the existence multiple middlemen, and outstanding issues piracy continue deny artists their fair share. they are receiving historically low percentage total revenue, typically from consumers' payments. while platforms, major labels, distributors, and publishers may benefit from the digital transformation, artists are still not justly compensated for their creations. sustain the growth the digital music market, this chasm terms compensation between artist and middlemen should filled. the tyranny industry centralization global recorded market share top streaming music market share top abstract >market summary issues muzika team muzika disclaimer three major record labels currently dominate the global music industry, holding the total market share. they have used their powerful positions create unfair market environment, and enforce contracts that are unfavorable artists. the music streaming industry's current revenue distribution model disadvantageous musicians, particularly independent and novice musicians. they are often forced sign revenue sharing contracts with record labels and streaming platforms, and are bled much their share the revenue the benefit intermediaries who possess centralized powers. source: ifpi, riaa the injustice disproportionate profits current royalty sharing structure streaming music abstract >market summary issues artists back office services pros labels distributors platforms consumers muzika team muzika average, only about the total revenue remains for artists. disclaimer multiple layers middlemen, including streaming platforms, distributors, and publishers, all contribute the construction revenue sharing structure that unfavorable artists. many artists have raised their voices point out that they see too little the money generated their works. the share sales traditionally paid record labels, publishers, managers, and intermediaries can high leaving little for the artists who actually created the music. ones not directly involved the creative process, who often perform one-time and relatively unsophisticated tasks, are receiving even larger shares profit than artistic creators themselves. imbalanced profit sharing has continued, some musicians have tried seize control the distribution framework through the exclusive release albums via music streaming services. for example, musician frank ocean established his own label and released songs exclusively through apple music, increasing his share from total revenues. however, this not viable option for all musicians. source: the guardian stream ripping: the music piracy landscape today "music piracy theft. robs young and promising artists the fruits their creative endeavor." shaggy, musician abstract decreases global music revenues due piracy global stream ripping (unit: usd bn) >market summary issues muzika percent users accessing unlicensed music team muzika disclaimer growth overall usage streamripping sites from streaming has overtaken the download market, but forms music piracy have become more diversified. even today, music privacy remains one the most serious threats the digital music industry. undermines the profitability the licensed music business via many forms and channels: unlicensed streaming websites, peerto-peer (pp) file-sharing networks, stream ripping, and illicit mobile applications. most listeners unlicensed music were found have been using stream ripping order access pirated content. according the ifpi, music piracy still the rise worldwide, with users accessing unlicensed music, from the music industry still fighting uphill battle against the continued piracy music, attempting tackle all its forms. source: ifpi muzika "sync with muzika, the redemption the music world." table contents overview the muzika ecosystem ii. the muzika coin iii. the virtuous cycle the ecosystem iv. community management and governance scalability overview the muzika ecosystem: issues and solutions the summary the issues facing the digital music world abstract >market summary >issues muzika team muzika disclaimer more money inflows into music while less money outflowing artists: more people are paying for music, and the music industry seeing more cashflow, but lower percentage going musicians many realize only the sales their music. minority players are taking majority the returns: distributors and publishers are enjoying excessive and long-lasting returns for carrying out what many cases one-time, unsophisticated task; they almost always realize more profit than musicians themselves. outstanding issues piracy: rampant copyright issues remain unresolved. digital piracy chronic issue the music industry. our conscience may not stake, but musicians are financially harmed their miniscule returns from their creations shrink even further result piracy. listeners' very limited roles: the majority fans and listeners are pigeonholed 'consumers' they not and cannot take any steps forward get involved the creative process musical product. this another reason why labels, distributors, and platforms have been able continue exploit excessive returns. solutions firmly believe that the solution lies the establishment self-sustaining, symbiotic music community order move the current power structure towards decentralization. will create new digital music ecosystem that can autonomously achieve repeated cycles production and distribution, and allow for the consumption musical creations, well reform the digital music industry's income distribution hierarchy. fortunately, muzika not starting from scratch. this ecosystem built the backs our existing two million active users across nations, who passionately exchange their own musical ideas, share performances, compose beautiful original pieces, compete good faith, and trade various digital forms music. through years experience, have learned the precise way which build community run loyal and incentivized individuals. overview the muzika ecosystem: what muzika will philosophy and mission muzika abstract >market summary >issues muzika team muzika create self-sustaining, righteous digital music ecosystem that will provide much needed update the framework today's digital music industry (a) decentralizing distribution power and (b) eliminating economic inequalities widespread the industry promise future where economic compensation for musical creation directly proportional the efforts and interests contributed those involved the creative process. provide fans and listeners with opportunities expand their roles multiple stages musical product's lifecycle. reformation the distribution structure the muzika ecosystem disclaimer artists blockchain platforms distributors publishers artists lost ecosystem the muzika ecosystem will perform roles currently undertaken all existing intermediaries (distributors, publishers, and platforms) and actualize fair distribution structure where artists can righteously compensated for their musical creations. moreover, the muzika ecosystem will enable fans, consumers, expand into all stages creation's lifecycle ranging from sponsorship, production, consumption. overview the muzika ecosystem: the symbiotic community snapshot the muzika ecosystem, self-sustaining and symbiotic music community abstract total music platform >market summary >issues muzika team muzika disclaimer community-based auditions* tge exchanges loyalty points (mining) community members* contribution interaction interaction management roles rewards sponsor-only products, services, and opportunities community members* sponsorship regular subscription patron agreement muzika community automatic accounting performance reports artists blockchain muzika community community building, managing and operating distribution returns outside streaming services voting power loyalty level, absolutely scaled from based the activities rewarded with loyalty points. renewed every month. number sponsorships the member has participated genre index. note: the amount mzk holdings does not affect member's voting power: mzk remains utility token all aspects the community management. voting power determined the contribution level terms community activities and participation. community members include fans, listeners, and artists. within the ecosystem they can invest either artists the muzika community through the vehicle the muzika coin community-based audition contest where obscure artists can participate candidates become eligible for funding, and listeners can cast votes ii. the muzika coin: what what the muzika coin? the muzika coin ("mzk") was deliberately designed help the achievement our mission create abstract >market summary >issues muzika team muzika disclaimer new, sustainable ecosystem multitude ways. our team drew inspiration from the steemit community, which has been able successfully substantialize the mission outlined their whitepaper. steemit's community building model, along with our own proven model building vibrant music community million users, are some the foundations our ecosystem. major functions mzk mzk will the sole medium exchange for all economic activity within the muzika ecosystem, acting the medium for community building, sponsorship, purchasing commercial items, and community programs aside from few free services targeted community novices. community building: order truly self-sustaining, the muzika ecosystem will contain all the necessary functions and activities. these range from creative brainstorming, exchange feedback, and more. means transaction for commercial items and services: streaming services, sheet music marketplace, musical instruments, recording services and much more will all available through muzika. sponsorships opportunities: users may sponsor artists and become their patrons various ways including regular subscriptions. patrons, users can enjoy exclusive sponsor-only products, services, and opportunities involved the creative process musical product. community programs: community programs and events such auditions, contests, live-streaming events, and other such activities driven member involvement will focal point muzika. ii. the muzika coin: how obtained how mzk obtained participation ico and purchases via cryptocurrency exchanges will the primary avenues obtain abstract >market summary >issues mzk. however, acknowledge that many our community members, especially teenagers, may not have adequate legal authority the appropriate financial position make use these primary sources. true decentralization power the music industry cannot achieved without the participation millions, not billions, teenage fans and artists around the world. thus, have decided provide them with opportunities 'mine' mzk through active, loyal participation the community. muzika team muzika sources obtain mzk disclaimer participating the ico cryptocurrency exchanges loyalty point (mining) sole medium exchanges for all economic activity within the muzika ecosystem ii. the muzika coin: loyalty point details the loyalty point suggested before, our pre-existing community two million active users has successfully implemented abstract >market summary >issues muzika team muzika disclaimer loyalty program over extended period. program similar nature will applied within the muzika community. key items loyalty points* attendance checks points uploading digital files (mp, wav, sheet music, etc.) points every month, loyal participants video upload points with enough credits will comments (points vary*) points given chance convert their upvotes (points vary*) points reporting illegal inappropriate posts points reporting copyright infringement points downloading open source music file points (depending the price mzk streaming open source music file points crypto exchanges). nth violation the community rules points conversion ratio and date loyalty points into mzk. the conversion ratio will calculated and announced three days prior the exchange date *loyalty points: the given points the table are example: real practice, the points will relative value relative terms its exchange rate mzk, each action's fluctuating influence within the ecosystem, etc. rather than absolute number points vary from points for comments, depending the influence the commenter points vary from points for upvotes, depending the influence the voter ii. the muzika coin: loyalty point details the loyalty point instead running nodes and creating blocks rewarded many blockchain protocols, community abstract >market summary >issues muzika users can rewarded contributing their time, knowledge, and labor invigorate the muzika ecosystem. loyalty point(lp) temporary, non-tradable, and non-monetary account that certifies such contribution the community. instead directly distributing mzks, will provide lps community members and regularly convert lps into mzks. team muzika disclaimer earn points convert mzk two primary reasons behind the loyalty point system first, cumulative loyalty points will enhance member's voting power within the community. members' influence and voting power are decided the amount time, knowledge, and labor contributed the community, but not the amount mzks they have purchased through exchanges. this enables mzk strictly remain utility token. mzk holdings itself will not affect member's voting power. ii. the muzika coin: loyalty point abstract >market summary >issues muzika team muzika disclaimer points points turns lps into mzk mzk left even after the conversion, total lps will the basis for voting power second, each member's relative contribution the community cannot measured instantly and the moment. every member shall have the right make contributions within set period time, that their work can evaluated cumulatively and converted mzks. loyalty points will accumulated for three months. those that are exchanged for mzk will not deducted from the accumulated score. for example, when member turns into mzk, his wallet will carry lps, but lps will still the basis for his voting power. accordingly, voting power will adjusted every three months. ii. the muzika coin: details the conversion ratio how the conversion ratio will determined lps will measured rate usd. expect the initial usd ratio approximately abstract the ratio subject change based monthly review within the community. >market summary >issues muzika usd will exchanged into mzk with regards the usd ratio. for example, valued usd team muzika and mzk presenting trading usd the market, then ,lp will convertible into mzk. disclaimer order prevent price manipulation, the fifteen day average the mzk will used calculate the mzk usd ratio for mzk conversion. prevent community and market disturbance, mzk converted from will distributed three working days after the conversion date. mzk ratio for conversion may adjusted depending the proportion converted mzks total circulating mzks the community, excluding those held treasury the community deposit for builders. way example, with every additional proportion, the conversion rate can adjusted percent. the previous example converted mzk accounts for the total circulating supply mzk, (%) lp, which lps, will required for conversion. ii. the muzika coin: purchasing commercial items commercial items all transactions commercial items will made with mzk. commercial items include: abstract >market summary >issues muzika team muzika music streaming service digital music file downloading service producing equipment rental services recording services and all other products and services for consumption and production music muzika player, built-in streaming service the muzika ecosystem disclaimer 'muzika player', built-in streaming service similar spotify and pandora, will operated within the muzika ecosystem. songs and albums registered the muzika blockchain will available both for streaming and downloads the muzika player. other words, community members will longer need look for outside platforms stream their music. this will ensure muzika's role comprehensive platform for seamless production, distribution, and consumption music. iii. the virtuous cycle the ecosystem: sponsorship opportunities how artists and fans interact with each other within the new ecosystem, musicians are accompanied fans, listeners, and fellow artists beginning with abstract >market summary >issues muzika team muzika the initial stage musical creation. first, artists share their demo tapes and/or video clips, new compositional ideas with the community members. next, fundraising gets started when their posts receive enough votes and pass number copyright deliberation processes. community members will sponsor and provide mzk their chosen artists and become their patrons, facilitated the muzika blockchain. muzika will act non-profit, commission-free platform among artists and fans. muzika will have involvement any sponsorship arrangements between artists and fans. disclaimer songwriting and sharing acquire necessary number votes eligible for fundraising community members sponsorship funding and creation release artists exclusive products, service, and opportunities iii. the virtuous cycle the ecosystem: blockchain technology functionality muzika's blockchain technology the muzika ecosystem the end creation process, the community will enter song and album data into blockchain account. the abstract >market summary >issues account will hold all copyright information including the artist's digital signature, and get attached the blockchain entry provide verification the intellectual property rights. necessary, would like benchmark the intellectual property protection mechanism designed copytrack, building upon their copyright protection technologies better fit music copyright. every digital utilization given song that generates revenue, including streaming for individual and muzika commercial uses, downloading, and sharing will automatically recorded the blockchain-registered team muzika regular accounting reports the community members. account. every month and quarter, the musician's financial performance will published the form disclaimer artists income music registration copyright protection muzika community blockchain automatic accounting reports muzika community outside streaming services the community-owned blockchain will also function distribution center. thus, under the umbrella the muzika ecosystem, control distribution not centralized few capital giants with guaranteed economic rents, but instead decentralized among the participating individuals. songs, albums, and other byproducts will distributed the community and outside streaming platforms. payments compensation for downloads streaming services will available mzk. iii. the virtuous cycle the ecosystem: repeating itself the virtuous cycle that gives birth muzika's symbiotic ecosystem the virtuous cycle repeats itself. economic gains will distributed balanced way; proportionally abstract >market summary >issues the level devotion and contribution put forth artists and community members. artists will fully credited for their creations and performances, except for small portion that designated for funding the continuous development the underlying blockchain technology and self-sustained proliferation the community. fans and listeners who became patrons their favorite artists will rewarded with sponsorexclusive products, services, and numerous opportunities involved the creation process music. muzika team muzika disclaimer iii. the virtuous cycle the ecosystem: other benefits community members may decide provide additional benefits for active sponsors abstract >market summary >issues muzika enhance community sustainability, community members may devise incentive mechanisms promote continued sponsorship participation. example, members may reach consensus provide communitywide discounts additional patron agreements 'for nth participation fundraising, fans will given the option become patrons n)% the original amount, being the maximum allowed. the difference the amount members sponsor and the amount artists receive may provided the community subsidy, ensuring that artists continue receive consistent funding mzk for the development their creations.' team muzika original price n)% disclaimer community members becoming sponsors with discounts. the discount rate depends the member's prior instances fundraising participation via investment (n) the same context, community members may decide incentivize artists become sponsors themselves 'artists who have successfully gone through more than one production cycle will eligible sponsors, patrons artists themselves, with opportunities make sponsorships discounted prices.' after going through one cycle artists eligible sponsor artists with discounts iv. community management and governance: interactions interactions among community members decentralization power does not necessitate that abstract everyone, regardless their contribution and effort levels, should possess equal influence over community >market summary decision-making. believe that community discussion discussion member's voice should directly related his her >issues muzika team muzika voting power distribution method and management community members idea exchange interaction interaction level devotion. voting power, which will used for community members making recommendations with respect posts and community-based audition programs, will calculated the following equation: disclaimer voting power voting community-based auditions song postings voting loyalty level, absolutely scaled from based the activities rewarded with loyalty points. renewed every month. number fundraisings the member has participated genre index. every member can choose three top genres.(g=., g=., g=, and for other genres will given ..) the mzk holdings itself will not affect the voting power, mentioned previously. this enables mzk strictly remain utility token. technology update (.) smart contract for now, the team has developed smart contract for sheet music and sound source transaction with mzk abstract take grasp how long will take implement all the services the blockchain. >market summary built program based electron and angular (both for windows and mac) where artists can login with >issues information provided the artists. muzika have also built logic where users can login muzika website using metamask (ethereal wallet chrome team muzika but source code for key logics open public github. disclaimer their ethereum wallets and upload their sheet music/sound sources. the program creates smart contract with extension) and purchase digital music products from artists smart contracts. are working the ui/ux, this process, noticed that there exists clear limitation using ethereum terms gas consumption and tps. believe that comprehensive smart contract platforms like ethereum will reach physical limits, because maintaining the network will get harder and harder blocks continue stack would inadequate put smart contracts for all the industries into one blockchain platform. technology update (.) why smart contract? why blockchain? often get question that any well-established blockchain projects must ready answer "are abstract >market summary blockchain and smart contract must-have for your project?" here suggest one example why the technology essential for the muzika ecosystem. community members receive loyalty points(lps) compensation for their activities and contribution the >issues muzika platform, and lps are regularly converted into mzks. muzika thus need build logic change users' lps mzks. smart contract effective means ensure team muzika blockchain network, including records community activities (contribution) for compensation. this will transparent and systematic conversion. for its implementation, need handle both and mzk same ensure transparency and prevent any possibilities manipulation. disclaimer when transaction occurs the muzika platform, will take portion mzks service fee for community maintenance including mzk conversion. will build logic that can automate periodic distribution the collected mzks users based their holdings. not use blockchain for this process, need utilize the database aws cloud server our mzk token wallet manage mzks (those collected service fee) and lps. however, this poses the following two problems: technology update (.) why smart contract? why blockchain? holdings manipulation: our database hacked abused internal developer, information abstract >market summary >issues muzika team muzika holdings can manipulated. such possibility may lead distrust among community members overall management lps and mzks. lack transparency the distribution logic service fee collected the developer's wallet, distribution logic operated solely the developer's computer. this case, even the logic itself open the public, there guarantee that the logic actually runs coded. not have worry about these problems use smart contract. can store mzks (collected service fees) the smart contract, build mzk distribution logic, and periodically send out mzks users based their quantities. disclaimer public chain and private chain however, not all the information can managed the public chain. for example, when artists upload their music sheet sound source files the muzika platform, those files are encoded and stored ipfs (public decentralized storage). when listeners purchase those items, secret keys are given the buyers smart contract. this case, cannot manage those secret keys the public blockchain, because will make 'secret keys' public. thus our blockchain will consortium chain where both private and public blockchains are utilized. most the information will managed publicly with smart contracts, except for encoded files (uploaded ipfs) and secret keys (managed private blockchain). may designate few authorized nodes for operation the private blockchain. vi. scalability: music beyond application protocol our philosophy, technology, and principles can applied all different 'digitalized' forms creative works. abstract >market summary this includes films, videos, images, photographs, works literature, cartoons, etc.. can either build additional ecosystems ourselves, collaborate with other existing ecosystems that recognize the importance decentralization and the existence self-sustaining creative cycle for the various art forms. >issues muzika team muzika disclaimer beyond music expanding into other industries where excessive numbers intermediaries and centralization control generates issues and distorts systems the long run, see the future where each industry sector has its own blockchain. the future, based years experience running the muzika ecosystem, our team may achieve scalability becoming protocol blockchain specialized for community-based application the digitalized forms creative works. each industry requires different characteristics for protocols, and will learn from the muzika ecosystem about the most relevant and important features protocol for community-based projects. this case, mzk will also evolve into token for protocol smart contracts and become the basis numerous utility tokens. this will allow bring about paradigm shift the digital creative industry, resolving imbalances and centralization powers whole. team muzika table contents the team behind muzika ii. head start the digital music hub iii. about the team iv. our advisors roadmap the team behind muzika: mapiacompany brief history mapiacompany founders mapiacompany are some the youngest founders korean startup history attract sizable abstract >market summary >issues >muzika funding from venture capital with the ceo being and founders' average age especially affiliation with the two tech giants korea, naver and kakao. after receiving angel funding from michael cho, outside board director kakao corporation mapiacompany has raised seed funding from naveraffiliated venture capital springcamp mapiacompany also the recipient the tips program (tech incubator program for startup), korean government fund supporting startups with technological superiority and specialty. the founders are ceo chung, former pianist and high school dropout who founded his own company, cto team muzika heo, prodigy developer, deep-learning expert, and leader top-notch tech team, and coo lee, disclaimer prestigious high school and the top-ranked university the nation and has founded multiple organizations professional pianist and business administration major who was the top graduate both the most and startups. they are among the youngest the blockchain industry nationally and internationally with average age line with that vitalik buterin, now when founded ethereum the age october may may december founded inseo chung, sangmin heo, jangwon lee angel investment seed funding from springcamp, affiliates naver mapiacompany's music platforms reach million users across nations michael cho, outside board director kakao the team behind muzika: mapiacompany's today and future mapiacomapny glance abstract >market summary >issues >muzika team muzika disclaimer global online music platform million users over countries from muzika's genesis throughout its global evolution, our vision becoming the game changer crooked industry remains eternal. our next monumental step change everything from how music invested and produced how music shared and consumed and bring the entire music industry the next paradigm. have global head-start users and musicians from nations and our experienced team global music/technology prodigies and gurus speak for themselves. through fully functioning dynamism and self-reliant ecosystem that muzika, will shake the fundamentals every existing agent the music industry, and usurp the thrones the billion-dollar moguls. ii. head start the digital music hub percentage streaming music subscribers nation abstract percentage digital music listeners >market summary >issues >muzika team muzika our tech team blessed based south korea, powerhouse equipped with the leading edge disclaimer more importantly, the korean music industry has increasingly embraced paid streaming services the go-to digital technology. the korean music market the largest the world revenue. mode music content delivery compared all other nations. according the ifpi, internet users korea had active subscription paid music streaming service the end the highest proportion among the countries surveyed, surpassing the u.s. and japan. according the korea creative content agency (kcca), the country has popular streaming providers such melon music, naver music, and bugs music, showing domestic digital-to-physical music listening ratio starting korea, which has great upside potential the music industry thanks the popularity k-pop and streaming services, have seized this advantageous position, placing the starting point massive leap forward for the global music industry. source: ifpi, kcca iii. about the team: the founders inseo chung chief executive officer and co-founder abstract >market summary >issues >muzika team muzika disclaimer once aspiring pianist and place winner the national student music competition, inseo chung changed his course life when found his zeal more towards business. after dropping out high school, decided against going college, and instead went become entrepreneur, building e-commerce startup and prominent social media marketing agency. mapiacompany his third venture and epitome his experience both young but seasoned entrepreneur and once-aspirant musician. came across the blockchain and studied various aspects its business applications since, while directly taking part the industry one the earlier miners ethereum. sangmin heo chief technical officer and co-founder prodigy programmer and developer who built his web game and earned small fortune the age winner multiple awards including the korean olympiad informatics(nd), korea intel science engineering fair(st). national candidate for intel science fair international competition software division. academically recognized researcher the hclt esteemed research paper for research deep learning and natural language processing. the sole developer and owner the famous korean college-based social media 'the bamboo network'. young expert both deep learning and blockchain, the mind and the leader the top-notch tech team eight. alumni hanyang university, computer science major. jangwon lee chief operating officer and co-founder the top graduate the most prestigious high school and university the nation, daewon foreign language high school and seoul national university(business administration major), and winner multiple awards spanning diverse areas academia from language studies economics and business administration art management. besides his illustrious educational background, also fluent speaker english, chinese, and korean, professional pianist, and experienced leader business development. founded piano group the serendipity, professional piano group well-known korea for piano duets, co-founded youthglobe korea, the korean division the international ngo youthglobe which aims enhance educational conditions burundi, co-founded shadal inc., the largest collegebased food delivery mobile application korea, and co-founded mapiacompany all during his college years. has built substantial key network across some the most brilliant young minds blockchain, technology and the finance industry. oversees mapiacompany's financials, business operation, relations, and global strategy. iii. about the team: the lead abstract >market summary >issues >muzika team muzika jihyun kim lead blockchain developer graduate gyeonggi science high school for the gifted and majoring computer science seoul national university, jihyun full-stack prodigy developer with expertise systemic programming, foss(free and open source software), rust compiler, parallel computing, gpgpu programming, and many more areas his vast spectrum github projects, both blockchain-related and otherwise. also top-tier expert dev-ops and server administration, and has experience handling server environments daily active users and concurrent users. strong advocate the blockchain technology for its capacity transform the world and for its technological 'fun'. disclaimer jungwoo lee lead blockchain architect the top graduate korean minjok leadership academy, jungwoo enthusiastic investor and researcher with strong background finance and accounting. finishing the last semester his undergraduate studies seoul national university, majoring business administration and technology management. his expertise ranges from investment, ngos, international relations. served youth representative republic korea russia summit saint petersberg, and co-founded youthglobe korea, the korean division the international ngo youthglobe. now works the vice president seoul national university value investing club (snuvalue). expanding his knowledge technologies with double major engineering and relevant experiences, including the factory improvement project kia motors slovakia and development project for smart air purifier. iii. about the team disclaimer abstract market summary yeji chung head music management seongheon cho head compliance jaechan ahn seungwon kang senior software developer senior software developer sukyung head global business head global issues muzika team muzika chaehong jeong senior blockchain developer minkyung lee brand designer hyunju hwang kyunghee chang developer developer william iv. our advisors the advisors span diverse and relevant areas expertise: from blockchain industry, legal compliance opyright laws, business development finance, and music management. our advisors have the experience disclaimer abstract market summary and resources provide with the leverage make impact not just from outside but from inside out. they also provide with the seasoned insight and expertise regarding diverse compliance issues that allow work with legal guidance and credibility. the list growing find more relevant experts the right qualities help our revolutionary journey. other advisors and partners can seen official website: muzika.network. issues muzika team muzika minsik michael cho advisor, business development inkyu choi advisor, finance and copyright law joonkee hong advisor, finance jinsoo park advisor, music management yoonwoo lee senior advisor myunsik cho advisor, copyright law iv. our advisors: profiles minsik michael cho disclaimer joonkee hong advisor, business development abstract outside board director, kakao corp. (korea's telegram) market summary certified public accountant (ex) senior partner, kpmg korea business administration, seoul national university issues advisor, finance outside board director, kakaobank (ex) head, ubs korea (ex) asia head global finance (capital markets), nomura international (ex) asia head global finance (capital markets), lehman brothers (ex) member macro-economic supervisory forum financial supervisory service management, sloan school management, mit and chemical engineering, mit muzika inkyu choi team muzika jinsoo park advisor, finance and copyright law representative managing partner, springcamp, naver venture capital (ex) team leader, seoul techno holdings (ex) partner patent attorney, maps intellectual property law firm (ex) software engineer, empas search engine certified patent attorney computer science, seoul national university myunsik cho advisor, copyright law advisor, music management cfo, huayibrothers entertainment (ex) director and cfo, investment (ex) senior associate, samil pricewaterhousecoopers certified public accountant certified financial analyst business administration and economics, yonsei university yoonwoo lee senior advisor representative lawyer, dongnyuk llc (ex) chief executive officer and vice chairman samsung electronics top legal specialist music, entertainment, film, and copyright law (ex) legal advisor korean film producers' association (ex) legal representative jyp entertainment, star empire, jellyfish entertainment, young baek, among other numerous musicians, actors, and celebrities psychology, seoul national university roadmap abstract >market summary >issues >muzika february january tokenomics structure design completed february project conceptualized team muzika phase service launch consumption-oriented services april phase service launch official global launch the full version muzika ecosystem april platform testing begins login protocol ipfs tech. application disclaimer july commencement platform modeling june platform testing completed realtime encoding/decoding testnet operation february phase service launch production-oriented services september december testnet prototype launch mainnet prototype launch integration mzk transaction system the existing platforms reshaping the global music industry