mvl token economy related business model this mvl token economy related business model states the current views mvl foundation pte. ltd. the mvl platform and related issues. mvl foundation pte. ltd. will revise this paper, necessary, without notice. the information here indicative only and not legally binding mvl foundation pte. ltd. any other parties. this paper aims provide information. does not constitute, not intended offer sale, solicit offer recommend purchase mvl coins token, invest the mvl platform any project, property, shares other securities mvl foundation pte. ltd. any affiliated associated company any jurisdiction. see the legal disclaimers the end this paper. version september mvl team mvlchain.io mvl token economy related business model mvl team table contents introduction body strategy mvl team's project analysis and improvement existing mobility services various social problems due increased number vehicles mvl team's improvement plans for mobility services the emergence mobility services and changes car industry improving social value mobility service through participants' voluntary behavior mobility platform share value with users ii. mvl mobility ecosystem and token economy mvl mobility ecosystem mvl incentive protocol implementation ... mobility service drivers and riders participating the mvl ecosystem ... mobility companies participating the mvl ecosystem mvl app mvl pool increase the value the ecosystem increase the value the ecosystem based the implementation the mvl protocol issues the existing token economy and mvl team's differentiation strategy ways maintain the value the mvl point via mobility services ways maintain the value the mvl coin inside the ecosystem via mvl app inside and outside the mvl ecosystem iii. tada economy with mvl incentive protocol overview allocating data value estimating data value mvl point logic design mvl mileage points (mmp) point maintenance plan ..mvl behavior point (mbp) prosocial behavior points (pbp) mvl levels antisocial behavior points (abp) mvl token economy related business model mvl team table contents iv. mvl team's growth plan conclusion how data recorded (blockchain-based) future plans mvl app launch and expansion plan business model roadmap legal issues appendix mvl token economy related business model mvl team introduction mentioned the previous white paper, mvl's main services can broken down into mobility services and car services.. mobility services are services related driving such uber, kakao taxi etc. and car services are services related non-driving life cycle such mechanic service, used car dealer, and insurance. order connect them single ecosystem, mvl team plans proceed with the following strategies. strategy mvl team's project mvl team will first apply blockchain based incentive systems existing mobility services. because the mvl protocol can effectively implemented mobility service platform which accessible many people short period time. the mvl protocol refers the whole communication protocol that can combine mvl blockchain system and token economy already existing mobility and car related services. includes all forms techniques that can implement and apply mvl protocol such sdk and api. the mvl ecosystem with the mvl protocol allows users receive incentives return for data sharing and use mvl coin means payment for mobility and other affiliated services. our team plans implement the mvl protocol mobility services such tada which our team operates our own singapore and also existing mobility services affiliated companies later the future. such large number users starts utilize the mvl protocol, our team plans incorporate various business models where the mvl coin can used. the reason for implementing the mvl protocol mobility services first because the project will take too long start with car management business with devices such obd. obd difficult supply many people short period time. this paper mainly describes the token economy where the mvl protocol implemented mobility services and illustrates the tada economy where the mvl protocol implemented tada for example. mvl token economy related business model mvl team body analysis and improvement existing mobility services various social problems due increased number vehicles since the introduction benz patent motorwagen invented karl friedrich benz automobiles have become necessity. predicted that the number cars the world will surpass billion before and will increase billion this equivalent ratio people owns car the world. due rapid increase the number cars, major cities the world are suffering from traffic congestion. not only social cost but also fuel consumption, environmental pollution, and car accidents are becoming serious problems due extreme congestion. order solve these social problems, the governments each country are making various efforts. however, reality they have substantial effect compared the fact that the enormous expenses such the construction new roads are put into use. the emergence mobility services and changes car industry because needs more convenient services and solutions solve congestion issues, are experiencing shift paradigm from ownership cars sharing rides. these types sharing economy services are based mobile application that allows people get arrangement for sharing car rides both drivers and riders. over the past few years, the growth such ride hailing mobility apps has been explosive. uber, leader company ride hailing service, has already surpassed trillion won enterprise value, and major chinese ride hailing company, didi chuxing, has achieved million calls day. therefore, the major car companies are also investing the mobility service business. since daimler has started car sharing service major cities north america and europe, using twoseater vehicle, 'smartfortwo', and has surpassed about million members. bmw established drivenow with sixt and volkswagen and audi have also started similar services. mvl token economy related business model mvl team car company investment company investment year content chevrolet vehicles for $/hour service michigan smartphone-based platform volkswagen golf vehicles hannover, germany members joined now greenwheels cofounded bmw and sixt (rental car company) approximately fleets europe and north america smart fortwo vehicles members joined cities europe and north america service france and spain all car sharing apps combined one app multimodal transported based platform source: companies' websites, media news, and lgeri data although mobility services with ict technologies such smartphones are rapidly expanding, the problems the existing ecosystem still not resolved. even though, issues with user experiences waiting for taxi the street have been resolved using smartphone calls, but issues such traffic congestion, speeding, unkindness are still not resolved. furthermore, new problems arise the mobility service industry matured. there are complaints from the customers related abuse market power such excessive brokerage fee and monopolized value data. since becomes difficult objectively evaluate the quality big data from mobility services, market prices are tend formed according the monopoly giant platform companies. therefore, for buyers who have alternative, they have purchase data high cost. the profit from the data only belongs the company and not distributed individuals who have provided their mobility data. these new issues arise, there are movement against monopoly. some countries, the services have become illegal. also pointed out that mobility services based monopoly platforms are only new forms brokerage and are still far from sharing economy which supposed share added value with participants their ecosystems. mvl token economy related business model mvl team mvl team's improvement plans for mobility services the problems that have not yet been solved newly emerged the mobility service are like the following. traffic congestion, car accidents, and increase environmental problems(lead increase social costs) excessive fees due the advent proprietary platforms and monopoly data value our team seeks lead the change mobility ecosystem paradigm combining blockchain technology and token economy together. transportation issues ideal mobility environment traffic congestion provide incentives accident for prosocial behavior environmental issues mobility platform that shares value with participants monopoly platform issues excessive commission fee give points for data sharing exclusive data value improving social value mobility service through participants' voluntary behavior our team plans encourage participants voluntarily change their behavior. seek the way move from the 'user equilibrium(ue)' which seeks the mobility ecosystem that only looks one's own interest the system optimum(so)' which pursues the benefits the mobility ecosystem whole. user equilibrium means optimizing individuals' selfish utility value. for example, driver tries maximize the mobility value speeding destination. system optimum ideal traffic condition for everyone drive safely. all drivers pursue user optimization, all drivers are likely overspeed and cause traffic congestion and car accident, which will take life the worst case scenario. this will lower the mobility value most the drivers. result, all drivers must drive defined speed limit optimize the mobility system whole. mvl token economy related business model mvl team (as you can see the figure, the marginal cost system optimum higher than the average cost user optimization. means that additional costs are needed make the traffic conditions from user optimization system optimum.) trip costs marginal cost demand system optimum average cost user equilibrium congestion externality traffic volume culceo: david levinson() therefore, traffic experts and policy scholars have been considered about strategies maximize system optimum while reducing user optimization. for now, negative approach used such setting speed bumps charging speeding fines force drivers drive system optimum manner. however, our team plans encourage drivers stop speeding and act system optimum manner with positive approach such incentivizing drivers prosocial manner. the government tried resolve the social problems such traffic congestion, excessive fuel consumption, and environmental pollution through regulation and policies. however, our team plans solve those problems through the mvl incentive ecosystem which encourages prosocial behavior. mvl token economy related business model mvl team mobility platform share value with users when look traditional industrial companies such manufacturing and agriculture companies, the distinction between capitalist, producer, and user very clear. producer works factory, participates the production, and receives wage for the value his labor, while user pays for the product. producer produce provide product pay wage pay for product company product user however, the case rapidly growing mobility platform companies, the roles producer and user coincide. for this reason, the companies should give service users(data producers) share the profits, however, the profit only belongs the companies for now. many people use mobility services based smartphone applications for navigation, car sharing service, taxi service, map service, etc. mobility apps get more popular, the values the companies like uber, grab, and kakao rise. however, the value platform company increased due structure which platform company takes all data collected from users. since data collected when users use the service, not only platform company but also contribution users important for business grow. for example, the case navigation, user the service plays role producer the same time providing data travelling. company pay for data provide service provide data collected from user pay for service and provide data company service user therefore, our team plans share the value data which has been monopolized mobility service platform companies. mvl token economy related business model mvl team our team has defined producer mobility platform business developer who makes and provides service, business operator who runs service, and platform user who generates data. every producer needs compensated for providing data. the mvl ecosystem, each individual who generates data producer, consumer, and capitalist the same time. vice ser vid pro pay for data company ecosystem participants rvic use shar pro fit provide data collected service user prov ide ata producer ii. mvl mobility ecosystem and token economy mvl mobility ecosystem described mvl white paper, mvl mobility ecosystem where many different mobility services using the mvl protocol are linked each other, all kinds participants such individual drivers, ride hailing drivers, and passengers get the mvl point, and participants with high level get various benefits everyday life and are able exchange the mvl point the mvl coin. participants can join mvl mobility ecosystem through the mvl app. participants are able check their balance their mvl point and mvl coin the mvl app. they can pay with the mvl coin use various mobility services where the mvl protocols are implemented and purchase goods from the marketplaces. mvl token economy related business model mvl team expected that millions participants will join our ecosystem when users from tada, ride hailing service singapore, and users from other global mobility companies affiliated with our team start use the mvl app. the idea that when participants are able exchange their mvl point mvl coin and able use the mvl coin many different places, all users from each mobility service will gather the mvl app and create various values. this similar vip rewards system credit card companies. the difference that the mvl point system can customized for each mobility service. mvl point system unique way that based blockchain technology which can give points according level contribution our ecosystem not the amount money they spend. for mobility service companies, they can implement the mvl protocol their existing services improve customer satisfaction. initially, may require certain amount initial cost for companies implement the mvl protocol but the long run, will allow more customers join, activate financial transactions, and generate new revenue through various business models such advertising. addition, companies can earn some additional profit they act nodes play part the verification process and consensus algorithm when launch our mainnet. our system also has several other advantages such the facts that mvl team cannot monopolize data because coin transactions are transparent and safe from hacking becuase data stored blockchain system. also plan implement ways incentivize mvl coin holders who not participate the mvl ecosystem. order maintain coins within our ecosystem, plan give many different benefits related mobility services and have services that the mvl coin transaction available. addition, plan implement various business models linked our ecosystem for the mvl coin holders use their coins. therefore, mechanism for sound mvl coin circulation and benefit delivery needed. plan put revenue from our ecosystem the mvl pool and use for rewarding miners and exchanging points coins. will also lock some part profit and help billion mvl coins continuously circulated. below the mvl ecosystem conceptual model. other mobility companies can build various business models through the mvl app just how tada plans to. mvl token economy related business model mvl team inside the ecosystem tada app non-mobility companies mobility companies taxi company functionality ride hailing business model rental car company used car dealer mechanic shop advertising revenue coin transaction fee insurance company protocol fee mvl app functionality business model travelling data collection mining advertising revenue navigation mobility service affiliation protocol operation fee wallet(point coin) marketplace ways maintain mvl points inside the ecosystem point level various benefits according the level points deduction according the point validity period coin transaction fee ways maintain mvl coins inside the ecosystem point-to-coin exchange coin payment benefits companies holding coins seperate market for direct exchange revenue operation costs mvl pool sell purchase outside the ecosystem mvl token economy related business model mvl team mvl incentive protocol implementation our team plans implement the mvl incentive protocol tada(refer chapter iv) and expand the mvl protocol implementation around the world cooperating with other mobility companies many different countries. the way which how the mvl protocol implemented tada described this document; however, may different when the protocol customized according the needs many different mobility service companies the future. the way which the mvl protocol implemented the mobility services(tada this case) and how mobility service users and the mvl ecosystem participants interact with the mvl coin and mvl point like the following. ... mobility service drivers and riders participating the mvl ecosystem mvl protocol will firstly implemented ride hailing service. ride hailing service users are drivers and riders. drivers get points driving for long time, driving short distance, driving peak hours, and providing friendly services. riders get points using ride hailing service and writing review about drivers. points are collected, users can reach higher level the ecosystem and get various benefits accordingly. furthermore, riders will able use the mvl coin payment method and drivers will able accept the mvl coin payment method. however, since cash and card payment are being use for current mobility services, must not easy change such payment method short period time. therefore, plan make options paying only part the fee with the mvl coin and the rest with cash credit card. since the value the mvl coin may not high enough and the number coin holders may not high expected, plan introduce step step. when coin value rises and number coin holders continue increase, full payment with the mvl coin will available. since drivers can reach high level with coins and points and get various benefits through the mvl ecosystem, they will willing take the mvl coin payment method. note encourage payment with coins, our team first discussed that should start with micro- transactions such tips the driver. however, with the current situation the ethereum blockchain, the problem exists where the transaction fee too high compared the amount transferred. this scenario, will need minimize the transaction count the blockchain only having ledger our ecosystem, the transaction fee must paid our team itself. mvl token economy related business model mvl team the latter case, there high probability that payment with coins will cause the mvl ecosystem lose more than earns. therefore, are planning implement micro-transactions after establishing our own mainnet. even after establish our own mainnet, must find reasonable balance for the transaction fees microtransactions and transfers and from outside our own blockchain. therefore, are conceptualizing model where the role the master nodes and regular nodes divided, allowing different incentive models where the master nodes earn fixed ratio while the regular nodes earn user-decided commission fee creating mixed incentive model. order lower the the transaction fee, our team may act the middleman open payment gate with affiliated exchanges for coin holders buy and sell coins.(omisego and several domestic exchanges are planning act crypto payment gateways.) ... mobility companies participating the mvl ecosystem for mobility companies participating the mvl ecosystem, they can implement the mvl protocol their services and form customized incentive structures for their own benefit delivery. however, the mobility companies have pay certain amount fee implement the mvl protocol their services. this similar how mvl team(easi) provided vehicle management tool small and medium-sized rental car companies and received monthly fee the past. the basic idea that company should have certain amount mvl coins implement the mvl protocol and have pay certain portion the mvl coin the company owns fee every year. however, since expected that most the companies will pay with cash the early stage, our team plans purchase and manage coins behalf those companies. also possible for the companies purchase the mvl coin directly from the market. this case, the company can act nodes and participate staking. only the amount equivalent annual mvl protocol implementation fee will put into the mvl pool and the rest the mvl coin will locked up. the mobility companies decide stop using the mvl protocol, can either clear the lock and return them cash let them just hold investment asset. this way, the market price the mvl coin will not affected. the companies implement the mvl protocol, they can run advertisement our app. there are two types advertisement. one provide vouchers high level users, the other one put advertisement nearby services such restaurant, mechanic, and gas station based location data. mvl token economy related business model mvl team many companies have used location-based advertising models, however, they have not achieved significant results. the mvl protocol will allow companies collect drivers' travelling data and favorite places visit which will let them provide customized discount coupons drivers. the mobility company will receive some the advertising revenue and mvl team will receive the rest. this revenue will put into the mvl pool and used for purchasing the mvl coin. our team plans share commission revenue from the payment with coins within services affiliated mobility companies with the companies. our team's commission revenue will put into the mvl pool and share with ecosystem participants and the mvl coin holders. mvl pool will explained later chapter this document. (refer mvl pool) revenue from mvl protocol implementation mobility services will managed through the mvl pool and will used increase the coin value. mvl app the most important part the mvl ecosystem invite all kinds users who use various mobility services with mvl incentive protocol implemented. order gather all users together, need build the mvl app. our team plans let users exchange the mvl point the mvl coins and withdraw coins outside our ecosystem only through the mvl app. the mvl app will gigantic platform where all individual participants our ecosystem gather, many kinds business models are implemented, and great value created. the services provided the mvl app are follows. initial stage wallet middle stage navigation marketplace links affiliated mobility apps late stage mining car management mvl token economy related business model mvl team the mvl app will initially feature wallet functionality described white paper. use these features, user should create mvl app account and log in. when driver drives with the mvl app logged in, travelling data will collected the mvl team. driver will receive the mvl point for sharing data, and can check his balance the mvl wallet. furthermore, user can also check the mvl point collected from using various mobility services the mvl wallet. since the mvl app user point system and other mobility services' point systems are linked each other(same point systems since they are all part the mvl ecosystem), user can receive benefits depending the level.(for example, level driver driving with other mobility apps can start from level well with the mvl app. when driver drives with the mvl app logged in, driver's points will get deducted for having car accident reckless driving. this the same for mobility service riders.) the wallet, user can check the mvl point balance, exchange the mvl point the mvl coin, check the mvl coin balance, check level, deposit and withdraw the mvl coin, and linked exchanges. case point-to-coin exchange functionality, our team plans differentiate point-to-coin exchange rate and exchange time. this can work mechanism that encourages the mvl coin used marketplaces rather than being withdrawn exchanges. the future, the mvl app will equipped with navigation, links apps affiliated mobility companies, and marketplaces. even when driving with navigation, same point systems for other mobility services will implemented that users can receive points and placed higher level. many different affiliated mobility companies will introduced the mvl app and links those companies will implemented. this will allow affiliated mobility companies able constantly advertise their services many mvl app users. marketplaces are planned implemented well and they are expected much profitable. marketplaces will where users can sign for car insurance, use mechanic shop service, purchase auto parts, and receive vouchers for gas station and car wash. the future, marketplaces will much more diversified where users can purchase various products such food, goods, and gifts. particular, our team plans provide various ways for affiliated companies accept the mvl coin payment method. our team plans give benefits the companies such placing banner ads top the page based mvl token economy related business model mvl team the amount the mvl coin they have letting them give discounts purchase with the mvl coin. however, may difficult encourage payments with the mvl coin since the value coin volatile. therefore, the company will allowed offer price within certain range cash price(eg. -%). the company offers cheaper coin price than the cash price, can encourage payment with coins and strategically have more coins than competitors. the company wants receive cash since they already have many coins, they can offer cheaper cash price than coin price. there are few more ideas, but they will not disclosed this time. the key that users and affiliated companies can utilize the mvl coin the mvl app that coins can circulated within the mvl ecosystem rather than withdrawn outside the ecosystem. later the future when the mainnet launched, our team plans allow users mine cryptocurrency and manage vehicles the the mvl app. the reason why implementing cryptomining and vehicle managements are long term subjects follows. the case cryptomining, needs time since the token economy must tested first. verification data from the actual mobility service important because appropriate utilization ratio between point and coin must determined. also important decide the optimal commission payment model after running token economy implemented mobility services.(a commission payment model needs designed based the nature mobility service and large-scale remittance outside the ecosystem.) therefore, our team plans launch the mainnet the first half after the test period the token economy the end the reason why implementing vehicle management long-term subject that there user barrier against installation obd(on-board diagnostics). having obd installed the early stage before the mvl ecosystem properly settled can possibly lead user dissatisfaction. the past, many large companies have failed distribute obds since cars with obd are often excluded from free-of-charge repair benefits. therefore, our team plans gather many mvl service users possible and implement vehicle management with obd after token economy stabilized. when the mvl incentive protocol becomes familiar many users, plan give free-of-charge repair benefits cars with obd and give benefits within our token economy order expand obd installation. our team also plans link existing obd products the market rather than producing one order supply mvl token economy related business model mvl team obds fast pace, let them link the mvl app, and affiliate with obd companies many possible. mvl pool revenue from the mvl ecosystem such advertising revenue and commission revenue from the payment with coins will put into the mvl pool. revenue put into the mvl pool will used returned/distributed back ecosystem participants rewarding miners, exchanging points coins, and operating our ecosystem.(our team plans continuously adjust the point-to-coin exchange rate that certain level coins can maintained the mvl pool.) this will enable continuous circulation the mvl ecosystem. however, due the following considerations, our team decided add the reservation functionality the purpose the mvl pool. first, there was concern that the mvl coin holders may left out from being rewarded. since the value the ecosystem and value the coin are linked each other, possible for coin holders indirectly rewarded. however, our team have decided that there needs more direct way reward the ecosystem participants reward the miners. secondly, there was concern about circulation the mvl ecosystem due limited number coins issued which billion. since the revenue from the ecosystem may not high enough first, the mvl coin the reserve pool(%) will used line with the ecosystem growth rate. however, there may other types problems when the revenue generated, the coin circulation improved, and billion mvl coins are all the market. since the number issued mvl coin limited and not inflation coin, important have sound circulation system. solve this problem, our team has decided have reservation pool. will lock part the revenues generated from the ecosystem. similar buyback. with reservation pool, the amount the mvl coin circulation can reduced for certain period for time until the lock-up expired and stable and continuous circulation the mvl coin possible. the number issued mvl coin limited billion, all mvl coin distributed the market, and the revenue for rewarding miners and exchanging the mvl coin not continuously generated, coins will left the mvl pool. this case, point-to-coin exchange cannot achieved and the mvl ecosystem may suffer from crisis. order prevent such cases from occurring, part the revenue should locked for coins issued later the future. thus, our team will continue reserve certain amount the mvl coin from the time the revenue generated and lock-up period for certain period time. order for the mvl ecosystem maintained, not all billion mvl coins must circulated and part the revenue should locked for long period time for later the future. therefore, important for our team carefully verify the trend the coin circulation. cryptomining, coin-to-point exchange, and coin circulation from the inside the outside the ecosystem and vice versa are not stable, unlocked coins will used first. the initial ecosystem operation stable, some the mvl token economy related business model mvl team reserved coins will disposed returned the mvl coin holders bonus. other words, the revenue put into the mvl pool will used reward miners, exchange the mvl coin mvl point, and operate our ecosystem, and reserved(%) the ecosystem fund. certain amount the mvl coin will locked every month for certain period. part the mvl coins will unlocked and disposed will used operate our ecosystem many ways such rewarding miners. our team plans open monthly revenue the public from the time the revenue generated and open the wallet addresses the public from the time the token economy implemented. share profits within ecosystem revenue advertising sales reward for mining commissions protocol operation fee reserve pool pool coin point exchange ecosystem operation cost lock reserved increase the value the ecosystem increase the value the ecosystem based the implementation the mvl protocol the mvl ecosystem deliver various benefits mobility and car service users and gather all users together the mvl app. the purpose connect many different mobility services one with the mvl protocol and gather 'ecosystem participants who utilize the mvl coin' and 'the mvl coin holders' together and share the revenue and the value the company. the more services implement the mvl protocol and the more participants join our ecosystem, the more revenue generated and the value the ecosystem rises. this similar the value creation strategy existing platform companies. general, the value the service rises proportionally the number users. the other hand, the value the platform companies rises exponentially proportion the number users. this means that the efficiency the company maximized according the number users compared that the non-platform companies. mvl token economy related business model service total mvl team general companies platform companies the following presented kcern(korea creative economy research network) explain the value the platform. the value the platform determined the platform size, emergence, and the third party participation. the platform size related the number the mvl ecosystem participants. emergence from the theory self-organization which ant has ability build house but group ants has one. party expansion party long tail additional services reed's law platform metcalfe's law sarnoff's law the emergence platform size platform (participnats) source: kcern, 'shared and connected, platform ecosystem and foundation' presentation document(..) e.g.) assume that plane the kakaotalk messenger platform and axis(rd party expansion) the emoticon business. platform company(kakaotalk messenger) shows exponential growth with new valueadded business(emoticon business) issues the existing token economy and mvl team's differentiation strategy blockchain based token economy refers system where tokens can exchanged within ecosystem. established reward the ecosystem participants for prosocial behavior, exchange incentive points tokens, and exchange tokens other valuables. the value the token can grow proportion the growth the ecosystem. order create such structure, sufficient benefits(point incentives) need delivered, exchange ratio from points coins needs logical, and the inside and the outside the ecosystem needs balanced. mvl token economy related business model mvl team the case our token economy, token itself has monetary value and the price will set the market. other words, tokens will gain the value convertibility and liquidity depending how much participants are active the ecosystem. accordingly, the participants can hold, purchase, and use tokens. however, the problems with the most the blockchain based token economies are follows. due irrational token-to-cash exchange rate, the ecosystem participants not mind they receive tokens not. due nontransparent issuance/supply/record the token, the participants are not able know how many tokens they have received. due inconsistent rate token-to-cash exchange, token economy not fair. due uncertainty about the growth the ecosystem, the participants only sell the tokens. *note: https://blockinpress.com/archives/ the biggest problem from the above that the participants are indiscriminately selling coins the outside the ecosystem not using them for affiliated services. result, the value falls compared the growth rate the ecosystem and has become difficult ensure the sustainability the ecosystem whole. like the diagrams below, the value the points falls, the number users who want earn points decreases and the value the coins eventually falls. our team was concerned about the possibilities that the participants indiscriminately exchange points coins and sell coins because the number coins for sale increases, the value coin will fall and the mvl ecosystem will collapse. mvl token economy related business model mvl team get points point value falls exchange points coins coin cannot inside the ecosystem exchange points coins indiscriminately exchange points coins indiscriminately sell coins coin purchase sell coins coin value falls order prevent the problems from occurring, our team has decided introduce various devices throughout the ecosystem. devised the ways maintain the mvl point inside the ecosystem, the ways maintain the mvl coin inside the ecosystem, and the ways balance inside and outside the ecosystem. these ways designed for sustainability the ecosystem are described follows. get points ecosystem value rises purchase coins from exchanges coin value rises exchange appropriate level points coins encourage hold points via 'ways maintain mvl points inside the ecosystem' coin cash exchange encourage hold coins via 'ways maintain mvl points inside the ecosystem' encourage payment with coins inside the app discourage coin cash exchange via 'ways balance inside and outside the ecosystem' mvl token economy related business model mvl team ways maintain the value the mvl point via mobility services when the users use the mobility service with the mvl protocol implemented, users will receive the mvl point(exchangeable the mvl coin) and are able use the mvl coin the payment method. the problems with many other existing projects with token economies based point and coin utilization are that the service users indiscriminately exchange points coins and sell these coins the market. such case, the value the token falls and the number users decreases. the value token will never get recovered even after the number service users increases. prevent these problems from occurring, the value the point itself must increased. other words, earning the points should not only the way earn coins but the way receive everyday life benefits. therefore, our team has devised ways place participants with many points rewarded high level and bring benefits participants according their level. the differentiated benefits are point-to-coin exchange and time, faster matching voucher, etc. moreover, points will deducted according the point validity period. the higher the points, the higher the level the mvl ecosystem. differentiated benefits are provided participants according their level, that the drivers and riders use the mobility service very often are advantageous for having higher level the ecosystem rather than exchanging points coins.(e.g. the level low, the point-to-coin exchange time relatively late and the exchange rate low.) points get deducted according the point validity period.(for participants who not use our affiliated services for long time.) the mvl point-to-mvl coin exchange system will described detail chapter the most important part the mvl token economy. designed based tada service singapore for now, but will revised the mvl protocol implemented other mobility services the future. ways maintain the value the mvl coin inside the ecosystem via mvl app users many mobility services with the mvl protocol implemented are able exchange points coins through the mvl app. mvl app. where users from many different mobility services and their asset gather together. the mvl app., users can transfer the mvl coin exchanges, pay the mvl coin use the services, and pay the mvl coin purchase products the marketplaces. order encourage users use the mvl coin payment method, ways have convenient payment system, low commissions, and low coin prices are needed. order for the companies participating the mvl ecosystem, coin payment should advantageous rather than cash payment. however, even when the coin payment settled, will cause another problem such decrease mvl token economy related business model mvl team the value the coin the companies only sell the coins the market. other words, our team needs ways encourage the users purchase the products cheap price the marketplaces and the companies not indiscriminately sell coins the exchanges. our team has designed way provide benefits the companies place banner ads the top the page based the amount the mvl coin they have. the companies will encouraged hold many coins possible since large number users will gathered together the mvl app. for the companies increase the amount the mvl coin, they may purchase coins from the exchanges implement system for users pay with coins. for the companies that already have much amount the mvl coin, they may want encourage paying with cash rather than with coins. this case, they would like lower the cash price than the coin price.(however, they should informed that they may lose chance place banner ads the top competing with other companies holding more coins.) encouraging the companies compete each other place banner ads the top and have payments systems with coins and cash the same time, many companies will have many coins possible. this way, believe that will able prevent problems indiscriminately selling coins the market and also able increase the distribution the coin and value the ecosystem the same time. also, our team plans have separate market for users directly exchange the mvl coin within our ecosystem. this way for 'the companies that have much amount the mvl coin through the coin payment and have made effective advertisement already' not immediately sell coins the market and trade with 'the companies that need increase the amount the mvl coin make effective advertisement' instead. there will effect the market price since such large amount coin will traded within the ecosystem.(currently our team discussing deal with few exchanges.) possible exchange the mvl point mvl coin only through the mvl app. users are able use affiliated services and purchase products the marketplaces with the mvl coin.(the companies are able encourage payment with coins lowering the coin prices than the cash prices.) the more coins the companies have, the higher level the ecosystem with better benefits.(the companies with more amount coins can place banner ads the top the page.) separate market will implemented for users directly exchange the mvl coin with each other within our ecosystem. the number users the mvl app increased have planned, the places use the mvl coin will variable. however, will take some time gather the users and the companies the mvl app. meanwhile, our team will implement other many ways use the mvl coin other variable places. however, are not able describe all here this document, but plan implement them step step. mvl token economy related business model mvl team ways balance between the inside and outside the mvl ecosystem have designed ways prevent the outflow the coins from the ecosystem via ways maintain the value the points and coins. our team plans adopt various policies keep the value the ecosystem and prevent from being damaged due reckless selling coins. however, for the smooth circulation the token economy, more devices are needed. have make sure that the mvl flow from the inside the mvl ecosystem(mobility services and mvl apps) the outside the ecosystem and vice versa. other words, need balance the ratio between 'the number users who earn coins within the ecosystem and exchange them into cash the market' and 'the number users who purchase coins the market and use them the ecosystem' order create desirable token economy. this time, there may increase the amount unused coins the ecosystem and those that are not exchanged the market, but this can also contribute increasing the value the ecosystem controlling the increase total volume the coin and encouraging more users purchase coins from the market. have come with strategies that will encourage coins flow into the ecosystem from the external market and maintain the ecosystem. this can overlap with some the strategies mentioned before and but will explained again for further clarification. our team designed way encourage users such drivers, riders, and individual drivers who use the mobility services with the mvl protocol implemented have certain amount coins. will design system for individual participants have certain amount coins placed higher level, that they can provided with various benefits using the services. this will increase the amount coins reserved the ecosystem and encourage each participant have coins and actively use them pay for services. however, there will limit the amount coins that can affect the holder being placed higher level. this limit participants from being indefinitely promoted higher level making participation the ecosystem more important than financial strength. mentioned above, the mobility companies must have certain amount the mvl coin implement the mvl protocol. our team plans differentiate standards the amount coins hold for each companies proportion the the number mobility service users. when the companies are not allowed purchase coins with cash, our team will purchase behalf the companies. certain portion the coins the companies own will paid implementation fee every year. these coins will managed the mvl pool and used for mining commissions and exchanges and stored reserved eventually shared with the participants. more mobility companies implement the mvl mvl token economy related business model mvl team protocol, the amount the coins the reserve pool and the value the coins will increased. our company plans encourage companies allow payment with coins when they sell products and provide services users the mvl app. the more coins the companies have, the higher level they can placed in. the companies have many points, they are able put the top the page. (when companies need pay entrance fee with cash instead coins, our team able purchase behalf the companies.) our team plans operate the mvl pool from the point the revenue generated and lock part revenue(-%) for about years. having the coins reserved the pool, also expect that billion the current issuance amount coins circulated within the ecosystem without extra coins issued. when the token economy settled, our team plans utilize separate blockchain system with our own mainnet for anyone participate our own mainnet, plan develop consensus algorithm. our team will also participate mining our own and part will locked reserved for the use the future. *note: our team concern with few follows developing consensus algorithm that utilize both coins and points developing consensus algorithm for small transaction not less important than huge transaction out from the ecosystem preventing from decrease payment with coins due high commissions coordinating coins and points with transaction data and mobility data our team consideration about various ideas such managing transactions from the inside the ecosystem and outside the ecosystem separately, introducing master nodes, having private nodes and public nodes the same time, and dynamic commission system and fixed commission system the same time. will discuss about the mainnet later separate document. the summary the places where the mvl coin can used are follows. mvl mobility services pay with coins for rides pay with coins for extra options such emergency rides, best drivers, female drivers, etc. pay tips with coins pay with coins for optional services such events, item purchase, etc. pay with coins for services other companies with mvl protocol mvl token economy related business model mvl team mvl app mobility market: pay with coins purchase auto parts and repair parts and make insurance payments non-mobility market: pay with coins purchase items other than mobility related items other affiliated company services: pay with coins when using various services such gas station, mechanic, used car dealer, etc. companies may pay with coins for mvl ecosystem entrance fee pay with coins put advertisement pay with coins when using additional services such car related games, item purchase, etc. more pay with coins for particular service affiliated companies(other than mobility services product purchase) pay with coins for various services related mobility outside the ecosystem iii. tada economy with mvl incentive protocol overview the mvl team launched the tada ride-hailing service singapore july the tada app collects car data drivers and riders real time, and this data will used implement the system optimum pursued the mvl ecosystem. therefore, have designed new mobility economic ecosystem applying blockchain technology based the mvl protocol the tada app for the first time. this allows the mvl ecosystem participants earn points based participation contributions and exchange them for coins use means trading like cash. the core the mvl mobility economic ecosystem provide appropriate incentives. the team with number mobility experts designed the incentive logic the following ways provide appropriate incentives and maintain its incentive value: estimating mobility data value allocating the estimated data value introducing mvl point logic design (mileage point, behavior point) and rating system providing benefits participants according their level the details are follows. mvl token economy related business model mvl team estimating data value first, have evaluated the value mobility service data based the tada service and discussed how share with users. mobility-related mobile application users produce large amounts data. particular, mobility data generated through applications such maps, navigation, mobility services, and data public transportation have high value for time and space big data. mobility data generated the process overcoming the physical space separation between the place and the place needed for daily activities. not only this data used the public sector, such the evaluation various mobility policies/ the policy formulation social infrastructures/ the development appropriate rates and settlement mechanisms/ subsidy policies/ traffic demand management/ and traffic control and management, but also civil and academic fields such preemptive response future smart city environment/ commercial analysis through forecasting future activities/ analysis place value/ and other technology development. our team looked into the value similar existing businesses before estimating the mobility service value. similar companies can classified into two types: major mobility companies operating traditional enterprise manner; and non-mobility companies that reward users based blockchain technology. although the best comparison company mobility company that compensates users based blockchain, there are currently companies that have tried this approach aside from our team. inevitably, looked the two types companies mentioned above. classification mobility company non-mobility company company company value no. users company value for user note billion (unlisted plans ipo million drivers million users) approx. million won/ person driver standards billion (unlisted) million drivers approx. won/person driver standards billion (unlisted) million users approx. won/person user standards million (market cap) million users approx. won/person user standards when the value each company calculated per user, there great difference shown the table above. can seen that mobility companies may different depending the company assets and market valuation. the case our team, the value the mobility service operated likely vary greatly depending the degree the ecosystem the future. next, examined the data transactions korean companies that are trading mobility data find out the actual mvl token economy related business model mvl team market price mobility data. company trading company data transaction amount travelling data from cars for months million won won/car) travelling data from cars for week (in suwon) million won won/car) not only difficult say that the usage mobility data being traded the market limited, but also hard say that lies perfectly competitive market. data transaction prices differ greatly between companies that sell each data and those that purchase data. the market equilibrium price for mobility data has not been created yet. result, the mvl team conducted survey estimate the value mobility data. the survey was intended predict the 'willingness accept' how much the mobility data produced individual can provided for. the survey was conducted korean mobility service users. the estimation was conducted using the contingent valuation method(cvm). cvm, the user's 'willingness accept' defined the area the cumulative probability density function(bid) for the user's response follows. the mean and median are estimated follows. here, the user's socio-economic variable related mobility data. result the survey, the value user's mobility data was estimated the direct payment cost the users engaged mobility activities such fuel expenses. for example, driver uses fuel for distance and provides the generated mobility data for social contribution, the 'willingness accept' about won, which about won. plan test and set lower rate point-to-coin exchange for singapore's tada service considering that untested testnet has been applied. after setting the point-to-coin exchange rate arbitrarily, the actual point logic will designed and redesigned based the data provided the service provider. mvl token economy related business model mvl team allocating data value our team was concerned about how return the estimated mobility value the users. order make the mobility ecosystem sustainable system optimum manner, thought should provide incentives users for prosocial behaviors. prosocial behaviors include helping others broader sense behavior that involves benefiting others such sharing, empathizing, comforting, altruistic behavior, moral behavior and more (korean society for learning and performance, hrd terminology dictionary, ..) the data value distribution method has been designed that users who have gotten many incentives can get more benefits and earn more goods from the mvl ecosystem. the details are follows. mvl point logic design there are two types incentives the mvl ecosystem: mvl mileage points (mmp) that rewards users that uses the services the mvl ecosystem often; and mvl behavior points (mbp) that rewards users who has had high level prosocial behavior within the mvl mobility ecosystem. user has high contribution level(many mvl points) the mvl ecosystem, means that the user has used many mvl mobility services(quantitative) and has carried out many prosocial behaviors(qualitative). therefore, the point rating system was designed provide different benefits according the user's contribution the mvl ecosystem. the two types point correlation for determining the mvl level point are follows. mvl level point mvl mileage point(mmp) b*mvl behavior point(mbp) get points, average points get point) kindness cleanness the case riders, the behavior leaving ride review itself defined prosocial behavior. create healthy mvl mobility ecosystem, important assess mobility services properly. prosocial behavior points (pbp) for riders are designed that they receive the points for reviewing the three items above and not get any points they not. mvl token economy related business model mvl team antisocial behavior points(abp) antisocial behavior points(abp) the mvl mobility ecosystem only applies drivers. antisocial behaviors were defined reckless driving behaviors that cause traffic accidents and environmental pollution while driving. minor driving patterns such speed driving, acceleration, and deceleration have great impact traffic safety and the natural environment. according the wto world report (), the risk getting injured from collision increases and the risk death increases whenever the average speed increases km/h. moreover, driver starts moving rapidly times faster, they tend waste about c(,cc) fuel. the case rapid acceleration, fuel consumption increases more than and pollutants such nox are created more. limit these antisocial driving behaviors, the six major reckless driving behaviors(speeding, continuous speeding,rapid acceleration, rapid start, rapid deceleration and rapid stop) defined the korea transportation safety authority are considered dangerous driving behaviors and applied antisocial behavior points. antisocial behavior point(abp) total (speeding, continuous speeding, rapid acceleration, rapid start, rapid deceleration, rapid stop) reckless driving item definition speeding for driving km/h faster than the speed limit for minutes more continuous speeding for accelerating more than km/h per second rapid acceleration for accelerating more than km/h per second rapid start for suddenly start driving from motion state for more than km/h per second rapid deceleration for decelerating more than .km/h per second rapid stop for suddenly stopping from driving for more than .km/h per second the scores each item calculated based the ahp evaluation the transportation expert group our team. item weight speeding continuous speeding rapid acceleration mvl token economy related business model mvl team rapid start rapid deceleration rapid stop total the reason for applying the antisocial behavior point(abp) achieve system optimum the the mobility ecosystem that our team intends achieve described above. drivers are encouraged get many mvl behavior points(mbps) possible earning incentives through safe driving and minimizing the deduction points due reckless driving. want create healthy and sustainable car mobility ecosystem that can reduce accidents and environmental pollution and maximize social benefits. mvl token economy related business model mvl team mvl levels mentioned above, the mvl point system will introduced order provide benefits according the user's contribution the mvl ecosystem. the mvl level determined follows based the point formula mentioned before. mvl level point a*mileage point(mmp) b*prosocial behavior point(pbp) b*anti-social behavior point(abp) values will follow the ratio below.; a*mileage point(mmp) b*prosocial behavior point(pbp) b*anti-social behavior point(abp)=:: values will revised after testnet. for now, a=., b=, mvl levels are categorized into levels according the amount points user has and the standard number points(level points) can change according the results the singapore testnet data and will continuously adjusted the mvl ecosystem becomes more active. level (tutorial) (metal) (bronze) (silver) (gold) (diamond) level points below above latecomers the mvl ecosystem may disadvantage compared the users who have joined the ecosystem earlier terms their level. alleviate this, users who not have lot points can upgraded the second level they have certain amount coins. the reason why users are only allowed boost their status level prevent phenomenon where capitalist dominates the mvl ecosystem. also, order encourage users keep their coins the ecosystem, users can only upgraded level three above maintaining their coins certain level well earn certain amount points. the benefits provided the users will vary according the user's level. this level-based incentive system just example how will carried out. this incentive system will designed detail through data analysis and expert consultation collected through the singapore testnet the future. our team currently focused the benefits that are technically possible and are unable comment the specific incentives due the security our affiliates. are also considering the ability customize the apps purchasing decorating features (e.g. certain percentage the mvl point will awarded you purchase daily booster), similar game. the key that not only will users able benefit from point incentives, but they will able get vouchers and experience the joy connecting with diverse digital content. mvl token economy related business model mvl team the tada app, various incentives are provided according each level. some these incentives include token economy benefits(point-to-coin exchange rate, point-to-coin exchange time, commissions, etc.), mobility service benefits(faster matching voucher, items, etc.), everyday life benefits(vouchers for gas station, mechanic, restaurant, etc.). token economy benefits level point coin exchange rate point coin exchange time commissions (metal) basic basic (bronze) basic basic days once week (silver) basic basic days twice week (gold) basic basic days three times week basic basic days five times week benefits (diamond) mobility service benefits everyday life benefits faster matching voucher, faster call voucher(will added more with suggestions and opinions) vouchers for gas station, mechanic, restaurant, car wash, coffee shop, etc. faster matching voucher drivers with high level will matched drivers with high level can ask for fast matching faster call voucher riders with high level can call for faster ride riders with high level can call for faster ride with premium penalty waiver drivers with high level gets abp points penalty waiver gets everyday life benefits based driving habits and favorite places go(e.g.: offer affiliated business vouchers based favorite places go) the following figure example the point status page that driver can check the tada app. users can check their level, level points, mileage points, behavior points and more. mvl token economy related business model mvl team iv. mvl team's growth plan how data recorded(blockchain-based) the most important part developing the mvl ecosystem sorting the data recorded the blockchain. data generated from mobility services and driving should managed the blockchain. however, since there limited storage capacity the mvl ecosystem, very important decide which data should stored the blockchain. therefore, large-scale raw data will managed separately while the related car data and accountspecific data will recorded the blockchain. the future, are considering way record small-sized data and data that can inform users main driving characteristics the blockchain. recording data related goods(coins) and participation(points, levels) the mvl ecosystem also important. mvl levels, mvl mileage points(mmp), mvl behavior points(mbp), mvl coin transaction record should managed transparently and safe from hacking and manipulation threats. therefore, all transaction data must able recorded and managed the blockchain. are looking for way record data related mobility services, driving, points and coins generated the mvl ecosystem create value big data and return the value data the form incentives the users. the basic concept the data storage method follows. with the operation the singapore tada service, our team going conduct detailed review with external experts and companies determine the final specification the data that will recorded the blockchain. classification data data size data storage driving record vehicle gps data(coordinates, time) big cloud continuous driving vehicle gps data(coordinates, time) big cloud passenger reviews reviews small cloud short-distance rides availability small cloud note mvl token economy related business model mvl team high risk driving behavior small blockchain distance travel small blockchain total time travel small blockchain final destination coordinates medium blockchain cloud fare price small blockchain vehicle type small blockchain mvl mileage point(mmp) small blockchain mvl behavior point(mbp) small blockchain mvl level point small blockchain transaction history mvl coin exchange, items purchased small blockchain data history personal data, car data, etc. small blockchain main driving habits point speed, rapid acceleration, harsh breaking starting time, ending time, total time travel future plans mvl app launch and expansion plan mentioned earlier, our team plans apply the mvl incentive protocol the tada ride hailing service, prepare the mvl app for data collection, and provide the mvl point. the logic will constantly revised based the collected data. when all the logic design completed, the mvl app will officially launched vietnam and other countries. the future, the logic for drivers driving their own cars will similar the protocol for tada drivers. the case incentive payment standards for prosocial behavior, detailed plan will made the future and different concept from the standard applied the tada service likely introduced. are currently discussing collaborations with number navigation companies, car repair shops, and used car dealerships, will continue customize the incentive system according the needs each industry. mvl token economy related business model mvl team business model the business value platform generally proportional the size the platform. other words, the more loyal user is, the more benefits the user able receive. although the core profit model the existing major enterprise platform was based brokerage commission system, mvl's main business model expected where the revenue generated from places such commissions from coin payment, platform-based advertisement and incentive protocol subscription fee. for example, when the mvl incentive protocol implemented the tada app, the tada app mentioned above required pay for the mvl protocol. addition, revenues from advertisements, safe driving data, car certification fees and protocol operation fees will also generated linking with various partner companies. the case the mvl apps, market sales, advertisements, and protocol operation fees will created. will our best prevent the value the ecosystem from deteriorating and the value the ecosystem grow. addition the business model described here, have variety other business models. although cannot disclose the details now, will utilize core resources such user's driving data and platform data get profits the software development sales(driver certification software, driving record software, etc.), commissions (closely related transportation such duty-free shops, airline companies, and credit card companies), hotline (transportation campaign notification), and driver behavior verification service top the transportation sector. the new revenue business model generated, the revenue that can shared through the mvl pool will increase significantly. mvl token economy related business model mvl team roadmap initial coin offering officially ended launch ride-hailing service 'tada'(singapore) launch tada taxi singapore launch tada cambodia launch tada vietnam mvl incentives protocol implemented tada singapore partnership with binancechain mainnet code release mvl incentive protocol implemented tada vietnam and tada cambodia raise us$ million series funding launch tada wallet with shinhan bank(cambodia) launch beta version mvl taxi for driver app mvl token economy related business model mvl team conclusion our team aims improve mobility services and vehicle-related businesses linking them into single ecosystem, sharing information transparently, and providing compensation for sharing information. the first step achieving our goal implement token economy that rewards tokens for behaviors that have positive impact the mvl ecosystem and token payment system for services and products within the mvl ecosystem. first, will design the mvl incentive protocol and integrate into mvl's first mobility service, tada. the incentive protocol logic will continuously revised through steady monitoring the test period. once the mvl app has launched, point incentive system will provided and users will able pay for the tada services using the mvl tokens. the second half plan launch ride hailing service major cities vietnam. will continue expand our ecosystem launching various mobility services various countries around southeast asian countries linking the mvl protocols with local leading companies. while will actively start the operation mobility services, once achieve stabilization, will also carry out services related vehicle management. ultimately, hope that the mvl protocol will applied various forms all future transportation methods that the project will useful everyday life. our team will link the entire automobile industry and the transportation industry the mvl ecosystem and strive share profits offering various convenience users. the meantime, will continue solve various social problems just have been collaborating with the government, public corporations, and global corporations short period time. mvl token economy related business model mvl team legal issues mvl token economy related business model provides the description the ecosystem. this paper does not advise investment. mvl not responsible for any damages, loss, debt and other monetary harm inflicted someone who took this paper into consideration and mvl not obliged compensation, indemnification other responsibility. when someone refers bases this paper make decision and faces monetary loss debt, mvl foundation pte. ltd. will not compensate indemnify any way. this paper content based when was written, meaning changes can made the future. mvl foundation pte. ltd. does not make statement guarantees any matter the readers and does not have legal responsibility. for example, this mvl paper was written based its legitimate rights and does not guarantee that the paper invades third party, has valid market value, suitable its reader's certain agenda and has error content. the range responsibility not limited the examples provided. mvl token economy related business model mvl team appendix tada tada first mobility service launched singapore mvl foundation. this ride hailing service which uses online-enabled platform connect between passengers and local drivers using their personal noncommercial cars. tada was launched july and has ranked number one singaporean app downloads chart. july sept july sept july sept