abstract introduction business model legal structure funding and monetisation areas opportunity opportunity automated investment system opportunity revenue distribution management system opportunity decentralised asset exchange architecture front end smart contracts token access layer escrow staking technologies used roadmap current alpha beta conclusion abstract mybit iot investment ecosystem powered ethereum. founded switzerland industry veterans, mybit believes that people should able follow their passion instead having work survive. redefining the way people generate income, mybit strives democratise financial services everyone has equal access investment opportunities. this becomes critical when the future machine economy automates million jobs (mckinsey, and the average person, whose job automated, has ability participate this new economy. mybit provides ecosystem for the upcoming trillion dollar iot industry (forbes, with the belief that everyone should have equal opportunity participate this revolution. introduction the internet changed humanity significantly. now there new technological revolution its way. predicted that billion iot devices will generate astonishing trillion revenue. every industry and occupation will affected under the fast development autonomous machines. mckinsey calculated that all global working-hours can automated with currently demonstrated technology already. this machine transition will have impact all jobs mybit provides ecosystem for the upcoming trillion dollar iot industry, with the belief that everyone should have equal opportunity participate this revolution. mybit believes the ecosystem being designed vital importance the future moving the right direction for the world's population whole. current investing procedures are broken with high risk due people having entrust third-parties with their personal money, excessively high fees, slow distributions profits, and above all high capital barriers entry which results the top (economically) the population obtaining unequal access the most profitable deals. mybit solves this issue focusing using blockchain technology create open, fair, and efficient investing ecosystem that available everyone. the ecosystem comprised the mybit dapp, decentralised investing platform, and mydax, the world's first decentralised exchange for iot assets, which creates liquidity that historically has never been available many markets. business model mybit categorized investment and financial services platform under the financial technology sector. this means that mybit toolkit/ software application streamline investing and associated activities, but not the business managing money nor making decisions behalf clients. parent organization: mybit stiftung (foundation registered zug, switzerland with registration number: che-..) operating entity: mybit (limited company registered zug, switzerland with registration number: che-..) mybit's operations were funded via tokensale which concluded august with total ethereum contributed, resulting ... myb being released the public. .., the mybit foundation retains ,,. myb which may elect sell otherwise release future date finance continued operations relation the development the greater mybit ecosystem. mybit has basic monetisation strategy charging fee all assets funded over the mybit investment platform (mybit dapp). this fee designed sustain long term operations and continued innovation over the foreseeable future. areas opportunity mybit was designed bring investing, trading, and the exchange assets into the century create more secure and robust experience for everyone ranging from individual institutional investors. currently investment models are outdated and not have technology efficiently integrated which equates into high management fees, slow revenue distribution, lack liquidity many alternative asset markets, and inherent risk trusting third parties with personal capital. effectively achieve goals faster, more secure, and cost-effective investing ecosystem designed the mybit ecosystem built top ethereum, tap into the power smart contracts, which are secure and efficient method for executing investment terms and other financial processes. smart contracts are computer code that executes actual programmed, are able digitalise processes from current financial models and eliminate many inefficiencies and human interactions. since also functions payment system and does not just have logic execution capabilities, can also eliminate the need for bridging together many different systems such payment service, investment book-keeping logs, and accounting software. opportunity automated investment system this use case effectively removes the need for broker facilitate transactions between investors and the assets they are placing their capital into. provides more cost effective solution due computers being much less expensive maintain than humans. also provides more secure environment because your funds flow directly the investment asset without having control third-party any time. opportunity revenue distribution management system this use case streamlines the payment dividends, revenue distributions, and other forms profit disbursements. investment generates income, smart contracts automatically transmit the funds the investor real time. under current models, real time not feasible human involvement aggregating and distributing capital. similar the use case automated investment system, this also more secure process third-party never control personal capital. opportunity decentralised asset exchange mydax, the mybit decentralised asset exchange designed create liquidity historically illiquid alternative assets the fields of, but not limited to, energy, property, transportation, financial and smart devices such printers and cryptocurrency atms. date when investing alternative assets, investors often have difficulty liquidating their stakes and must wait for full return investment from revenue realise gains. alternatively, they may have the option finding buyer, normally through broker service, purchase their ownership stake; however, this process often expensive and highly time consuming. mydax integrates fractional ownership exchange and matching protocol allow investors create market which seamlessly finds buyer seller for specific asset and also enables fractional ownership buying and selling. meaning asset owners can sell piece their stake, instead all nothing model which the current norm. mydax can operate independently from the mybit investment platform which gives substantial versatility across market sectors. architecture front end both the mybit investment platform and mydax are web self-hosted applications that connect our smart-contract platform order function. their frontend composed the following major elements, all them open-source the community with proven track-record their usability and maintainability: react.js (https://github.com/facebook/react/) the facebook sponsored popular tool react the initial piece series building blocks for our user interface. using the popular web language javascript, react helps build efficient and flexible small components that then glue together order create user stories. storybook.js (https://github.com/storybooks/storybook) storybook allows define complex interfaces visually integrating react components previously constructed. the name says, contains the stories book-like form, showcasing how users will perform their actions within the platform. storybook way the blueprintdevelopment tool for our applications, allowing see high-level view the platforms. next.js (https://github.com/zeit/next.js) order render our application into static website, while still relying server-rendered logic development, use next. next company sponsored light-framework that integrates and renders our react components into html ready pages. can then host these html pages into decentralized friendly hosting service like ipfs. web.js (https://github.com/ethereum/web.js/tree/v..-beta.) important piece within our ecosystem web, which the ethereum developed javascript implementation that allows web applications communicate with our smart contracts through web supported interface like the chrome extension metamask the consensys sponsored platform infura. web sits top our components order sync the data with the interface. smart contracts the mybit smart-contract platform built allow the decentralized crowd-funding assets, automating the distribution revenue all contracts are written solidity and follow design patterns that force each user pay for their own computation costs. interactions with the platform will burn small amount mybit tokens associated with myb price and current fiat values. all contracts are built upgradeable storing long-term data under byte length keys permanent contract, while complex logic handled contracts that can have write privileges removed and swapped for new contract that implements protocol changes. upgrading contracts requires owners agree sign the address the replacing contract. all critical functions that may result the movement ether/mybit important data changes can paused the owners the platform. the platform currently written have owners who must have consensus for any critical functions called. using this consensus agreement removes the risk involved having one ethereum wallet gain control over the whole platform. upgradeability this contract stores all data mappings which can referenced with bytes key, which produced from the sha hash variable names with associated id's and user addresses. this will the only contract the platform that not upgradeable, since holds all the data the platform. for this reason written very simple and robust, only taking bytes keys store values. the database contract will only accept transactions originating from one the contracts registered contractmanager. contracts: database.sol, contractmanager.sol access the user access contracts handle all authority measures the platform. owners can approve users for kyc, remove users, pause the platform sign important function calls. burning mybit tokens, users can achieve the following access levels: funding/creating assets, become asset manager, ability trade shares. contracts: useraccess.sol, owned.sol assets the contracts involved asset life-cycles are broken down into main periods: creation period, funding period and distributing period. each period handled seperate contract. asset creation where operators can start funding periods for new assets. operators can lock mybit tokens escrow before starting funding period for new asset increase trust from funders. this escrow can retrieved the operator according how much return investment the asset has returned. the funding period where users can send eth newly created asset buy ownership units that asset. the contract will reward the user with shares equal the amount that they contributed. wei share). the asset successfully meets it's funding target this contract distributes the ether the manufacturer and the mybit foundation. the funding period failure, users can withdraw their funded ether. operators can retrieve their escrowed tokens funding period fails. the asset distribution period deals with receiving and distributing income produced assets, well managing users ownership units. contracts: assetcreation.sol, fundinghub.sol, asset.sol, operatorescrow, decentralized asset exchange (dax) this where users can trade ownership units for all live assets the mybit platform. once the order picked up, the marketplace contract calls the asset contract and the shares are then transferred the new owner. the asset contract will only allow shares transferred when called the marketplace contract. token access layer the token not used directly fund assets since erc token gas costs are roughly double that normal ether transaction, they are not optimized for medium exchange purposes. instead myb acts access token using proof-of-burn protocol, deriving it's value from genuine usage the platform. each user must burn myb access the platform, which decreases supply over time and increases security increasing the cost attack the platform. escrow asset managers are required lock myb escrow collateral incentivise them perform their duties. they are removed from their position, the escrowed myb will forfeited the replacement asset manager. asset managers can withdraw myb proportion the percent roi the asset has generated. for example asset break-even, meaning cost chf and chf has been distributed investors, then escrowed myb eligible for withdrawal. the percentages which withdrawal available are: once the escrow fully withdrawn, only the monthly revenue streams incentivise the asset manager keep the asset functioning. staking hodlers myb can "stake" post the required escrow for asset managers and return receive portion the revenue stream assigned the asset manager. much like the free market model where asset managers can choose their revenue percentages asset they are managing, believe that this should also the discretion the asset managers and stakers. asset manager offers low revenue share agreement, then theory they will not have their escrowed covered any stakers. stakers are required post all nothing. the future may implement crowdfunded staking, but currently not option. roadmap the development mybit's ecosystem segmented over several phases. phase this phase mybit focuses the development alpha version and the preparations for marketing. this first version our alpha, codenamed celestine, will consist basic testnet infrastructure function technological foundation build top of. this version includes explore function with assets and simple portfolio for users track his/ her assets. version will available select group community members. the front-end mybit will update its complete brand identity which includes new website, brand story and its community-management structure. token swap will initiated. this update fundamental realising the full potential the ecosystem from tech and marketing perspective. phase from this version on, and start play active and important role the further development the alpha. onboarding funnel, user tutorial and knowledge base will implemented accustom new users the platform. another function that will added the asset section where users can track their assets. the test group will expanded for this version. this phase the community has grown respectable inner-circle and all brand elements are finished fully start with marketing. phase phase will add several important ui/ux functionalities the platform such notifications, animations and asset-favourites option. this update will also introduce the user account functionality well the role asset manager which includes several advanced functionalities within the mybit ecosystem. this update enables more people board the platform and thoroughly test it. marketing this stage consists amplifying our brand story via all the different channels that our target group(s) use. the goal grow our community and spread the visibility mybit depending the communities coverage. mybit's ambition expand the marketing department around this time. phase the last testnet version the alpha will released and will showcase almost every aspect the platform. this update will enlarge the test group significantly. version will complimented the launch mydax, the first decentralised iot exchange the world. this exchange users can buy, sell and monitor iot assets global basis. marketing the past periods are analysed and steered accordingly. the goal grow our community all channels and expand the visibility mybit global basis. phase the first mainnet platform mybit -the beta-will become operational after all aspects have been thoroughly tested our end-users. all the previous phases selected community members have helped develop the platform resulting user-friendly application. the beta version will offer all functionalities necessary give mybit's users optimal investing experience. new roadmap will published this phase order stay accurate. conclusion this paper have discussed the design and implementation iot investment ecosystem (mybit). comprised decentralised investment platform (mybit dapp) and decentralised exchange (mydax). designed create open, fair, and streamlined environment for the next generation investing give everyone equal access the multi-trillion dollar machine economy. mybit was founded industry veterans and open-sourced under gpl mybit stiftung (mybit foundation) registered zug, switzerland. identification number che-...