create new ecosystem cryptocurrency investment white paper contents abstract ii. background new world new trend problems iii. about mytoken our mission and vision mytoken project introduction mytoken development plans mytoken business structure diagram usage scenarios iv. token distribution token distribution fund usage repurchasing plan advisory vi. governance structure vii. risks and disclaimer disclaimer risk abstract the blockchain technology represented bitcoin and ethereum has been rapidly growing the recent years. not only does create revolutionary technology, the cryptocurrencies that come along with have developed new model for financing ventures. characterized with low funding costs (for companies) and high roi and liquidity (for investors), this new model shows huge potential for greater use all kinds industries. established august mytoken focuses providing aggregate exchange market information and has become market-watching application with the largest market share and the highest number active users china. platform that has attracted many cryptocurrency investors, mytoken hopes further solve the problems faced our users the market today. mytoken's vision create new cryptocurrency investment service ecosystem based the blockchain technology and token system. the new ecosystem will able minimize transaction cost, provide the best content and the best social interaction experience, and integrate some the most valuable investment tools into itself. mytoken advocate for value investing and decentralization. wish become the bridge connecting the blockchain technology and its users well investors accelerating the transformation process which the users get involved. ii. background new world satoshi nakamoto published the bitcoin white paper and thereby launched irreversible technology and social revolution. bitcoin solves the incentive problem decentralized structure designing consensus mechanism that allows many nodes (participants) possible join and support the network. the development bitcoin and its incentive mechanism has been inspiring the past ten years. bitcoin has overall attracted approximately hashrate computing power and reached market cap ,,, usd with the highest price usd. catalyzed unprecedented decentralized community and booming ecosystem consisting cryptocurrency exchanges, otc exchanges, initial coin offerings, vertical media and other related communities. even more long-lasting effect bitcoin brought the underlying blockchain technology. the whole blockchain industry and the new economic ecosystem based cryptocurrencies fundamentally changed the way business organized and funded today. entrepreneurs are building organizations with more transparent and decentralized structure. funded coin offerings, these organizations are able attract early supporters and community contributors who will further develop the system. the other hand, more investors can get involved the early stage projects and receive high returns for contributing capital the process development. new trend the blockchain industry went from "blockchain "blockchain the past ten years and fundamentally changed the investment activities the crypto asset industry. "blockchain .", represented bitcoin, aimed solving the problem embedded the old currency and payment system with new technology. however, the concept blockchain was not fully explored the the industry was mainly looking for better "payment and currency solutions". investments this stage mainly focused bitcoin. the invention ethereum and smart contracts launched the "blockchain era. not only more and more people realize the underlying value the blockchain technology behind bitcoin, ethereum establishes turing-complete platform that enables developers create smart contracts conveniently. the platform provided ethereum greatly reduces development costs and technology barriers, further disseminating the blockchain technology into every aspects our modern commercial society, such finance, iot, healthcare legal practice, content distribution, art, communication, social media, entertainment, advertisement, storage services and more. more investment opportunities are made possible. addition bitcoin and "traditional payment and currency solutions" created the "blockchain era, every month see new projects and attempts aiming revolutionizing the outdated and inefficient structure different industries. new crypto assets created along with these projects will have higher roi potential bitcoin reaching more mature stage. diversified investment strategies will become mainstream the future soon. problems since over projects were funded with billion usd through initial coin offering (ico). more than kinds cryptocurrencies can traded approximately crypto exchanges (data from mytoken). this rapid development creates opportunities well problems for individual investors. diversification cryptocurrencies according mytoken, there are over kinds cryptocurrencies available the market and the number keeps growing. these cryptocurrencies come from over industry segments. becomes impossible for most individual investors even learn the basic information mainstream cryptocurrencies, such project goals, team members, industries, funding and valuations. market fragmentation the low cost and the high return setting exchange are leading the prosperity exchange markets (it easy set exchange while costly maintain good service). according mytoken, there are over renowned crypto exchanges, each with various resources and strategies providing different transaction prices and depth. becomes urgent problem help investors have complete understanding the market and identify the most suitable exchanges. measurability personal assets due the aforementioned problems, investments personal investors are distributed different exchanges, wallets, and even ico crypto assets yet released the issuers. together with the high volatility cryptocurrency prices, becomes extremely hard evaluate one's overall crypto assets. high operation cost investments the cryptocurrencies including fiat-crypto transactions, crypto-crypto transactions and initial coin offerings. fiat-crypto transactions are mostly otc platforms while crypto-crypto transactions are mainly crypto exchanges. initial coin offerings, the other hand, are usually offered the official website project, ico platforms user groups. this diversification platforms brings down user experience and wastes resources. high decision cost cryptocurrency investments have replaced traditional angel investments and venture capitals early-stage funding for startups. individual investors become angel investors but lack the ability practice institutional investment analyses and due diligences. buying based marketing advertisements instead effective analyses will just bring high risks the investors and more frauds into the market. scams the blockchain industry was born with the characteristics decentralization and globalization and therefore hard effectively regulated governments. the astonishing profits early participants the market have attracted scamsters join and put fake projects even pyramid selling. participants the industry, not take effective actions, the chaos and scams the market will have huge negative impact the emerging blockchain industry. iii. about mytoken our mission and vision blockchain makes decentralized and trust-less transactions possible modern commercial activities. reducing the cost trust real life and business transactions has set forth revolution the organizational structure business. based its highly creative business framework, the cryptocurrency system based the blockchain technology provides vitality for new ventures and their development. while being able attract early community members build commercial value the network, also presents new model for enterprises raise funding for future development, and offers new chances for investors invest early-stage projects with clear exit route. firm advocate value investing and the underlying value blockchain and cryptocurrencies human society, mytoken believes that value investing will generate high returns the industry develops further (as the case bitcoin). hope effectively connect blockchain and the traditional world, bridge blockchain-based projects and investors, and help people better understand this industry and its promising future. mytoken project introduction founded august mytoken application providing aggregate crypto market information across exchanges. aim build healthy cryptocurrency investing platform and provide investors with the most objective data, information and tools which will help them gain in-depth understanding the blockchain industry and projects. with data integration, ugc, community and ecosystem services together, can effectively reduce decision-making costs for cryptocurrency investors and thus help them actively participate the blockchain world. released our first ios and android app august, and provided investors with means search and look the prices cryptocurrencies across multiple exchanges. after several product iterations the past six months, have released twenty versions and currently provide the following features: transaction data from nearly exchange platforms, with real-time pricing and detailed transaction volume more than popular exchange platforms real-time pricing more than cryptocurrencies candlestick charts, trading volume and in-depth trading data comprehensive cryptocurrency background info, market info, ico prices and project info for nearly popular cryptocurrencies real-time evaluation users' cryptocurrency assets integration announcements and twitter messages from major exchanges integration selected high quality media content mytoken has become the most popular cryptocurrency market platform china with applications ios android html mac. our product has attracted over users, more than wechat groups and over daus. figure :mytoken app screenshots mytoken development plans mytoken advocates choosing the appropriate technology and organizational framework tackle challenges, rather than blindly applying existing technologies. the past six months development, observed that data aggregation was quite logicheavy and result-oriented; therefore, chose centralized organizational structure develop our product. after six months product iterations, have solved partially solved the problems mentioned the first three pain points users listed section the overall user behavior data analysis shows that our solution has been highly recognized and favored the vast majority investors. the team now ready tackle the last three pain points listed section and face future challenges. helping investors efficiently make investments lower decision making costs and helping both users and developers better understand the blockchain community are both important problems resolved. hope introduce the decentralized technology and token system into the investment scenario. hope attract more eco-builders and business partners create efficient and friendly cryptocurrency investing ecosystem. this ecosystem, hope complete, but not limited to, the following projects: targeted advertisement accurately match advertisers and audience the cryptocurrency industry; help advertisers obtain targeted audience while allowing the audience choose whether accept the ads and benefit from the value their attention aggregate trading connect more cryptocurrency exchanges under legal premises; provide investors with good cryptocurrency trading experience and increase transaction depth for exchange platforms overseas platform while complying legal premises, connect more blockchain project teams create effective fundraising and investing channels for project teams and potential investors data services open apis user data and exchange information cryptocurrency investment service suppliers and attract them contribute their specialized knowledge and gain equivalent returns dapp store launch dapp store help blockchain projects demonstrate their products and attract more community members ugc system build user account system and ugc mechanism attract more content contributors join the ecosystem, thereby improving the amount high quality investing-related content while allowing the content generators obtain equivalent returns mytoken business structure diagram figure mytoken's present business structure diagram figure mytoken's new business structure diagram usage scenarios based the above structure, mytoken will develop mt, erc token ethereum. will serve the medium circulation the ecosystem and become the core the system consensus. the same time, order encourage value investing and integrate values all members this system, mytoken will distribute points (tentative name) according users' holding quantity and time. points will correlated with user rights and consumed users certain app usage scenarios. promotion engine [targeted advertising] mytoken platform that has gathered lot cryptocurrency investors, and has the commercial value bringing outstanding blockchain projects services and potential user groups together. therefore, mytoken hopes maximize the value both parties through promotion engine that balances their interests. the traditional advertising and promotion model has not been very ideal when comes the effects. ads easily encroach the audience's attention, squandering the costs advertisers and over-consuming users' attention. the traditional advertising platform proposed the "targeted advertising" concept and tried filter users based behavioral data. while making more precise audience selection possible, the core needs the targeted audience still grossly ignored. the one hand, handling users' privacy and security centralized entity insecure and dangerous. the other hand, platforms are indifferent the users' needs and squandering the value user's attention their own will. last but not least, this so-called "precision" does not fully achieve it's goal because the data that most platforms can access still very limited. blockchain technology allows solve these contradictions. users can control their attention value and get equivalent returns, they can choose use ad-free product. this way, can have more accurate matching and better privacy management. application mt: advertisers use pay advertising fees for displaying promotions the appropriate locations the mytoken app related products; the future, users can also select acceptable types based their interests and get the corresponding rewards based their level participations. cryptocurrency transactions [aggregate trading] trading basic demand the cryptocurrency world. the current market, however, extremely fragmented, which makes hard for investors trade across exchanges. mytoken will connect more exchange platforms the ecosystem and provide one-stop trading services investors, avoiding multiple login issues and bringing more traffic the exchanges the same time. mytoken will connect with the popular centralized exchanges that have in-depth transactions right now, and the other hand, will also collaborate with decentralized exchange platforms. although decentralized exchange platforms currently has trouble matching transactions, they provide broader coin type coverage and better transaction immediacy, which will help them meet more trading needs investors the coming future. application mt: after the transaction throughput reaches certain level, mytoken will charge the services for each transaction based the occupation and consumption network resources. investors will able deduct this service using points. overseas platform according statistics, over projects raised funding issuing erc tokens the ethereum smart contract platform this new model connects project teams and investors with lower financing costs and excellent liquidity, and thereby provides attractive alternative traditional funding methods. financing has quickly become the most important and mature application ethereum's smart contract platform and currently the most pivotal part the field cryptocurrency investing. however, there are still many needs that have not been met for both project teams and investors the current initial coin offering system: project teams need find good advertising channel reach potential investors investors can only invest projects via the official website, which makes the investment information extremely scattered many projects require kyc certification for compliance purposes. investors need repeatedly fill large amount information for each project they invest in. for investors, many official websites cannot provide good and consistent user experience, which return the increase investing costs. some the projects are over-packaged even scams. under the premises legal compliance, mytoken can help connect project teams and investors more accurately our established investor community. project teams can distribute fundraising information through mt, while investors can use highly consistent interfaces the one-time kyc certification will eliminate the complexity the process. application mt: project owners need consume certain amount points login the mytoken platform project owners can demonstrate better with tools available mytoken and attract investors providing them with bonus (or issuing project token bonus with locked mt). ecosystem-based services [data services] mytoken also hopes provide professional investing services for cryptocurrency investors. similar the traditional financial markets, there are many professional teams specialized individuals that provide effective products help individual investors select valuable currencies, make multi-dimensional assessments, and build positions. similar services include, but are not limited to, quantitative trading, follow-up investing, derivatives transactions, smart contract auditing and professional project evaluations. mytoken will set and open apis professional investing service teams. believe that professional teams should entrusted professional work, that our users will able obtain the best and most competitive professional services result competition and collaboration service providers. application mt: developers and professional teams need consume points when using data provided mytoken developers and professional teams can charge users service consideration the form the blockchain ecosystem will further developed blossoming projects and dapps will become the main form these projects. hundreds projects have been set and/ completed. foreseeable that there will greater number dapps blockchain enthusiasts are also looking forward gaining convenient access these new services. platform that brings together large amount digital asset investors, mytoken hopes serve gateway the entire blockchain world. mytoken will provide dapp store where blockchain project developers can publish their dapps the dapp store. for users, easy search, join, and leave comments the dapps they are interested in. application mt: project owners and developers need consume points publish their dapps addition natural traffic, project developers can also get better demonstration paying extra mt, enhance the promotion results paying users bonus. user generated content [ugc] users form communities which they naturally generate user generated content (ugc). high quality ugc can help content producers get corresponding returns, promote community building, and valuable people need the information. mytoken's ecosystem, users can help maintain and update cryptocurrency-related information such news information and project profile, well express their thoughts investment management and investing philosophy in-depth analyses some projects. all high quality content will enter the content feeds through the system's recommendation mechanism, and users may complete secondary ugc interactions through likes, comments, rewards, etc. application mt: because the project information more serious kind information, users need consume certain amount points provide such information. the information submitted will through inter-peer review, i.e, reviewed other contributors. the content that does not pass the inter-trial will invalid, otherwise the contributor will receive rewards for the passed content. the project information gathering system includes rewarding mechanism, which enables the content contributors and content reviewers get rewards and gain reputations. mytoken ecosystem will provide content filtering mechanism help display valuable content. the early filtering process will simply based "ups" "downs" and reviews, all which will consume points avoid fraudulent and spamming activities. all ugc content will also have rewarding mechanism through which rewards will given back ugc content contributors while increasing their reputation. there project team behind each cryptocurrency. the project team can also join the mytoken platform and interact with the users/investors the community. paying certain amount mt, the project team can launch marketing activities the community, such sending bonuses and releasing tasks attract new members join and increase community activities. users can also help mytoken project teams maintain the community and earn return. roadmap designing the entire system, hope that most the scenarios will ultimately based decentralized solutions and believe that decentralization will become the future business organizations. however, mytoken not zero-start project but project that already possesses certain commercial bottom-line and technological structure, which requires respond market needs and technological development. under this premise, have formulated preliminary roadmap, hoping achieve the scene depicted the white paper within year, but reserve the right make adjustments the development process and macro planning according environment shifts. mytoken launched ios android closed angel round funding from kvc completed main features including market information, candlestick, depth, encyclopedia, currency assets and became the most well-known market analysis application china complete token development start running the advertising system launch initial coin offering aggregate transactions covering major centralized exchange platforms open apis (partially) start decentralized wallet testing launch the aggregate-direct-investment function for blockchain projects launch dapp store open community and ugc system users after completing each core function listed the above roadmap, will continue optimize and update each function make mytoken become ultimately safe, easy-to-use and international product. iv. token distribution token distribution mytoken will develop its token (mt), issued tokenpia limited. based the erc standard. strict limit ,,, will created, and never increased (the total amount will reduced ,,, based our business development after into circulation). the created token will kept with mytoken foundation and used for ecosystem development, community activities and business development the future. will used for token public offering and initial token airdrop. the rest will distributed the founding team and early investors. tokens distributed the founding team and early investors will locked for four years, with release each year. all the vested tokens will released four years. hard cap: eth; round eth mt; locked and released each week linearly six months. (releasing day set different weekdays based the sequence investment) round eth mt; locked and released each week linearly three months. (releasing day set different weekdays based the sequence investment) token distribution founding team early investors the foundation token public offering and initial token airdrop fund usage all funds raised will used build better cryptocurrency investment ecosystem through the mytoken project. team building: the funding will used for regulation compliance and enhancement human resources; product development: less than the funding will used for developing multiplatform applications, building the underlying blockchain infrastructure, and enhancing security and tools; business development: global project, the funding will used for marketing and business development make our product widely accepted international users and reach cooperation with other blockchain based projects; community operation: the funding will used for mytoken's product and community operation. will establish professional team charge product operation and client services, with goal connecting communities and driving faster product iterations. funding release plan product development team building business development operation community repurchasing plan attach great importance the circulation the whole ecosystem and its function medium disseminating values the mytoken system. the value based its usage, users' expectations, the investors' willingness hold, and the demand circulation. the basis the community and will become the biggest return investors this system. platform that has been established and well-run for while, hope pay back the investors who have believed and stand with since the first day. every month, will use our token revenue buy back and destroy (we will use our token revenue buy back before our new aggregate exchange feature online), while the rest will retained with the foundation for future development. all buy-back transactions will announced the blockchain and the bought-back will sent address without private key. will eventually destroy ,,, and leave ,,, remaining. can expected that the mytoken ecosystem will reach stable state which the remaining tokens will enough support the circulation. advisory spectra advisory blockchain and cryptocurrency consulting company under the spectra ventures advisory (www.spectragroup.io). provide cryptocurrency advisory services and blockchain consulting services. our team consists early cryptocurrency adopters and experienced investment managers from top-tier venture capitals. bring our enriched experience across industries and countries practice professional advisory services for our clients china, japan, korea, sea, europe and the united states. official telegram: spectravc official wechat: spectravc vi. governance structure mytoken, highly recognize the value decentralization. believe this new structure organization will provide transparent, sharing and collaborating environment which participants are incentivized and rewarded/punished reasonable ground. tokenpia limited mytoken's asset management responsible for the issuance and management mt. therefore, mytoken establishes the tokenpia foundation ("the foundation") singapore. the foundation non-profit entity designed facilitate the sustainable development and transparent management the mytoken project. the foundation responsible for managing funding and providing support the development and operation team mytoken. the "profit" earned the foundation will retained for the organization and implementation other activities. members the foundation will never partake any distribution profits.the foundation set with the approval the accounting and corporate regulatory authority (acra) and under supervision the company law singapore. the foundation running independently from the government. order ensure the funding distributed open, fair and transparent way and broaden user base mytoken, and attract more institutions, developers and players into mytoken ecosystem, and maximize the development mytoken, the foundation has set three-tier organizational structure are displayed below: decision committee executive technical committee marketing& committee finance and human resources committee figure mytoken foundation structure chart decision committee the decision committee the supreme decision-making body the foundation and assumes the final decision. the committee responsible for making strategic and annual plans, managing budget and voting major issues mytoken ecosystem behalf the foundation. executive: the executive elected the decision committee manage and report day-to-day operation the foundation, coordinate between sub-committees, and host the decision committee meetings. technical committee the technical committee responsible for overall r&d foundation, the design and development underlying technology and its related intellectual property. addition, the technical committee will responsible for communicating actively with community members and players the ecosystem and hosting tech development conferences. marketing and public relation committee the marketing and public relation committee responsible for the community building and public relation management. the committee aiming brining more collaborators into the mytoken ecosystem through marketing activities and business development. finance and human resource committee the finance and human resource committee responsible for the use and audit financial operations the foundation and also employment and welfare management. vii. risks and disclaimer disclaimer this document serves only the purpose conveying information. the contents this document are for reference only, description mytoken's business and development plan, and not intend create any suggestions invitations solicit interest purchase stock securities the contents this document shall not interpreted forced participation ico. any behavior associated with this white paper, including any requests for obtaining copy this white paper sharing this white paper with others, will not deemed participation ico. all supporters the mytoken project and the foundation shall read this white paper and the official website carefully, understand the blockchain technology and the risks the mytoken project. any participants should have reached the age required law, have full mental capacity make the decision and understand that purchase the mytoken token essentially donation the foundation which cannot refunded, cancelled compensated. mytoken team will continue guarantee authenticity and accuracy the information this white paper. the updates include, but are not limited to, ecosystem mechanisms, tokens and their mechanisms and distribution tokens. some content may adjusted accordingly the new white paper. the team will post the updated white paper the official website. the participant must get the latest white paper and adjust their expectations accordingly. mytoken the foundation will not assume any losses due to: the participant relying the contents older versions the white paper; ii)information inaccuracy the white paper; iii) any behaviors caused the white paper. the official token mytoken, important tool for the mytoken ecosystem perform efficiently. however, not security, and owning does not mean that its owner has been afforded with the proprietary right, controlling right, and/or policy-making right regarding the mytoken platform. encrypted token used mytoken, does not belong any the following categories: (a) currency any type; (b) securities; (c) stock rights legal entity; (d) stocks, bonds, bills, warrants, certificates, investment contract, other instruments affording similar rights. mytoken does not offer any buy-back channels for mt. participants have the right use their own will. this white paper originally issued english and translated multiple languages. case any discrepancy inconsistency the english version shall prevail. risk present, governments major countries the world have not formulated explicit policies about blockchain projects funded cryptocurrencies, participants may suffer from losses caused future policies. other major systematic risks include, but not limited to, losses caused natural disasters, large-scale breakdowns global computer networks, and political unrest. cryptocurrency transactions have extremely high uncertainty. due lack forceful supervision digital asset transactions, crypto assets are subject high volatility. the near future, supervisory regulations might formed and the crypto assets from certain projects may affected. the impacts include, but are not limited to, price and stability fluctuations and restraints. the blockchain industry highly competitive field which mytoken had proved success but cannot guarantee success the future. the mytoken founding team will try our best realize the goal set forth the white paper and explore more sustainable growth space the project. however, unpredictable internal and external factors may affect the route have proposed, retain the right revise and adjust the white paper. will publish the updated version the official website and all participants must obtain the latest version and adjust their expectations accordingly. mytoken will built with the blockchain technology and cryptographic algorithm. blockchain technology its early stage and cryptology still under rapid development. the mytoken team cannot fully guarantee technological fulfillment the project. the mytoken technology infrastructure also subject the risk hacking and code vulnerability, both which will lead losses. the blockchain technology and the industry are under rapid development, mytoken and the foundation are subject some risks that cannot predicted this moment. participants should fully understand the potential scale loss and make decisions accordingly.