napoleonx napoleonx whitepaper introduction the satoshi's whitepaper and the creation bitcoin have been one the most significant events since the creation internet. giving access cryptocurrencies anybody, lowering the fees any transaction and freeing the protocol from the "old" banking system, the blockchain protocol undoubtedly leading disruptive evolution. yet, the expected massive adoption still its way. believe that this due the fact that one core brick missing: the investment brick. today, even the most enthusiastic cryptocurrency holders are stuck within the classic banking system manage their own savings! reach global adoption, eth, bitcoin, and cryptocurrencies general, need large spectrum listed assets that coin holders could invest in, including classical assets such etfs, stocks, fixed income, currencies, commodities, etc. napoleonx think that two concomitant elements are creating new paradigm that will completely redefine the investment industry, the benefit the community, while giving anyone access the best investment strategies. the one hand, assist the emergence new governance schemes enabled smart contracts (and the corresponding daos, dacs, etc) and the other hand, observe the omnipresence the investing quant strategies and bots the best hedge funds and banks. combining these two growing elements allows people get their complete freedom back their investments, far from the current investment scheme controlled the (old) banking system. thus, instead being advised banker, maybe more interested selling its own products, investors would have direct access set decentralized autonomous funds optimize their risk/return profile. indeed, they will decide the investment strategy (financial leverage and trading bots choice) within growing selection over time best fit their own needs. whitepaper besides this revolution per se, think that creating seamless access large set tangible performing asset classes will also accelerate the massive use cryptocurrencies general. any cryptocurrency holder could seamlessly manage one's savings invest crypto assets, real assets financial markets, would game changer, for both the cryptoworld ico powered and the traditional asset management industry! napoleonx smart collaborative investing the first algorithmic crypto asset manager surfing two exponential trends: the quantitative management wave and the crypto currency universe's expansion. founded ex-multi-billions asset managers tier banks, will propose all-weather performing investment solutions for crypto holders, through decentralized autonomous funds (dafs). arnaud dartois, stephane ifrah jean-charles dudek napoleon crypto sas ico@napoleonx.ai www.napoleonx.ai current version: date: november, abstract: investment solutions are still limited within the blockchain ecosystem, restricting investors manage most their savings outside the cryptocurrency environment. believe that the feasibility invest large spectrum performing assets, through tokenization the financial markets, would the game changer for the massive adoption cryptocurrencies. indeed, far cryptocurrencies have mostly been contained mean payment. now time accelerate the "store value" beyond the simple appreciation against fiat currencies. propose the first solution smart collaborative investing dedicated cryptocurrencies holders, through the creation decentralized autonomous funds (dafs). each daf will crypto-fund whose investment strategy shall governed blend trading bots. first, each dafs will created for unique underlying assets. second stage combination underlying assets might allowed the dafs. the napoleonx token (npx) holders, participating the selection the trading bots, will benefit from (i) the rights use for their own personal account the trading signals provided the first trading bots and (ii) revenue share from the rental fees (referred "botons" this whitepaper) paid the dafs for the use the trading bots. botons will equal gross performance. the npx token holders will get these botons for the first dafs that napoleon crypto will create. napoleonx disclaimer this draft white paper for discussion and pre-information purposes only. the information contained herein subject change. part this white paper legally binding enforceable, nor meant be, until has been discussed, reviewed and revised napoleon crypto sas' board directors, board advisors and lawyers. please not copy disseminate any part this white paper without including this disclaimer. the final version this white paper will published soon adopted. the initial coin offering (hereafter, the "ico") project presented napoleon crypto sas (hereafter, the "company") unregulated fundraising operation. poses several risks buyers, particular, that losing all amounts traded for npx. you acknowledge and agree that there are risks associated with purchasing, holding, and using npx connection with the company's product, services and platform developed for such products and/or services (hereafter, the "platform"), disclosed and explained this white paper and the terms and condition available ico.napoleonx.ai. you have any questions regarding these risks, please contact customer@napoleonx.ai. purchasing npx, you expressly acknowledge and assume these risks. only people who are fully aware these risks should participate the ico. note also that the ico excludes certain groups people such "u.s. person" (within the meaning "regulation the securities act under u.s. law) and private individual acting non-professional basis simple consumer (within the meaning directive //eu the european parliament and the council october consumer rights). napoleonx table contents introduction our vision tokenization opens the door dafs bypassing the traditional asset management system extending the investment universe real assets enables transfer value and liquidity from the "real" world the crypto ecosystem boosting exponential rise crypto market capitalization napoleonx the first algorithmic crypto asset manager the project the npx token daf concept (see appendix for more details) revenues assumptions the team the founders the team the initial coin offering and the following steps napoleonx ico ico mechanism and issue npx tokens uses and sources pre-ico and green list roadmap and first dafs proposed napoleon crypto acknowledgements legal disclaimer appendix napoleonx whitepaper introduction the satoshi's whitepaper and the creation bitcoin have been one the most significant events since the creation internet. giving access cryptocurrencies anybody, lowering the fees any transaction and freeing the protocol from the "old" banking system, the blockchain protocol undoubtedly leading disruptive evolution. yet, the expected massive adoption still its way. believe that this due the fact that one core brick missing: the investment brick. today, even the most enthusiastic cryptocurrency holders are stuck within the classic banking system manage their own savings! reach global adoption, eth, bitcoin, and cryptocurrencies general, need large spectrum listed assets that coin holders could invest in, including classical assets such etfs, stocks, fixed income, currencies, commodities, etc. think that two concomitant elements are creating new paradigm that will completely redefine the investment industry, the benefit the community, while giving anyone access the best investment strategies. the one hand, assist the emergence new governance schemes enabled smart contracts (and the corresponding daos, dacs, etc) and the other hand, observe the omnipresence the investing quant strategies and bots the best hedge funds and banks. combining these two growing elements allows people get their complete freedom back their investments, far from the current investment scheme controlled the (old) napoleonx banking system. thus, instead being advised banker, maybe more interested selling its own products, investors would have direct access set decentralized autonomous funds optimize their risk/return profile. indeed, they will decide the investment strategy (financial leverage and trading bots choice) within growing selection over time best fit their own needs. besides this revolution per se, think that creating seamless access large set tangible performing asset classes will also accelerate the massive use cryptocurrencies general. any cryptocurrency holder could seamlessly manage one's savings invest crypto assets, real assets financial markets, would game changer, for both the cryptoworld and the traditional asset management industry! our vision tokenization opens the door dafs our vision that, within few years, most today's real assets will tokenized implying that most the stock exchanges will authorize the issuance shares crypto-currencies. consequently, will possible, for instance, buy coca-cola company's apple's shares directly crypto-currencies. such point, the crypto-ecosystem will become the new normality, leading mainstream status. from this vision, have created the daf (decentralized autonomous fund) concept give investors access robust investing strategies any real crypto assets diversifying their investment returns. once any investment will accessible the crypto world, will possible embed quantitative investment strategies (i.e. trading bots) within smart contracts, creating the ultimate investment vehicle. bypassing the traditional asset management system the asset management industry has been dominated, oligopolistic manner, large banks financial institutions for ages. they have collected huge amounts fees while delivering poor performance. this napoleonx has been done the back investors, whom are the real risk takers, and even more true very low rates environment typical the last decade. consequently, they have started being challenged trading bots which are very cost effective. over the years, algorithms will become smarter and more efficient. they will reduce all these undue expensive management fees down more acceptable levels. from broader perspective, quantitative strategies have gained exponential interests for the last years. example, the graph below shows the growth assets under management for systematic strategies called smart beta (black plain line), which are strategies relative low intelligence, yet exponential interest traditional investors: source: morningstar, wells fargo investment institute global manager research, may extending the investment universe real assets enables transfer value and liquidity from the "real" world the crypto ecosystem trade crypto-assets very convenient since may benefit from the full power smart contracts with completely seamless structure within the crypto environment. however, are convinced that restricting investments these assets only would mistake, for the following several reasons: napoleonx volume even with the recent market capitalization records, btc and eth are still fraction the largest asset markets (equities, fixed income ...). giving the possibility invest real assets would allow manage larger amounts funds from day one than simply trading altcoins and bitcoin. value transfer with efficient trading strategies, lots value can seized from the real world and transfer back the crypto ecosystem. such value transfer shall fuel the growth the crypto world and accelerate its journey towards general acceptance (virtuous cycle). diversification portfolio management intrinsically relies diversification. creating numerous dafs will offer this possibility. the napoleonx project has been launched because believe should contribute the tokenization real assets happen rather than wait for it. the way are seeing the crypto-market universe investment solutions: high risk return icos napoleonx's investment solutions ico funds crypto funds bitcoin ethereum altcoins natural playground big and institutional investors major opportunity for scalable performing products high low scalability napoleonx boosting exponential rise crypto market capitalization total market capitalization for all crypto currencies has experienced exponential rise due the beginning democratization among fiat holders. develop further there will need several conditions including some kind regulatory framework and the development investment solutions. ------- market cap vol source: www. coinmarketcap.com our vision that few years time, large institutional investors will start diversifying their investment portfolio order incorporate these new assets their allocation. before that, family offices, private bank and wealth management bank clients will also start allocating some their portfolios into crypto assets. napoleonx napoleonx the first algorithmic crypto asset manager the project napoleonx will the first algorithmic crypto asset manager. the project founded ex-multi-billions asset managers tier banks, who have already designed, created and traded performing trading bots for the past years. the napoleonx smartcontract will deployed napoleon crypto sas, french company. this company will hold benefit from the intellectual property over the trading bots for the first dafs that are proposed this project. this intellectual property will shared with npx token holders according two modalities: the diffusion trading signals used the dafs and revenue share over the dafs bots' rental fees napoleon crypto sas fully owned subsidiary may apply for asset management license country soon the ico has been completed. this stage, france and luxembourg are strongly considered potential candidates both stephane ifrah and jean-charles dudek have managed french and luxembourg funds during their previous job bnp paribas asset management and natixis asset management. today, more than performing trading bots are available. first batch dafs will launched predefined conditions and only based napoleon crypto intellectual property. after that, negotiation will set between npx token holders, napoleon crypto and potential external strategy provider for each new daf. the npx token participant the napoleonx ico, each subscriber will attributed some npx tokens. essentially, the npx token token giving right to: the personal usage the trading bots signals the trading bots that will implemented the first dafs. corresponding signals will transmitted the npx token holders through mechanism that shall ensure that npx tokens are needed access this information. napoleonx addition, there will mechanism that the more tokens are hold, the soonest the information delivered. the usage will the sole discretion the npx token holders. access rental fees ("botons"), for the first dafs these botons, which represent rental fee over the proposed bots, will payable monthly basis and equal the positive performance. npx token holders will granted these botons and napoleon crypto sas last but not least, these botons will payable new daf tokens issuance for the corresponding value. besides, the npx token holders shall have access platform enabling them access their own account and reporting daf tokens received botons. this platform shall also enable anyone: access the updated audits the several trading bots, check the latest performances bots monitor the token events and performance each daf, and have access relevant documentation trading bots. daf concept (see appendix for more details) dafs are the ultimate investment vehicles since they intrinsically give access the latest trading techniques and algorithms (bots). napoleon crypto sas will make available its existing library but will also give access any future development. each daf will use one combination trading bots. from legal point view, daf may take the form discretionary mandates, funds other adequate legal form. from conservative point view, napoleon crypto sas (or subsidiary) may candidate for asset management license country, that shall preferably france luxembourg, mainly due the asset management experience the founders both countries. due their underlying legal structuring (as mandate fund for instance), dafs may restricted some specific categories investors, such qualified investors. however, even dafs may very interesting for retail investors, the main target investor qualified investors with large investment capacities (and needs). reminded that, far and the founder's knowledge, napoleonx will the first entity offer very scalable investment solutions, i.e. able handle very large amounts investments meur). napoleonx new dafs may regularly proposed napoleon crypto sas any other strategy provider (as defined further) the npx token holders. order attractive large range investors, daf may created with different governance models, botons' consumptions even underlying blockchains (including btc). any strategy provider proposing daf, shall present the set eligible trading bots and the governance model enabling select the trading bots that shall used together with the financial leverage. shall also indicate the botons' consumption, and the portion the botons collected that shall ultimately affected the npx token holders. botons shall paid each daf monthly basis, the issuance new daf tokens, matching the value the botons consumed the previous month. payment dates, the net asset value daf token computed (the nav price), and the amount the botons consumed issued the nav price the benefice the npx token holders, the strategy provider and napoleon crypto sas. revenues assumptions base case scenario based only the first dafs detailed the blackpaper can drawn. taken the following hypothesis: global hypothesys npx tokens detained npx tokens issued use trading signal beginning date personnal investment eth (hyp.) revenues share from trading bots sco each months botons (perf fees) npx napoleonx use trading signal yearly gross perf (hypothesis) revenues share botons from first dafs daf ndeg yearly gross perf (hypothesis) monthly gross perf personal investment (hypothesis) ico month post license aum eth aum per sco daf daf daf daf daf daf daf daf daf daf get the following: base case napoleonx raised through daf's ico/sco (in eth) performance generated (in eth) asset under management (in eth) botons npx (in eth value) botons for npx total for npx personnal usage trading signals performance for npx revenues share from firsts dafs napoleonx the team the founders the napoleonx's project born the brains ex-finance executives who have each more than years experience the finance sector. stephane ifrah stephane started developing algorithmic strategies more than years ago bnp paribas. stephane headed investment team managing eur .bn until then turned entrepreneurship and participated the launch hedge fund. has built more than long standing scalable strategies library over the years. more recently, has started developing for the crypto currency world. graduated from the best france (ecole polytechnique) and holds another degree from ensp. also holds data science certification from ecole polytechnique. jean-charles dudek jean-charles experienced banker with more than years tier banks. former head active protected fund management bnpp (heading experienced portfolio managers), managed more than bneur aum for several years. jean-charles has long standing experience both sell and buy sides. met stephane when they both worked bnpp. stephane asked jean-charles join the project and bring his management and structuring strong expertise the crypto universe. jean-charles studied bank, finance and insurance paris dauphine and paris nanterre. arnaud dartois (phd) after several years working private equity investor, mainly the health and waste business, arnaud became independant advisor and entrepreneur. he's got interested blockchain since and met stephane during the data science program organized ecole napoleonx polytechnique (french mit). they formalized the daf concept december and decided launch napoleonx afterwards, revolutionize the emerging blockchain investment universe. arnaud holds from ecole polytechnique and phd computer science (algebraic combinatorics) from ecole polytechnique and ens. the team stefan duprey (phd) stefan has strong and mixed profile being quantitative developer with extensive expertise derivatives pricing, electronic trading and asset management but also extensive programming knowledge ranging from c++, java python and stefan got recently hooked smart contract programming and blockchain enthusiast. has been the recipient phd thesis from inria the meeting point between applied mathematics, computer science and physics. alexandre coutouly alexandre software engineer. started his career responsible several trading tools the listed products trading desk societe generale cib before joining ernst young senior consultant where met stephane. holds m.eng. from ecole des mines douai. remi hassan software engineer with extensive background finance. remi started his career market risk analyst credit agricole cib before joining societe generale cib software engineer. within delta one trading desk, was responsible several tactical tools and automatons. carlos rodriguez carlos student ecole school based peer-to-peer learning model founded xavier niel, also founder stationf, the world biggest startup campus. has great skills language and autonomous, polyvalent profile. loves blockchain, computer languages and philosophy. napoleonx diane guillemin after numerous experiences both international and small companies, diane developed keen interest entrepreneurship and joined napoleonx april cmo. she graduated from pantheon-sorbonne university paris with two master's degrees: one applied mathematics and the other one banking and finance. marien irzykiewicz, caia marien holds bachelor degree economics and master finance. caia charter holder and cfa level candidate. after several experiences investment and risk management, wanted dedicate his career new challenge, driven his deep passion for crypto currencies and blockchain revolution. jianfei zhang jianfei has got bachelor's degree southeast university information engineering and studying applied mathematics and computer science ecole polytechnique. with experience web development and deep learning, passionate about all kinds innovative technologies related computer science. kun kun engineer student ecole polytechnique (french mit). has obtained bachelor degree mathematics china and currently works for napoleonx analyst. interested the blockchain technology and prepares himself participate the revolution cryptocurrency. napoleonx the initial coin offering and the following steps napoleonx ico any crypto-investor will have the opportunity participate the napoleonx project through ico launched december the ethereum blockchain. napoleonx will launch its ico issuing npx tokens and aiming collect eth that will sold napoleon crypto sas, order to: acquire rent the required asset management licenses launch dafs develop platform: publish indices based proposed strategies for performance monitoring for npx token holders get access the trading signals the dafs for npx token holders manage their private account (including collected daf tokens payments botons) and vote collective decisions, for future daf subscribers manage their portfolio assets, for dafs manage ico and successive scos promote the npx tokens, promote the dafs' creation and performances, finance the r&d create new performing trading bots there minimum amount below which (once the btc- and eurdenominated purchases have been converted eth using the appropriate daily conversion rate based the closing values provided coinmarketcap. com), the company undertakes repay each purchaser for the amount received for the purchase npx. however, the company may decide sole discretion repay each purchaser for the amount received for the purchase npx (provided that the company shall not indemnify purchasers for the gas and fees spend for their purchase and repayment). repayment not decided, the company shall issue and deliver npx each purchaser. napoleonx hardware wallet and multi-sig: hardware wallet will set that all raised amount will transferred after the successful ico. solutions proposed ledger will preferred. the aim will transfer all amount multi-sig smart-contract that will controlled only from hardware wallets. such multi-sig contract will multi-sig, that the validation private keys among necessary transfer funds from it, except for small amount per day eth) conceived consensys its multi-sig template contract. ico mechanism and issue npx tokens ico mechanism the ico smart-contract will used track all the contributions made the several subscribers. due (i) the founders' past experience, (ii) the ambition the napoleonx project, (iii) the early investors considerations, (iv) the several alerts made diverse regulators around the world and (v) the numerous risks being too borderline, strong emphasis the compliance the ico process with the local regulation (france) has been decided. such, advised chaineum and hubert vauplane from kramer levin naftalis frankel llp, has been decided follow the following process: contributions will accepted eth, but also eur and btc. for each subscription fiat btc, daily conversion rate will applied, ex-post, through the closing values given coinmarketcap.com. contributions will received through three (eth, btc and eur) escrow accounts for eth and btc contributions, each participant will receive customized address send its contribution to, once kyc/aml process has been cleared, more detailed below. for eur contributions, payment credit card will available top the regular fund transfers. contributions will subject to: minimal amount eth btc eur napoleonx not being from the following countries: usa (for citizenship residency) north korea iran iraq lybia syria south sudan cuba not being terrorist politically exposed person kyc/aml process will conducted including the declaration of: first and last name date and location birth current address purchaser's citizenship and country tax residence; copy of: passport card this full mechanism may subject change. please refer our website get the fully updated process. issue npx tokens one hundred napoleon coin (npx) token will issued for eth: npx eth. npx token will decimalized with decimals. the smart-contract classic erc contract, based templates openzeppelin and following recommendations consensys. shall audited least two third parties auditors. napoleonx bonus program bonus program will reward early subscribers with maximum bonus, according the following table: until the soonest the two following events bonus time after ico launch eth raised however, each contribution validly registered during the pre-ico (as described below) will have access bonus rate regardless the amount. however, pre-ico bonus program will limited the first eth equivalent. during the pre-ico amount committed, this bonus program will start and not bounty program, advisors and miscellaneous bounty program will used pay for external resources (ex: pr), external advisors miscellaneous that accept npx tokens payment during the pre ico phase. the bounty program will capped the sold npx tokens, including bonus. unallocated amounts will used the discretion the founders. particular, would used contribute npx sale success. npx tokens granted external advisors shall blocked for -months period. reserve for founders and team founders and team will get the npx tokens. ensure that the founders and team will look forward increase the value the npx tokens, they won't allowed sell their npx tokens for minimum period months. napoleonx uses and sources global uses and sources the target develop the project eth. max cap also set up. uses eth sources asset management license and operational dedicated infrastructure set cost (legal, ...) napoleon crypto platform (including website, index publisher, reporting system and voting system) cost overhead costs data acquisition marketing total eth ico token sale total the ico successful, napoleon crypto sas shall receive the total raised amount deploy the program indicated above. pre-ico and green list several icos have experienced tremendous interest, the ethereum blockchain have suffered high peaks transactions demand, putting risk the network itself and jeopardizing subscribers' opportunity participate the project. cope with this risk, has been decided organize pre-ico. access the pre-ico with bonus, potential subscribers shall have registered napoleonx the green list (at: http://bonus.napoleonx.ai), and notably indicate their minimal contribution intention (in eth equivalent) and their email. for the pre-ico, bonus will only available people having registered the green list. contribution and access bonus program are fully granted these subscribers subject total pre-ico bonus limited the first eth equivalent. this will specified our crowdsale.napoleonx.ai payment website. please, check the following website: https://www.napoleonx.ai, for updates about the process. you can also send email contact@napoleonx.ai. roadmap and first dafs proposed napoleon crypto the complete roadmap may seen the website at: www.napoleonx.ai. consists setting the regulatory and legal framework launch and run the dafs and then propose the first dafs. napoleon crypto sas has already more than performing strategies enabling the quick creation dafs, more detailed the blackpaper. for such dafs, the variables shall the followings: strategy provider: napoleon crypto sas underlying asset: depending the strategies (cf blackpaper for more info) currency: mostly eth and btc, but blackpaper for more info min size: eth equivalent btc max size: eth equivalent btc redemption threshold: daf token botons' consumption: performance sco day: last day the month, every months after launch day acknowledgements the napoleon crypto team would like thank chaineum, kramer levin naftalis frankel llp, bity, the asseth and ethereum france for their comments and suggestions. napoleonx legal disclaimer any buyer purchasing the company's products services expressly acknowledges technical and market uncertainties which are inherent any business development project presented this white paper (see below for risk factors) and that this project may therefore never come fruition may have abandoned, without the npx being used. such case, the buyer expressly acknowledges and accepts that will not entitled sue bring any direct indirect legal action before the courts, the arbitration bodies any alternative dispute settlement body, either france abroad, against the company, its directors, shareholders, employees subcontractors the event the non-performance, non-deployment nonimplementation the project, even cases where its npx have lost some all their value. addition, the company may not held liable for any the following: use services that are not compliant with the applicable terms; ii. non-performance, failure, malfunction unavailability the services due third party, the buyer, third-party product, the buyer's breach its obligations; iii. indirect damages such business loss disturbance, loss orders, operating loss, infringement the trade mark, loss profits clients (e.g. improper disclosure confidential information concerning said clients due failure piracy the platform, third-party proceedings against the client, etc.); iv. loss, disclosure unlawful fraudulent use user sign ons the buyers third parties; suspension access temporary permanent suspension services (in particular, arising from request issued appropriate administrative judicial authority, notification received from third party); vi. loss, alteration destruction all part the content (information, data, applications, files other items) hosted the infrastructure, insofar the company not responsible for managing the continuity buyersbuyers' activities, and data backups particular; vii. mismatch between the services and the buyer's needs (in particular, with regard the sensitivity the relevant data); napoleonx viii. security incidents relating use the internet, concerning particular the loss, alteration, destruction, disclosure unauthorized access the buyer's data details via the internet; and ix. damages systems, applications and other items installed the buyer the infrastructure. general warning this white paper does not constitute offer invitation sell shares, securities rights belonging the company any related associated company. none the information analyses this white paper intended provide basis for investment decision, and specific investment recommendation made. accordingly, this white paper does not constitute investment advice invitation invest any security financial instrument any nature whatsoever. this white paper does not constitute form part of, and should not construed as, offer for sale subscription, invitation buy subscribe securities financial instruments. this white paper, any its component parts, does not constitute the basis for, should not used basis for, connection with, contract for the sale securities financial instruments commitment sell securities financial instruments any kind. the company expressly disclaims any liability for any direct indirect loss damage any kind arising directly indirectly from: any reliance the information contained this white paper; ii. any error, omission inaccuracy said information; iii. any resulting action that may brought. this white paper has been constructed accordance with the applicable regulations. npx does not represent investment security financial instrument within the meaning directive //eu the european parliament and the council may relating markets financial instruments: npx confer direct indirect right the company's capital income, nor does confer any governance right within the company; napoleonx npx not proof ownership right control control over npx does not grant the controlling individual any asset share the company, the platform. npx does not grant any right participate control over the company's management decision-making set-up, over platform. npx not electronic currency within the meaning directive //ec the european parliament and the council september relating access and pursuit the business electronic currency institutions: npx are not accepted outside the platform and not have fixed exchange value equal the amount delivered the time its issue; npx not payment service within the meaning directive //ec the european parliament and the council november relating payment services the internal market, nor within the meaning directive ndeg the european parliament and the council november relating payment service (dsp the ico does not involve the purchase and/ sale npx and the company's business does not consist receiving currencies against the delivery npx; such, npx not means payment either. npx cryptographic token used the platform. npx crypto-currency, i.e. unregulated digital asset issued and controlled its developers and used and accepted the members given community. sales restrictions participation the ico restricted natural legal persons acting within the scope their professional activities. any private individual acting non-professional basis simple consumer, within the meaning directive //eu the european parliament and the council october consumer rights, excluded from the ico. documents linked the ico may not transmitted distributed "u.s. citizen" mail email addresses the united states america. prohibited transmit, distribute reproduce documents linked the napoleonx ico for "u.s. citizen" within the territories the united states america, whole part. ensure their eligibility for the purchase npx, buyers expressly declare that they are not "u.s. citizen" (within the meaning "regulation the securities act under u.s. law), i.e.: any private individual resident the united states america; ii. any partnership business organized established under u.s. law; iii. any property which the executor administrator u.s. citizen; iv. any trust which proxy american citizen; any agency branch foreign entity located the united states america; vi. any non-discretionary account similar account (other than trust property) held trader other trustee for the benefit behalf u.s. citizen; vii. any discretionary account similar account (other than trust trust) held trader other trustee, that organized, established (if private individual) resident the united states america; and viii. any partnership company if: organized established under the law foreign jurisdiction; and formed u.s. citizen primarily for the purpose investing securities not listed under the u.s. securities act, unless organized established, and owned, accredited investors who are not private individuals, trusts properties. warnings the risks inherent the ico risk loss access npx due loss credentials until distributed the buyer, the said buyer's npx may linked company account. you can only access the company account using the credentials selected the buyer. the loss these credentials will result the loss the npx. good practices advise buyers store their credentials securely one more backup locations that are geographically separated from the work location. napoleonx risks associated with the ethereum protocol both npx and the platform are based the ethereum protocol. therefore, any malfunction, unplanned function unexpected operation the ethereum protocol may cause the platform npx malfunction operate way that not expected. ether, the native ethereum protocol account unit, may itself lose value similar way npx, and also other ways. for more information the ethereum protocol, see http://www.ethereum.org/ risks associated with the buyer's credentials any third party that obtains access the buyer's credentials private keys may able use the buyer's npx. minimize this risk, buyers must protect themselves against people gaining unauthorized access their electronic devices. legal risk and risk adverse regulatory intervention one more jurisdictions blockchain technologies have been reviewed various regulatory bodies around the world, including within the european union. the ico has been structured comply with law applicable the time the offer. the operation the platform and npx may impacted the passing restrictive laws, the publication restrictive negative opinions, the issuing injunctions national regulators, the initiation regulatory actions investigations, including but not limited restrictions the use ownership digital tokens such npx, which may prevent limit development the platform. given the lack crypto-currency qualifications most countries, each buyer strongly advised carry out legal and tax analysis concerning the purchase and ownership npx according their nationality and place residence. risk alternative, unofficial platform following presales and development the original version the platform, there possibility that alternative platforms may have been established using the same open-source code and open source protocol that underlies the platform. the official platform may find itself competition with these alternatives, unofficial platforms based npx, which could potentially adversely impact the platform and npx. napoleonx risk lack interest the platform distributed applications there possibility that the platform may not used large number companies, individuals and other organizations, and that there may limited public interest the creation and development distributed applications. such lack interest could impact the development the platform and, therefore, the uses potential value npx. risk that the platform not developed the main right associated with npx the right receive the botons from, and use the trading bot signals of, the first dafs implemented the platform. the value the npx therefore heavily correlated with the existence such platform and/or such dafs, which have not yet been implemented. npx may lose part all their value the platform and/or dafs are never fully developed. risk non-performance the dafs the main right associated with npx the right receive the botons from, and use the trading bot signals of, the first dafs implemented the platform. the value the npx therefore heavily correlated with the performance such dafs. such performance not guaranteed, and npx may lose part all their value the dafs not perform expected. risk that the platform, developed, does not meet buyer expectations the platform currently under development and may undergo significant redesign prior its launch. for number reasons, not all buyer expectations concerning the platform npx's form and function may met the launch date, including changes design, implementation and execution the platform. risk theft and piracy hackers other malicious criminal groups organizations may attempt interfere with the platform the availability npx several ways including, but not limited to, denial service attacks, sybil attacks, mystification, surfing, malware attacks, consensus-based attacks. napoleonx risk error the source code the distribution npx each purchaser may adversely affected various human and technical errors the source code the smart contract system the source code the escrow accounts mentioned above. risk security weaknesses the platform's core infrastructure software the platform's core software based open source software. there risk that the company team, other third parties, may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses bugs into the core infrastructure elements the platform, interfering with the use of, causing loss of, npx. risk weakness exploitable breakthrough the field cryptography advances cryptography, technical advances such the development quantum computers, may present risks for crypto-currencies and the platform, which could result the theft loss npx. risk npx mining attack with other decentralized cryptographic tokens and crypto-currencies, the blockchain used for the platform vulnerable mining attacks, including but not limited to, dual-expense attacks, powerful mining attacks, selfish mining attacks, and critical competition attacks. any successful attack poses risk the platform, the expected performance and sequencing the company's markets, and the expected performance and sequencing ethereum contract calculations. despite the best efforts the company's team, the risk known new mining attacks exists. risk the platform failing used adopted while npx should not considered investment, their value bound change over time. this value may limited the platform not sufficiently used and adopted. such case, there could few markets the platform launch, which would limit the value npx. risk tight market for npx there are currently exchanges trading facilities which npx can traded. such exchanges trading facilities develop, they will probably relatively new and subject poorly understood regulatory oversight. they may therefore more vulnerable fraud and default than the established napoleonx and regulated exchanges that exist for other products. should exchanges trading facilities that represent substantial part the npx trading volume involved fraud, security failures other operational problems, the failures such exchanges trading facilities may limit the npx value liquidity. risk uninsured loss unlike bank accounts accounts other regulated financial institutions, funds held through the company ethereum network are generally uninsured. present, there are public private insurance agents providing buyers with coverage against loss npx loss value. risk winding-up the company's project for number reasons including, but not limited to, unfavorable fluctuation bitcoin value, unfavorable fluctuation npx value, the failure business relationships competing intellectual property claims, the company project may longer viable activity and may dissolved simply not launched. risk malfunction the platform the platform may impacted adverse malfunction including, but not limited to, malfunction that results the loss npx market information. unforeseen risks crypto-currencies and cryptographic tokens are new, untested technology. addition the risks stipulated above, there are other risks that the company's team cannot predict. risks may also occur unanticipated combinations changes the risks stipulated herein. recent regulatory actions mentioned above, operations the platform, the dafs and the npx may impacted future restrictive laws, regulations, opinions, decisions, injunctions, actions investigations national regulators and lawmakers. some regulators have already initiated formal informal proceedings related the regulation icos and tokens, some which are listed hereunder. this list provided for information purpose only and not constitute legal advice. napoleonx the united states securities and exchange commission (sec) issued (i) report dated july stating that tokens offered the company the dao were securities within the meaning the securities act, and (ii) "investor bulletin" informing potential investors icos. the united kingdom financial conduct authority (fca) issued statement september th, warning potential investors about the risks associated with icos. the canadian securities administrators (csa) issued "staff notice" dated august th, which states that icos might governed canadian securities laws (knowing that tokens would, however, not always constitute securities for the purpose such laws) canadian derivative laws (if the products issued qualify derivatives). the israel securities authority (isa) published statement dated august th, announcing that would oraganize committee study the applicability securities law icos. the peopole's bank china, together with other chinese regulators, issued statement dated september th, prohibiting token fundraising transactions. companies that have already launched ico are required refund the tokens issued. the monetary authority singapore (mas) released statement dated august st, concluding that some tokens might qualified securities within the meaning the singaporean securities and futures act. the securities and futures commission (sfc) hong kong made declaration september th, which stated that tokens may qualify securities under the securities and futures ordinance. the financial supervisory commission (fsc) south korea declared, september rd, that established "joint task force meeting" discuss crypto-currencies regulatory framework. the financial market supervisory authority (finma) switzerland, press release dated september th, announced was investigating various icos. the finma specified, guidance published the same day, that icos are susceptible, depending their structuring, governed (i) aml/kyc regulations (ii) banking monopoly provisions (iii) securities and derivatives trading regulations and (iv) collective investment schemes regulations. mentioned the finma, "due the close proximity some areas icos and tokengenerating events with transactions conventional financial markets, napoleonx the likelihood arises that the scope the application least one the financial market laws may encompass certain types ico model". the australian securities and investments commission (asic) recently published the information sheet guidance about the potential application the corporations act businesses conducting icos. according this document, ico, depending how it's structured, could qualified managed investment scheme, public offer and/or offer derivatives. abu dhabi's finical services regulatory authority (fsra) released guidelines crypto currencies and icos dated october th, which specified that (i) existing kyc would applicable icos and (ii) some tokens, case-by-case basis and depending how they are structured, may classified securities while others may classified commodities. the french financial markets authority (amf) launched october th, (i) ico assistance and research program dubbed "unicorn" provide issuers with framework for their ico and explore potential future regulatory actions, and (ii) public consultation icos, which three regulatory options are presented: issuing guidelines icos without changing the existing regulations, placing icos under the regime applicable public offers securities, enacting new, specific regulation for icos. the japanese financial services agency (fsa) published investor alert october th, underlying the "high risks" associated with icos (i.e. token volatility and likelihood fraud) and warning issuers and investors that icos, depending how they are structured, may fall within the scope the japanese payment services act and/or the japanese financial instruments and exchange act. new zealand financial markets authority (fma) published statement dated october th, icos, explaining that the specific characteristics and economic substance ico will determine the token should classified financial product. more importantly, the fma specified that "all tokens cryptocurrencies are securities under the fmc act even those that are not financial products". know your customer procedures (kyc) part the know your customer procedure (kyc), anyone wishing acquire npx will have provide the company with the following details via the dedicated ico website prior purchasing npx: napoleonx the declaration of: first and last name date and location birth current address citizenship copy of: passport card applicable law and jurisdiction this white paper and any contractual relationship arising relation with the products and services sold the company are governed exclusively french law, the company's commitment being subject this clause. the parties agree seek amicable settlement prior bringing any legal action. failing this, any dispute, any nature whatsoever, will brought expressly before the courts paris, document can effect novation waiver this jurisdiction clause. napoleonx appendix daf: the future investing implementation the first dafs napoleon crypto napoleon crypto sas has decided propose its first dafs according the features described below. however, from global point view, daf may created with less constraints and any smart-contract able handle trading bots and pay botons shall eligible daf proposed the npx token holders. such, the npx token holders may benefit from wide range investment vehicles. the first dafs created napoleon crypto sas, shall consist smart contract characterized predefined feature and set global variables. global variables correspond the investment philosophy behind the initial daf concept, and consists the following: strategy provider: the legal entity aimed proposing quantitative strategies the daf underlying asset: the underlying asset the strategy should invest currency: the currency which the investors want exposed min size: the minimal size the funds inception napoleonx max size: the maximal size the funds redemption threshold: the daf tokens botons' consumption: performance voting period: from calendar days calendar days before sco day sco days: every six months, the subscription may opened additional investors through dedicated secondary coin offerings (scos). besides, redemption feature corresponding the possibility terminate the daf the percentage daf tokens voting such redemption above the redemption threshold, will implemented. global variables strategy provider the strategy provider any legal entity able to: propose set performing trading strategies corresponding the underlying asset, implement such strategies for the account the daf and its subscribers. for this, asset management license may required. napoleon crypto sas will the initial candidate for the first dafs. has already access strong portfolio performing quantitative strategies. more details these strategies are disclosed the blackpaper. underlying asset possible underlying assets include: equity index underlying such as: spxt, sxe, hsi, nky, smi, mxef, epra, etc forex underlying such as: eurusd, eurgbp, jpyusd, gbpusd etc commodities underlying such as: gold, silver, etc fixed income underlying such as: tbonds, bund, oat, btp, etc. cryptocurrencies such as: eth, btc, etc. napoleonx each underlying asset anchored specific currency, which may different from the one the investors want their performance expressed in. currency most dafs should only accept eth (or btc) subscription proceeds, the invariant currency the daf will chosen between eth (or btc) and the currency anchored the underlying asset (referred basecurr below). the chosen currency was the basecurr, means that the investors could exposed the variation between eth and basecurr. particular, eth/ basecurr earns during given period, performance the blend this period would produce loss when viewed eth investment (-% -(+%)*(-%)). that why have decided denominate the dafs eth with hedging strategy that will implemented follows: natural hedging strategies developed napoleon crypto use financial instruments (futures) designed allow for substantial leverage (up for equities). get the target exposure the underlying asset, may not necessary use the fund cash. initial margin will calculated exchange that will depend its nature and underlying volatility. for example, only the funds would required initial margin achieve target exposure, this daf's fund would remain "unused". they would kept eth. therefore, part the dafs will have natural currency hedge. calculate the accurate level fund required, will use initial margin levels from exchanges together with some headroom management buffers minimize unnecessary trading between eth and basecurr. the higher the financial leverage is, the lower the natural hedging will be. initial margin hedging according the financial leverage, part the investment not naturally hedged (as described above). however, this remaining part may also hedged through derivatives listed some crypto exchanges, when such derivatives exist expressly mentioned within the smart contract. for instance, with financial leverage the invested amount not naturally hedged. derivative hedging such may bought, napoleonx when available, reduce this currency risk. this will bear costs that should covered the performance the trading bots. performance hedging even with the best strategies, performance may not forecasted with precision. the future remains uncertain. consequence, hedging performance against currency risk will little bit trickier performance can come and go. this will induce additional hedging cost but given the volatility eth basecurr this risk may worth being hedged. net asset value (nav) any time after its creation, very easy compute the net asset value the daf and then each daf tokens, since all the assets the daf are very liquid and composed of: some eth some financial instruments exposed the underlying asset some derivatives instruments hedge the basecurr all instruments have least daily market value, that calculation net asset value the daf may easily diffused daily basis. the nav daf token then computed dividing the net asset value the daf the number daf tokens. min size and max size minimal size necessary preserve the generated performance from execution and fixed costs impacts. although may appreciated case-by-case basis, eth minimal amount launch daf. the size the fund limited the capacity the selected blend strategies generate the same performance when the size growing. most fundamentally linked the liquidity the underlying asset, but also the market intervention frequency. napoleon crypto will provide strategies (mostly low frequency equity indices) that may accommodate several hundred million euros investment without affecting their performances. the contrary, for less liquid underlying assets (crypto-currencies) specific trading styles (high frequency), maximum sizes may very low (less than euros). napoleonx for more details, please refer the blackpaper and goldpaper. redemption threshold redemption option offered let them the opportunity close daf sufficient number subscribers want to. such option gives ultimate liquidity any subscriber whatever the second market may be. the redemption threshold set botons use the trading bots provided the strategy provider, daf has pay some botons. the amount botons computed from the performance generated the blend trading bots used the daf. such performance computed the end each month and paid the daf through the issuance daf tokens the nav the daf token calculated the day before the issuance. for the first dafs, such issued tokens will granted npx token holders, whereas will granted napoleon crypto sas. any other strategy provider may decide different botons sharing, but the npx token holders would the ones deciding the end launch not the daf proposed such strategy provider. net performance defined the (gross) performance minus the botons consumed and any execution costs. over given period time, the net performance corresponds the increase the net asset value the daf tokens. botons' consumption set the daf creation and will performance for the first dafs. example, if, the beginning month, one the first dafs has net asset value eth, and there are daf tokens, then the nav the daf token amounts eth. the performance the end such month, then the gross performance (execution costs excluded) eth, which eth represents the bbotons' consumption eth). consequence, the end the month, the net asset value daf token equals (-%)) eth. then, daf tokens ('/.) shall issued among which '.) shall allocated the npx token holders having participated the voting sessions involving the eligibility the trading bots used the daf. napoleonx high watermark even with the most performing strategies, returns may negative from time time. given strategy blend strategies experienced negative monthly return followed positive monthly return, botons may collected before the highest past net performance reached. such level corresponds high watermark below which botons are collected. the table below shows some example, with botons' consumption level set daf token monthly botons' consumption daf tokens tokens pre issuance tokens for botons payment daf token issued for botons payment date high watermark net asset value voting period after the ico creating the daf, voting sessions shall organized every months for the daf token holders. the voting period defined the calendar day the calendar day after the sco day. daf token holders may decide terminate the daf and redeem it. occur, the number voting rights deciding such redemption shall above redemption decided, then all non crypto-assets which the daf invested shall liquidated within days. after such liquidation, the corresponding smart contract shall terminate: daf tokens are redeemed and all crypto-assets are transferred the daf token holders proportion their share the daf. sco day each sco, defined above, will proposed specific date every months. such day defined the sco day. the subscription period will last calendar days starting from the sco day. napoleonx extension detailed above, dafs are structured use strategies based one given underlying asset. such, dafs may viewed elementary investment bricks aimed being selected build investment allocation strategies higher level. when sufficient dafs will created, any asset manager may develop investment strategies using dafs. doing so, the volume invested amounts and the level performance shall increase that botons paid back npx token holders shall also increase with time. daf may created various blockchains, btc included, soon framework for smart-contract exists (rsk coming soon btc).